===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 08:00:00) =====
Emily: Good morning, everyone, and a warm welcome to the Textron Inc. Q1 2025 Earnings Call. My name is Emily, and I'll be moderating your call today. After the presentation, you will have the opportunity to ask any questions, which you can do so at any time by pressing star followed by the number one on your telephone. I will now hand over to Scott Hegstrom, Vice President of Investor Relations, to begin. Scott, please go ahead.
Scott Hegstrom: Thank you, Emily, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention that we'll be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. The call today will have Scott Donnelly, Textron Inc.'s Chairman and CEO, and David Rosenberg, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Revenues in the quarter were $3.3 billion, up $171 million from last year's first quarter. Segment profit in the quarter was $280 million, down $10 million from the first quarter of 2024. During this year's first quarter, adjusted income from continuing operations was $1.28 per share, compared to $1.20 per share in last year's first quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions reflected a use of cash of $158 million compared to a use of cash of $81 million in last year's first quarter. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Overall, revenues were up 5%, led by Bell, partially offset by lower revenues in industrial. During the quarter, aviation delivered 31 jets and 30 commercial turboprops compared to 36 jets and 20 commercial turboprops in last year's first quarter. Aviation operations continue to improve as the factory progressed toward pre-strike performance levels while ramping production. Textron Aviation's fleet utilization remained strong in the quarter, leading to aftermarket revenue growth of 6%, as compared to last year's first quarter. Aviation announced the sale of seven King Air 260 training aircraft that will be used to train pilots for the Royal Canadian Air Force. In February, the FAA announced certification of the GE Aerospace Catalyst turboprop engine, marking an important milestone for the Beechcraft Denali program. To date, the program has amassed more than 2,700 flight hours and crossed 1,000 flights with three test articles. At Bell, revenues were up $256 million or 35% compared to last year's first quarter, driven by strong growth in both military and commercial product lines. On the military side, execution of the FLARA and strengthened military support programs contributed to significant growth from last year's first quarter. As we progress through the FLARA program, the focus this year includes design maturation and deliverables towards sub and weapon system critical design review, our next major program milestone. On the commercial side, Bell delivered 29 helicopters, up from 18 in last year's first quarter. During the quarter, Bell was awarded a contract for five additional CMV-22 aircraft. This award extends production through 2027. Bell announced a purchase agreement with Air Methods for 15 IFR-configured 407 GXIs and an option for 12 additional aircraft, with deliveries expected to begin later this year. Moving to systems, revenues in the quarter were slightly lower as compared to the prior year, largely resulting from the cancellation of the Shadow program in 2024. Strong execution in the quarter drove a 13.5% segment profit margin, up 10 basis points as compared to last year's first quarter. During the first quarter, systems received a contract valued at up to $100 million from the U.S. Navy for support software development updates for its unmanned mine sweeping operations. Also during the quarter, systems delivered the thirteenth ship-to-shore connector craft to the U.S. Navy. Moving to industrial, we saw lower revenues in the quarter compared to last year's first quarter, consistent with our expectations. The segment profit was essentially unchanged as cost savings from our previous restructuring activities offset the impact of lower revenues on segment profit. Within Specialized Vehicles, we have completed the previously announced strategic review of the Power Sports product line, resulting in the sale of the powersports business, including the Arctic Cat brand and its operations. Also during the quarter, Aviation successfully completed the first hover flight of the Nuva V300, a long-range, large-capacity hybrid-electric VTOL unmanned aircraft. This milestone marks an advancement in the development of sustainable and versatile unmanned aerial systems. With that, I'll turn the call over to David.
David Rosenberg: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. I'll review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues at Textron Aviation of $1.2 billion were up $24 million from February, largely reflecting higher aftermarket revenue of $27 million. Profit was $127 million in the first quarter, down $16 million from a year ago, primarily reflecting the mix of aircraft sold, partially offset by higher aftermarket volume. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $7.9 billion. Moving to Bell, revenues were $983 million, up $256 million from February. The revenue increase in the quarter was driven by higher military revenues of $154 million, primarily due to higher volume from the U.S. Army's FLARA program and military sustainment programs, and higher commercial revenues of $102 million, primarily due to higher volume and mix. Segment profit of $90 million was up $10 million from a year ago, primarily due to higher volume mix of products and services. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $7.1 billion. At Textron Systems, revenues were $290 million, down $10 million from last year's first quarter, largely due to lower volume, which included the impact of the cancellation of the Shadow program in February 2024, partially offset by higher volume for the ship-to-shore connector program. Segment profit of $40 million was up $2 million from last year's first quarter, primarily due to lower research and development costs, partially offset by lower volume. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $2.3 billion. Industrial revenues were $792 million, down $100 million from last year's first quarter, largely due to lower volume and mix. Textron Specialized Vehicles revenues decreased $62 million, reflecting lower volume and mix, primarily in golf, and Kautex revenues decreased $38 million, largely due to lower volume. Segment profit of $30 million was essentially unchanged from the first quarter of 2024, as the impact of lower volume and mix was offset by the benefit of cost reductions from restructuring activities. Textron eAviation segment revenues were $7 million in February. Segment loss was $17 million as compared with a segment loss of $18 million in the first quarter of 2024. Finance segment revenues were $16 million and profit was $10 million in the first quarter of 2025, as compared to segment revenues of $15 million and profit of $18 million in the first quarter of 2024. Moving below segment profit, corporate expenses were $43 million. Net interest expense for the manufacturing group was $25 million. LIFO inventory provision was $29 million. Intangible asset amortization was $8 million. And the non-service component of pension and postretirement income was $66 million. Our adjusted effective tax rate for February was 15.3%. For the full year, we still expect a rate of 18%. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 2.9 million shares, returning $215 million in cash to shareholders. To wrap up with guidance, we are reaffirming our expected full-year adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $6 to $6.20. We also expect full-year manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions to be $800 to $900 million. That concludes our prepared remarks. So, operator, we can open the line for questions.
Emily: Thank you. To ask a question today, you may do so now by pressing star followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. If you change your mind or you feel like your question has already been answered, you can press star followed by the number two to withdraw yourself from the queue. Our first question today comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Robert, please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning. Scott, let me start with you. On the Arctic Cat disposal, congrats on getting that done. Are you considering any further portfolio actions here?
Scott Donnelly: Nothing that we're announcing, Rob. We always look at the portfolio, but we certainly would never pre-announce.
Robert Stallard: Yeah. Okay. And then the other major issue, of course, at the moment is tariffs and the trade war. And I was wondering if you've given any consideration to what the impact could be on the Textron Inc. businesses going forward from here.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Look, I think the tariff issue is one that everybody's talking about. I would say that when you look at our businesses, first of all, our largest businesses in the aviation space, whether it's fixed-wing or rotorcraft, and we are principally a North American manufacturer. The vast majority of that manufacturing is in the United States. Certainly, we have operations in Mexico and in Canada. The good news is that with USMCA compliance, we're not having tariffs as things are crossing over that border. We do have quite a process that we're sort of in the middle of just going through and validating USMCA compliance. I think so far we've seen to be in very good shape. We haven't seen a tariff impact in terms of anything moving amongst our North American operations. You look at the Kautex business, as you know, we have manufacturing operations all around the world. You need to be close to those OEMs. But as a result, all those products that we manufacture in different regions around the world are consumed in those regions around the world. So we're not subjected to tariffs on any of that. Certainly, in all of our businesses, we do have some parts and suppliers that are either in Europe or in Asia. But so far, the impact of that has been pretty de minimis. And I think we'll just continue to monitor that as the situation evolves. But at this point, we certainly don't see it as being something that's a material impact to the company.
Robert Stallard: That's great. Excellent.
Emily: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Sheila, please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you. Morning, Scott and David. And, David, I just want to say congratulations on keeping up with the eight-minute typescript that Scott and Frank have. So congrats on that.
David Rosenberg: Thank you.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Scott, maybe first one on Bell, just really outstanding performance there. Revenue is up 35% equally split between military and commercial. You think about the puts and takes on maybe the FLARA revenue contribution and profitability from here?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. So, Sheila, I think we had a very big increase obviously on a Q1 to Q1 basis. We did have very strong performance in terms of deliveries on the commercial helicopter side, but we also had a very large increase on the FLARA program. Q1 was sort of still early in the program. Obviously, we're full run at this point. It's not only our internal level of activity, but a lot more suppliers on board as we're starting to issue drawings and get things on purchase authorizations and actually start to build first parts in many cases. So we're seeing a real step function. I do still believe if you look at FLARA on a year-over-year basis, it's probably going to be up 20% or so. So it will be a contributor through the course of the year. I think the margins are roughly in line with where we guided. I think that'll be relatively consistent through the course of the year. As we see a large mix of the FLARA program driving a lot of the growth and commercial helicopters. OEM deliveries, as you know, tend to be a little bit dilutive to our overall margin rate. But I think all in all, Bell had a great quarter, and we would expect to continue to see nice growth and solid performance through the balance of the year.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Can I also ask on industrial how the Arctic Cat and certain product line sales impact revenues and profitability for the remainder of the year?
Scott Donnelly: Yeah. So we'll be down a little bit on revenue. When we did the guide, we assumed first quarter, which obviously revenue in line with what we expected here in Q1. We did have some revenue through the balance of the year in expectation that we would need to run this as an aftermarket business. Obviously, as a result of the sale, which was really our desired outcome, we won't have that revenue in the next three quarters, but it's pretty de minimis. So I think we'll still be in the guide range on the revenue side and probably have a little bit movement towards the upper end of the guide in terms of margin.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Thank you.
Emily: Thank you. Our next question comes from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Noah, please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Scott Donnelly: Morning, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Scott, maybe you could just talk about the demand environment in the private jet market. Obviously, it's hard to predict the future, but in the past when we've had macro concerns, we've at least seen some pause in orders. Your Q1 book-to-bill was still pretty healthy even though the equity market highs were early March. But, you know, April 2 was the quarter ended. So I know it's never super useful to break it apart month by month, but just curious to what you're seeing and hearing from your customers.
Scott Donnelly: No. I mean, look, I think as you point out, anytime there's a great deal of uncertainty in the world, you can see some folks pause a little bit. And we're not seeing a dramatic impact. There's still order activity in flow that's happening, which I think is encouraging. And I do think part of it, Noah, is the fact that, unlike the last decade or so when you have uncertainty or a ripple in the system, it's easy for people to say, well, just I'll wait till next quarter. I think the backlog situation helps people say, okay. Look. I'm talking about an aircraft. It's going to deliver eighteen months from now. So I think that's, you know, it's a different dynamic, you know, when you're thinking about deliveries that are out eighteen months to two years even, as opposed to, you know, do I do it this quarter or next quarter? So yes, some customers are taking a pause, but other customers are continuing with order activity. And I think we still feel like the demand environment is solid and we continue to press on.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And then maybe you could just give us your updated plan on production and delivery growth through the rest of the year as you continue to recover from the strike but have demand to deliver more airplanes?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Look, I think we will see the ramp continue as we guided originally. We expected the first half to be a little bit lighter on the margin rate because you had a lot of disruption still kind of working its way through. And, you know, aircraft that were part built last year and still getting delivered through the first half of this year. So I still think we're very confident in where we guided and we'll see these couple of hundred basis points below our guide here in the early part of the year and make up for that in the back half. The encouraging part is, as we leave the quarter, the metrics that our teams track around productivity and attrition and earned hours and, you know, all those sorts of metrics that Ron and his guys drive every day. You know, leaving the quarter, you know, we're getting back to kind of where we were in the pre-strike. So I would say that we do feel very comfortable that we've recovered from that disruption. And those aircraft that we're now manufacturing, you know, largely which will deliver in, you know, in the half of the year are seeing the impacts of the productivity and efficiencies that we expected. So that model of sort of a ramp through the course of the year and improving margins, particularly in the back half, I think, is going to be what we're going to see.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thank you.
Emily: Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Arment with Baird. Please go ahead, Peter.
Peter Arment: Yeah. Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, Scott and Dave.
Scott Donnelly: Hey, Scott. Good to hear from you.
Peter Arment: On the continuing resolution, I know you had limited new starts in the first half, but now we've got a full-year CR. Any impacts from that on systems or any of the other businesses?
Scott Donnelly: Well, you know, that's a good question, Peter. I would say that in general, no. So when you look at this full-year CR, which is obviously a very unusual situation, there were quite a few so-called amendments to that that provided specific guidance that allowed programs to increase. FLARA is a good example. That was in there at the number that we always expected in terms of the appropriation process. So that's why you're seeing this ramp on the FLARA side. I think we're in good shape there. Similarly, on ship-to-shore connector, the next tranche of craft was in that number. And so that's, you know, we're in the process of getting that added to the contract, working with the Navy in sort of real-time here. Other programs, look, money was appropriated in that FY '25, so it's there. So we're hoping to understand final resolution here on things like RCV and FQAS later on in the year. But the good news is, generally speaking, order flow contract activity in systems has been looking pretty good so far.
Peter Arment: That's great to hear. And then just a quick follow-up on aviation, just the latest on Denali. I saw the GE engine, you know, certainly certified in February. How's the rest of the program going?
Scott Donnelly: Yeah. I'd say the rest of the program is going very well, Peter. The last milestone of getting the engine certified is hugely important to us. You know, as you guys know, as we saw delays on that side of the program, it would always continue to reflect this program. But in terms of all the formalities, we would kind of put other things in front of it, like send some of these, you know, Gen 2s on CJ3s and things like that. So I would say we have Denali back in the queue here in terms of working through the balance of certification. As always said, the good news is this issue around the engine with a certification challenging, but the performance has been very, very good. So the aircraft is flying really, really well. We're thrilled with it. And, you know, we're sort of back in the queue now with the FAA, and we'll be working through the aircraft level certification.
Peter Arment: Appreciate the details. Thanks.
Emily: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Strauss with Barclays. David, please go ahead.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Morning.
David Strauss: Hey, Scott. You talked about the Kautex, no real tariff impact given the localized production. But how do you think about the demand environment for Kautex given what's going on with tariffs?
Scott Donnelly: Yeah, David. Like, that's a good question. And, you know, if there's any risk to a lot of the stuff in general, economically, it's more snow than tariffs. It is what happens to macro demand. We try not to, we don't generally, you know, forecast on that. We kind of follow IHS. As you know, it's one of the only business really where we're not the end market guy. So I don't have any crystal ball to pontificate on what's going to happen to the global automotive markets. But the Q1 numbers were in line consistent with what we have expected. So far that's true in Q2, but what happens to global automotive demand is, you know, I suppose anybody's guess. And we obviously will roll with that one way or the other.
David Strauss: Okay. And, Dave, I mean, can you, it sounds like industrial margin may be a little bit higher. Can you maybe just walk us through if there are any other moving pieces relative to the original guide, maybe corporate to the corporate's a little bit lower than what you thought for the year. If there's anything else we should know.
David Rosenberg: No. I mean, I think we would still expect corporate expense to normalize through the year, so we'll maintain our guide of $160 million. Interest expense will continue to trend up slightly throughout the year as we expected. Just based on the turnover of our debt at a higher interest rate and we expect a lower cash on hand, which generates interest income. On industrial, you know, I'd say the sequencing remains the same. We talked about, you know, as the year went on, you know, the restructuring impact will continue to take effect, and we're starting to see that. So you'll see, you know, some sequential growth in the overall industrial number as we go through the rest of the year. And then as Scott said, you know, a slight benefit as a result of the transaction with Arctic Cat that we announced today.
David Strauss: Okay. Are there any proceeds from the Power Sports divestiture? And are you holding on to that aftermarket piece? Or did that go as well?
David Rosenberg: The aftermarket piece went with the business and there were some small proceeds that were immaterial. That will be in the Q2 results.
David Strauss: Thank you.
David Rosenberg: Sure.
Emily: Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead, Seth.
Alex: Yeah. Hey, guys. This is Alex on for Seth. You know, maybe I wanted to kind of ask a follow-up, you know, regarding demand that you guys have kind of seen in aviation. You know, I understand you guys kind of pointed to that there hasn't really been any major changes, but, you know, maybe to put a finer point on it and kind of address, I guess, the fractional slash, you know, NetJets sides of things. Curious if you guys kind of have any color you could add on that, whether you've maybe seen any changes in kind of data customer behavior. You know, typically, think of them as a little bit more macro sensitive. So, you know, curious if you guys could kind of maybe provide, you know, some color there.
Scott Donnelly: No. I guess we don't normally try to provide NetJets guide. I mean, we're still, I mean, NetJets is still taking deliveries of aircraft and NetJets is still putting, you know, new aircraft on order. So I guess I probably won't give a lot of color as far as the NetJets, you know, fractional end market, but certainly order activity continues, deliveries continue. So I wouldn't break that out as a specific, you know, item one way or the other.
Alex: Okay. Understood. And then maybe as a quick follow-up, maybe if we could get kind of an update on how things are trending more recently in the supply chain with regards to aviation? I know you guys talked about, you know, an expected improvement in labor productivity following the strike as well. Is everything there kind of trending towards expectations?
Scott Donnelly: Yeah. I would say that we still feel very good about where the supply chain side is at aviation. I think that certainly that's one of the factors driving the improvements in productivity. We don't see nearly as much out-of-station work. Parts are there, so the flow is much cleaner. That clearly helps to drive the productivity side. Our attrition rates are also down. So, you know, in terms of training and disruption, new people coming in, we're about the level of employment that we need to, you know, to execute on the plan. I mean, obviously, there's always a certain amount of hiring going on with retirements and things of that nature. But, yeah, I would say that the parts situation at aviation is where we expect it to be. It's in much, much better shape than it's been in a long time. There are always, as you can imagine, supply chain issues that pop up. There always have been. Issues that pop up periodically. But I'd say at a macro level, supply chain at aviation is in good shape. And our workforce situation is in good shape. And that's what I think will help to drive that improvement in both the volume and the productivity efficiencies and therefore margins as we go through the balance of the year.
Alex: Cool. Thank you, guys.
Emily: Sure. Thank you. Our next question comes from Myles Walton with Wolfe Research. Myles, please go ahead.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning. I'm wondering on systems backlog, it looks like it declined sequentially about in line with your sales. And so maybe, Scott, back to Rob's question or maybe it was Peter's question on the demand in the defense complex. What, if anything, was ordered there, and did you have any debook that caused the decline?
Scott Donnelly: No. There were no debooks, guys. I mean, we don't usually go into much detail on the systems backlog. It tends to be very lumpy. Right? Because it aligns with, you know, contract awards. You know, so I mean, I talked frankly about, you know, ship-to-shore is a good example. Right? I mean, that was in the CR. We're in the process of negotiating with the Navy, but that number that won't go into backlog until, you know, we've definitized, you know, that contract. So it tends to be very lumpy, and I wouldn't read anything, you know, one way or the other into that system's backlog.
Myles Walton: Okay. On the cash flow statement, could you give some color as to the larger use of cash and operating cash flow from the other category? What was that?
David Rosenberg: Yeah. There's really two components. Some additional inventory build at Aviation that will normalize throughout the year and then just some payment timing at Bell from Q1 to Q2 around some government programs. But nothing really unexpected in either of those. And we will look at on the payment timing with Bell, we'll get those receipts in Q2.
Myles Walton: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Emily: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky with Citigroup. Please go ahead, Jason.
Jason Gursky: Yeah. Good morning, Scott. I wanted to ask you a quick question about the defense businesses. Both at Bell and Navy Systems. You know, we're clearly hearing a lot from DOD that the future is going to include a lot more unmanned autonomous and attritable systems. I'm just kind of curious what you're seeing, both on the demand side and whether there are new programs of record that are being stood up or whether there's an increased usage of OTAs and we've got some nontraditional actors that are coming in and garnering some wins, you know, utilizing some products that they've developed that are unmanned, autonomous, and attritable, and kind of how your company is responding to this new vector in demand and what that means for R&D and contract types that you might be working on in the future? I'm just kind of curious if there's going to be a bit more IRAD here and for fixed-price contracts going forward. Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. So I guess I would say with respect to unmanned, without a doubt, there's a continued focus in that area. Obviously, things like FQAS are on the horizon, which is all unmanned. I would say that even when you look at FLARA, you know, it's a manned platform, but there are certainly missions where you don't want 12 guys in the back going into an assault insertion, but relocations and different missions, there might be places where they want that. So certainly, one of the requirements on a new platform like that is that it needs to have the capability to perform autonomously. You may recall, good news is we flew the actual original V-280, you know, with safety pilots, obviously. But we flew that on an autonomous mission many years ago. So ensuring that the capabilities in these platforms for either optionally or unmanned capabilities are just becoming very, very standard. In terms of other activities out there, look, we've talked in the past about our high-speed VTOL program. I think we're working with the military, sort of what are the next steps of that. So certainly, when you look at technology that's still in that DARPA, you know, slash, you know, sort of special operations, there's activity there, which again is very focused on unmanned capability, you know, whether that's in the CCAs or contested logistics, continue to be a focus, and we're participating in that area. So there's no question that unmanned platforms of all types are going to continue to be a focus area. When you look at remote combat vehicle, right, again, there's an area where we've invested for the better part of a decade for, you know, autonomous land vehicles as well. And, of course, we have our custody programs and, you know, things which we continue to support and unmanned mine sweeping. So as a company, we have a lot of different programs everywhere from production to, you know, working, you know, with the DARPAs of the world on unmanned platforms. So it will be a continued focal point, and I think we're in a very good place. In terms of contract type, I guess I would say that I continue to see the trend being that when you're in production, that the military will lean towards fixed-price contracts and frankly, we're fine with that. You know, when you have a crushing product, you understand it. You know what? I think it's in everyone's interest to try to drive fixed-price contracting. But in most development activity, FLARA is a good example, when you're in the EMD phase, you know, you're largely cost-plus. Most of these other contract types, you know, where you're working with, you know, earlier development even if it's developmental, they're tending to stay to the cost-plus, you know, or best effort, you know, kinds of contracting.
Jason Gursky: Right. Okay. That's helpful. I just kind of as a follow-up, one of the things you didn't mention there is attritable systems. I'm just kind of curious on the munitions side or, you know, attritable mass seems to be a phrase that we hear quite a bit coming out of DOD these days. I'm just from a product perspective, what does that mean to you, and is it an area that's of interest to you?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we have some areas in the classified space and IRAD space that are looking at, you know, attritable. I guess most of the stuff for sure that I just mentioned are sort of platforms or derivations of platforms that are certainly much higher dollar value. So those would not fall into desire for those to be attritable. But that's not been our historical focus, but for sure, there are some smaller programs that we're executing that would be more along that attritable line.
Jason Gursky: Great. Appreciate the color.
Emily: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, Kristine.
Kristine Liwag: Hey. Good morning, everyone. On Bell, we saw a nice positive uptick in commercial helicopter deliveries in the quarter. Can you talk about the demand environment, customer profile, pricing, and whether you'd expect this strength to continue?
Scott Donnelly: Look, I would say on the Bell commercial side, the demand is solid. I mean, our order activity is good. It's across pretty much all of our models, all of our product lines, everything from the 505 up through the 412s. As you know, we have our initial 525s booked. We just signed a deal with Omni to get 525 out into their routes to do route proving. So I would say pretty much across the board, whether it's paramilitary, border patrol, medical, oil and gas, you know, we're seeing strong demand across pretty much all of the helicopter product lines.
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thanks. And, Scott, if I could add another one on business jets, I mean, on aviation. Historically, we've seen a strong correlation of US investment spending and demand for medium-sized business jets. And with this administration focused on bringing manufacturing back to the US, are you seeing any early indication of increased demand from corporate clients who may want to reshore manufacturing or anything like that?
Scott Donnelly: No, as I said, I think we're, you know, we continue to see a strong, you know, demand environment. I don't know if I know how to correlate that to, you know, a company that's bringing reshoring per se. But I would say, you know, in general, despite, you know, despite the fact that there's a great deal of uncertainty and without a doubt, the tariff situation is helping create some uncertainty. But I think most companies in the mid to long term feel pretty good about, you know, where things are and, I mean, what tax policy obviously is hugely important. That doesn't get talked about here a lot just because of all the other things that are going on. But I think most people view the mid to long term as a favorable environment. So I think that's part probably what's driving that is reshoring and growth, you know, in the US. Helping that? It could be. I know that I have any, you know, anecdotal that would say, hey. This particular company who's reshoring is talking about a jet. But it's a good environment.
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thank you.
Emily: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gavin Parsons with UBS. Please go ahead.
Joel Santos: Hi, Scott and David. This is Joel Santos for Gavin Parsons from UBS. Given the current demand environment for business jets, can you give us some more color on how net pricing and performance have been year to date? And if those align with your expectation for 2025?
Scott Donnelly: Well, as I said, I think the environment for biz jets, you know, remains solid. Our order activity, you know, continues to flow. You saw that in the first quarter in terms of book-to-bill. And as I said earlier, I think you'll have some people that will take a brief pause here just for some of the uncertainty, but given the nature of the backlog and the overall, I think people's longer-term economic outlook, we continue to see, you know, good order activity.
Joel Santos: And on aviation aftermarket, can you guys give us some more color on the strategy in place for continuing to grow the segment? And how that's impacting the overall profitability?
Scott Donnelly: Oh, okay. The aftermarket business was up 6%, you know, in the quarter, which is good growth. So we see flying hours, you know, stays robust. So our service centers are busy. Parts flow into the aftermarket is obviously strong. So, you know, that's a really important part of our overall company. As you guys know, we serve in a huge installed base. And that's largely driven by, you know, by flying and people are flying.
Joel Santos: Perfect. Thank you.
Emily: Our next question comes from Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Ron Epstein: Yeah. Hey. Good morning, guys. Changing gears a little bit. With the electric aviation segment, is there opportunity to take some of the technology you guys are developing in there and, like, moving it over to some of your other aircraft, like, for example, an electrified caravan?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Ron, you know, there's a number of companies out there that are electrifying caravans. It's been sort of one of the preferred choices frankly for folks, you know, that are working in that space because it has just such a huge useful load. Right? So to the extent that you have a penalty in terms of battery weight and stuff like that, a caravan can absorb an awful lot of weight and still provide, you know, really good performance with a good payload and still, you know, hundreds of miles of range even with a lot of battery load. So caravans have actually been used by a lot of companies as test beds for this activity. So now again, where that goes and, you know, is it the right answer or do you have a hybridized version of it? You know, that, I think, is all still, you know, to be determined. But, you know, for sure, Caravan is one where, you know, you can electrify. People have electrified caravans, and we work to support those companies. We're not doing that ourselves. We're working, you know, with those guys to support their efforts, you know, towards ultimately, hopefully, certification where you would have an electrified caravan.
Ron Epstein: Now if there's meat on that bone, is that a market you'd want to get into? I guess that's what I'm getting at. Right? Like, given that you have in-house technology anyway.
Scott Donnelly: Yeah. I mean, we're, well, I mean, I won't run all the gory details here. But, I mean, you know, a couple of companies we've worked with, you know, we do have arrangements where, you know, let's say, they're doing the work. We're supporting them and providing information. They would own, let's say, a supplemental type certification that would let you take a caravan and modify it, you know, to put it into service as an electrified aircraft. And, you know, and we have the ability to take that and incorporate that, you know, STC basically into our production line. So if we see sufficient volume, sufficient demand, we would absolutely look at incorporating that and turning that into a production product.
Ron Epstein: Got it. Got it. And then maybe just one last one changing gears. Nobody's really asked much about the M&A front. Is there much out there? I mean, you guys are looking at stuff. Defense tech seems to be a space where there's a lot of interest in kind of, you know, software-driven hardware and that kind of thing. Are you guys thinking about anything like that? Or if you just give us a broader feel about how you're thinking about the current M&A environment?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Ron. Look. I mean, we continue to look all the time. You know, we've been in a number of deals, but, you know, we do look at what are the multiples look like, you know, what are the earnings look like, and is it something that we can do that would be accretive? And if it's something that we thought we could get a price point where it's accretive, we would absolutely, you know, entertain adding things like that. You know, obviously, particularly in our A&D space. But, you know, look, I mean, things maybe here are a little rocky with some of the uncertainty in the world, but, you know, jeez, a lot of these deals were just kind of a little bit on the nutty side in terms of, you know, multiples and not something that we thought could be accretive for our shareholder.
Ron Epstein: Got it. Very cool. Thank you.
Emily: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global. Please go ahead.
Pete Skibitski: Good morning, guys. Hey, Scott. The release stated that and I think you might have mentioned that Bell military sustainment volume was up year over year. Can you talk about where that's coming from? I assume maybe it's H1 and V22. I don't know if weighted one way or another. But can you talk about that and maybe if that's sustainable or if it was just a timing thing?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Pete. Now look. You're right. I mean, it is the legacy platforms. So H1 and V22, you know, we continue to have ongoing contracting activity with parts, with PBLs, and, you know, things of that nature. So, you know, that, as you know, is always also a little bit lumpy. Right? We often find ourselves in a situation, you know, where we're out there building, you know, because we know the demand is there, and then just contracting takes a while. And so, you know, when those contracts get definitized, you know, stuff that we have that would move from, you know, company-funded, you know, long lead gets put up against that, you know, that contract. So you always do have a little bit of lumpiness, but, yes, it's related to H1 and V22 programs, but I expect that to continue to be there. You know, these aircraft are flown, you know, every day, and they generate a lot of aftermarket demand, and we expect to continue to support that for many, many, many years to come.
Pete Skibitski: Okay. And then just I just want to follow-up on Jason's comment earlier question earlier about unmanned but sticking kind of to the unmanned surface vehicle area where you've participated in the past with the CUSB, and I think you guys announced the Tsunami family. I just want to ask, you know, is this a marketplace on the USB side that's really, you know, growing rapidly? You mentioned you dropped in classified earlier in your comments, and I ask because I think there's been a couple of startups that have emerged out of stealth mode fairly recently with some money behind them. And so I'm just wondering if this is an area on the surface side that's really kind of poised to grow or if you're, you know, maybe more balanced type of a view and you think it's going to be a few more years of experimentation before we see something bear out there.
Scott Donnelly: Well, look. Yeah. I do think it's growing. I think, you know, the analogy I would go back to when you think about early days of unmanned aircraft systems. The proliferation of those missions and different types and whatnot has grown dramatically from just ISR to weaponization. Obviously, you've got very long-range, high-alpha stuff. You got very tactical all the way down to almost micro, you know, versions of these systems. So I think you're seeing the same thing happen in the unmanned surface vessel area. Obviously, we've been a player in this from the very, very early days of it. With CUSB, it's not surprising that the first applications, you know, that everyone knows of that are out there are around mine hunting. It's just a place you'd like not to be as a person when you're out there doing mine hunting operations. So, you know, whether it's sweeping or an addiction, you know, that's an area that we've played. We continue to do that. We work very closely with the Navy and have for quite some time in supporting that mission and also supporting now, you know, the integration of new platforms onto those sorts of craft. I think they have a roadmap that shows more craft of different types and different missions going into the future. We're working with them on that. All the way to the extreme. And, you know, you mentioned a few, you know, as something like Tsunami, right, which is sort of in that attritable, you know, higher volume, lower cost, again, with different, you know, mission payloads, you know, going forward. And that's a good example. Everybody talks about sort of these new companies. Well, putting money behind it. We've been putting money behind this for a very long time, and we have programs to show for it. So, you know, these things do take investment upfront for sure. But I think Tsunami is a good example. It shows, you know, you can go compete with all these new upstart companies and we actually won because we too have put a lot of money behind this and invested, you know, in future applications.
Pete Skibitski: Great. Thanks for the color.
Emily: Sure. Thank you. We have no further questions, and so this concludes today's call. Thank you, everyone, for your participation. A replay will be available until Thursday, May 1 at 11:59 PM Eastern Time. You can access the replay by dialing the United States local number (929) 458-6194 and use the access code 826596. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-22 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Textron Q4 2024 Earnings Release Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, you will have the opportunity to ask questions during the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Now, at this time, I'll turn things over to Mr. Dave Rosenberg, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Dave Rosenberg: Thanks, Bo, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Revenues in the quarter were $3.6 billion, down from $3.9 billion in last year's fourth quarter. Segment profit in the quarter was $283 million, down $101 million from the fourth quarter of 2023. During this year's fourth quarter, adjusted income from continuing operations was $1.34 per share compared to $1.60 per share in last year's fourth quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions totaled $306 million in the quarter, down $74 million from last year's fourth quarter. For the full year, revenues were $13.7 billion, up $19 million from last year. In 2024, segment profit was $1.2 billion, down $127 million from 2023. Adjusted income from continuing operations was $5.48 per share as compared to $5.59 per share in 2023. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $692 million, down $239 million from 2023. With that, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, David. Good morning, everyone. 2024 results were impacted by work stoppage at Aviation and difficult end markets in our Industrial segment. During the quarter, Aviation reached an agreement with the IAM on a new five-year contract. While the strike was unfortunate, we did take this opportunity to significantly improve our parts flow to the production line which we expect will reduce our out-of-station work and improve efficiency going forward. Aviation saw steady customer demand continue in the quarter, supported by our new product launches and our portfolio resulted in a year-end backlog of $7.8 billion, an increase of $676 million from 2023. In December, Aviation secured an order from Naval Air Systems Command for an additional 26 multi-engine training system, Beechcraft King Air 260s. Also in the quarter, Aviation continued to expand the global market for its versatile twin-engine large utility turboprop, the Cessna SkyCourier, achieving type certification by the Transport Canada Civil Aviation. During 2024, steady aircraft utilization within the Textron Aviation product portfolio resulted in a 6.3% growth in aftermarket revenues. At Bell, in 2024, we saw significant growth with the continued expansion of the FLRAA program, largely driving a 13.7% increase in revenues for the year. During the quarter, Bell received a follow on award for the FLRAA program as the US Army exercised Option 2, an option for two limited user test aircraft. On the commercial side, Bell continued to see steady order activity in 2024. For the year, Bell delivered 172 commercial helicopters compared to 171 in 2023. Moving to Systems, the team delivered another strong quarter with a 13.5% segment profit margin. During the quarter, Systems completed Options 3 and 4 of the Future Tactical Uncrewed Aircraft System Program with the delivery of a production representative system to the US Army in December. Also during the quarter, Systems received an award from the Naval Sea Systems Command for the next production lot of nine ship-to-shore connector crafts with a total contract value of $960 million. Systems was also awarded a contract value of up to $106 million for Mine Sweeping Payload Delivery Systems from the US Navy to support its minesweeping operations. At Industrial, the segment experienced lower revenues and operating profit in the quarter, primarily driven by the ongoing softness in specialized vehicles and markets. We are in the process of conducting a strategic review of our PowerSports product line. At eAviation, Pipistrel delivered 42 aircraft during the fourth quarter and 120 aircraft for the full year while continuing our investment in electric and hybrid aviation platforms. Despite the challenges faced in 2024 at Aviation and Industrial, the company exited the year well positioned for future growth in the Aerospace and Defense businesses with strong order activity generating total company backlog of $17.9 billion, up $4 billion from 2023. On the new product front at NBAA in October, Aviation announced a significant advancement in aviation technology with the Gen3 platform upgrades to the M2, CJ3, and CJ4 aircraft, adding Garmin Emergency Autoland along with other avionics and aircraft enhancements. During the year, we continued to make progress on the Citation Ascend and Beechcraft Denali development programs. Ascend has logged over 700 hours of flight testing, while Denali finished the year having logged over 2,500 hours of flight testing. At Bell, the US Army announced approval of Milestone B in August for the FLRAA program. Bell is now executing on the engineering and manufacturing development phase of the program and progressing towards the first prototype aircraft build. Bell's H1 and V22 military program highlights include an FMS award for the production and delivery of 12 AH-1 Zulu helicopters to Nigeria and over $1 billion in sustainment awards on the H1 and V22 programs. On the commercial side, Bell saw steady demand throughout the year, including its first 525 helicopter order for 10 units to Equinor, the Norwegian state energy company. In 2024, Textron Systems made significant progress on several key pursuits. On the US Army's Robotic Command Vehicle development program, Systems announced the delivery of two Ripsaw M3 prototype vehicles to the Army for Phase 1 of the competitive development effort, ahead of a downselect expected in the first half of 2025. As part of the XM-30 program, Team Lynx advanced to the detailed design phase that is expected to conclude with a critical design review in the first half of 2025. On the Advanced Reconnaissance Vehicle program, Systems continued its development work as one of two vendors selected to design, develop, and manufacture a 30-millimeter autocannon prototype variant for expected delivery in 2025. Moving to FTUAS, Systems has fulfilled its contractual delivery commitments as waiting -- awaiting decision on a final downselect for a production award on the competitive program by the US Army in the second half of 2025. Systems also secured the next production contract award for the Ship-to-Shore Connector and expanded maritime airside operations with the US Navy. Moving to Industrial, throughout the year, we continued to focus on our cost structure to offset challenging end markets. At eAviation, Pipistrel was granted an airworthiness exemption by the FAA for its Velis Electro Trainer, which allows US flight schools to use the aircraft in certified pilot training programs. During the year, eAviation acquired Amazilia Aerospace, the developer of digital flight controls, flight guidance, and vehicle management systems for both manned and unmanned aircraft. Looking to 2025, at Aviation, we're projecting growth driven by increased deliveries across all product lines and higher aftermarket volume with improved productivity and manufacturing efficiency. Moving to Bell, we expect revenue growth driven by the FLRAA program and higher commercial volume. At Systems, we expect low single-digit revenue growth with strong margins as we continue to pursue new program opportunities. In our Industrial segment, we are projecting lower revenues, largely driven by the suspension of powersports production at TSV and lower automotive volume at Caltex and expect cost reductions to drive improvement in segment profit margin for 2025. At eAviation, we plan to continue our investment in the development of new hybrid and electric technologies for manned and unmanned aviation platforms. With this overall backdrop, we're projecting revenues of about $14.7 billion, up 7% from 2024 for Textron's 2025 fiscal year. We're projecting adjusted EPS in the range of $6 to $6.20. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions is expected to be in the range of $800 million to $900 million. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues at Textron Aviation of $1.3 billion were down $242 million from the fourth quarter of 2023, reflecting lower volume and mix of $282 million, which was principally a result of production disruptions related to the strike. Segment profit was $100 million in the fourth quarter, down $93 million from a year ago, primarily due to lower volume mix and manufacturing inefficiencies, which included idle facility costs and higher costs associated with the labor disruption resulting from the strike. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $7.8 billion, up $219 million from the prior quarter. Moving to Bell. Revenues were $1.1 billion, up $58 million from last year's fourth quarter, reflecting higher military and support program revenues of $67 million, primarily due to higher volume on the FLRAA program, partially offset by lower volume on the V-22 program. Segment profit of $110 million was down $8 million from a year ago, primarily driven by mix as lower volume on the V-22 program offset higher volume on the FLRAA program. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $7.5 billion. At Textron Systems, revenues were $311 million, down $3 million from last year's fourth quarter. Segment profit of $42 million was up $7 million from last year's fourth quarter. Backlog in this segment ended the quarter at $2.6 billion. Industrial revenues were $869 million, down $92 million from last year's fourth quarter, largely reflecting lower volume. Segment profit of $48 million was down $9 million from the fourth quarter of 2023, reflecting lower volume and mix and inflation, partially offset by manufacturing efficiencies and lower selling and administrative expense, largely due to cost reduction activities. Textron eAviation segment revenues were $11 million in the fourth quarter of 2024, with a segment loss of $22 million, largely associated with research and development expense on new products. Finance segment revenues were $11 million and the profit was $5 million in the fourth quarter of 2024. Moving below segment profit, corporate expenses were $17 million. Net interest expense for the manufacturing group was $21 million. LIFO inventory provision was $80 million. And tangible asset amortization was $8 million. And the non-service components of pension and post-retirement income were $65 million. In December, we announced a strategic review of our PowerSports product line within the industrial segment that resulted in additional restructuring actions. With these actions, we recorded total pre-tax special charges of $53 million and an inventory valuation charge of $38 million in the fourth quarter. Our manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $306 million in the quarter. For the year, manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions totaled $692 million, down $239 million from the prior year. In the quarter, we repurchased approximately 2.8 million shares, returning $232 million in cash to shareholders. For the full year, we repurchased approximately 12.9 million shares, returning $1.1 billion in cash to shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call over to David.
Dave Rosenberg: Thank you, Frank. Turning now to our 2025 outlook on Slide 7. We're expecting adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $6 to $6.20. We're also expecting manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions to be about $800 million to $900 million. Moving to segment outlook on Slide 8 and beginning with Textron Aviation. We're expecting revenues of about $6.1 billion. Segment margin is expected to be in a range of 12% to 13%. Looking to Bell, we expect revenues of about $4 billion. We're forecasting a margin in a range of 8.5% to 9.5%. At Systems, we're estimating revenues of about $1.3 billion with a margin in a range of 12% to 13%. At Industrial, we are expecting segment revenues of about $3.2 billion and margin to be in a range of about 4.5% to 5.5%. At eAviation, we expect revenues of $45 million and a segment loss of $70 million, reflecting our continued investment in sustainable aviation solutions. At Finance, we are forecasting segment profit of about $25 million. Looking at Slide 9, we're projecting about $160 million of corporate expense. We're also projecting about $130 million of net interest expense for the manufacturing group, $165 million of LIFO inventory provision, $35 million of intangible asset amortization, and $265 million of non-service pension income. We expect a full-year effective tax rate of approximately 18%. Turning to Slide 10, R&D is expected to be about $500 million, up from $491 million last year. We're estimating CapEx will be about $425 million, up from $364 million in 2024. Our outlook assumes an average share count of about 184 million shares in 2025. That concludes our prepared remarks. So, operator, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first this morning to Sheila Kahyaoglu of Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning, Scott, Frank, and David. Maybe, Scott, if you could start off with the Aviation guidance. Can we talk about the 2025 deliveries? I think it's implied around 190 deliveries versus 151 in 2024. Can you talk about the quarterly cadence of jet deliveries as well as maybe turboprops just given the Q4 delivery number?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I do think that the numbers obviously will ramp up through the course of the year. Sheila, we're recovering. I'd say the factors are getting back to -- towards full operation coming out of the strike. We will continue as we have been for some time, expanding our production capacity as we go through the year. And that's largely driven by parts, which I think were in fairly good shape, and ramping up the workforce. And again, I would say early signs coming out of the contract agreement, we're seeing a little more stability in the workforce, which is good, and that should enable us to see that ramp on the -- over the course of the year. As we talked about in the last call, we're probably going to see also a significant progression in terms of margins as we go through the year. We will have a lot of deliveries here in the first quarter that would have been 2024 deliveries. So obviously, they're priced at 2024 levels. So, I would expect to see both volume and margin progress through the course of the year.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Maybe if I could just follow up on the margin ramp, can you talk about that bridge as we think about the 7.8% exit rate for Q4 for Aviation, how we think about that progressing, and the contributors to that?
Scott Donnelly: Well, for sure the 7.8% is an anomaly, right? I mean we had obviously unusually low volumes with the strike affecting a third or more of the quarter, And certainly we took an inefficient current period expense with all of our overhead that wasn't burdened. We couldn't burden on volume. So, 7.8% is certainly an anomaly. I would expect, as you think about us going through the year, it will see progression. If you look at the guide, obviously we're probably 1 to 200 basis points probably below the guide and probably finishing up more like 100 basis points to 200 basis points above the guide as you progress through the year to get to that average.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Peter Arment of Baird.
Peter Arment: Yes. Good morning, Scott, David and Frank. Frank, good luck with your retirement. Thanks for all your help over the years.
Frank Connor: Thank you.
Peter Arment: Could you talk a little bit about the, Scott, just, or David, maybe you want to weigh in on just the, your outlook for cash flow for the year, just given the earnings you're projecting, which is obviously a pretty nice snapback. Just some of the moving parts, it seems, maybe it was a little lower than we were estimating, but maybe we didn't have all the inputs, but thanks?
Scott Donnelly: Well, again, it will progress through the year. The cash was obviously in Q4 lighter than we normally have. That's largely reflective of a lot of inventory that was at Aviation for jets that didn't deliver in Q4. So we'll see our normal relatively light cash in Q1 and that will grow over the course of the year, but I think we're pretty confident we'll be in that $800 million -- $900 million range, but as is normal, it will be more back-end loaded.
Peter Arment: Okay. Appreciate that. And then maybe just, Scott, in general, I know Sheila talked about Aviation. And maybe you just talk about, I mean, you obviously have very strong bookings in refreshed product lines, obviously drawing a lot of new interest. Just -- maybe just if you want to highlight just what you're seeing on the demand environment, whether it's broad-based or any particular markets that are stronger than others? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Peter. Look, it's been pretty much across the product line. I think we feel like we're in pretty good shape. The demand and order activity across every model has been good. We saw some very strong demand, obviously in that light jet with the Gen3 announcements. So that was very, very well received by customers. So we, in particular, had a very strong quarter in sort of that CJ3, CJ4 product line. But again, it's been pretty strong in most of the portfolio. And I think we, just given where customers are and the level of activity and the level of dialog, I think we'll continue to see a sustained demand through the course of the year. Again, we're probably looking at a one-to-one book-to-bill just because we think that's about where things ought to land, given the lead times of where most availabilities are for our different products. So one-to-one is what we're baked into our basic plan.
Peter Arment: Appreciate all the color. Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Robert Stallard of Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Stallard: And, Frank, yeah, best of luck for your retirement. It's been quite a ride. Let's start off with Bell. I was wondering if you could talk about what the risks and opportunities could be within that 2025 guidance, both for revenues and margin.
Scott Donnelly: Robert, I don't think there's a whole lot. I mean, this is all mostly backlog business. Obviously, the FLRAA program, the ramp that we have baked into there is supported by what's in the sort of the pending '25 appropriations budgets and all the guidance we're receiving from the customer. So I don't think there's risk around that. Most of the commercial business is well booked. Certainly, sustainment around V-22 and H1 is very predictable business and again, largely booked. So I think as we work our way through the course of the year, we're in -- I don't think there's a lot of risk to the downside of where we are on the Bell numbers.
Robert Stallard: Okay. And then as a follow-up, I was wondering if you've seen any sign of demand changing at Aviation or Industrial since we've had the US election?
Scott Donnelly: No, no, we really didn't Robert. It's actually kind of interesting. I mean, normally, we see more of a slowdown a little bit before the election just because people don't like a lot of uncertainty. I think probably largely in part as a result of the size of the backlog and the stuff that aircraft that are available well out past that period, obviously that we didn't see quite the drop and pop that we often see around our Presidential election. So, I would say it was relatively steady and we really haven't seen any change that I'm aware of in the demand environment in terms of the industrial side.
Robert Stallard: Okay. That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Noah Poponak at Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Noah.
Frank Connor: Good morning.
Noah Poponak: Hey, just back to the cash flow guidance, I guess, it would be lower than 2023 and the conversion from net income or the free cash margin, I think a little light of where you've talked about being over time, and I would have expected you'd be recovering some inventory from '24 that would help. So is there a net negative working capital assumption still in '25, or what else are we all missing in that bridge?
Frank Connor: Yeah. There's a -- on the working capital side, there's a little bit of headwind associated with the timing of some military payments. From an inventory standpoint, obviously, we are -- we'll be ramping production through the year as we talked about. So even though we had some higher inventory levels going into the end of '24 than we would have originally anticipated, we do need to have some higher inventory levels at the end of '25 for anticipated ramp. So you won't see a lot of inventory benefit. There is some military payment timing, as I said. And then we are expecting higher capital expenditures relative to what you saw back in the '23 timeframe associated with just the growth of the business and in particular, kind of FLRAA prep activities at Bell.
Noah Poponak: Okay, that makes sense. And then I just was hoping to get a little more detail on the Bell margin. That's been quite resilient as you've ramped the early stages of FLRAA rapidly, which we had all anticipated would dilute that margin. But so far it hasn't. So maybe just walk us through the pieces that would bring the Bell margin down that much in 2025?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think if you look at the Bell through 2024, we were helped by a little bit of improvement on some of the H1 side, obviously with the Nigerian deal that allowed us to maintain some more of that H1 volume, which is better volume for us. But you still -- at a macro level, we do have V-22 coming down, H1 will start to come down. We did have strong aftermarket in 2024. I think we'll still have strong aftermarket in 2025, but it's going to be flatter from where it was in 2024. So you really see a ton of the growth coming from the FLRAA ramp and commercial OEM deliveries. And as you know, commercial OEM deliveries tend to be dilutive to our margins. They generate a lot of aftermarket, so long term, very good for the business, but the two real growth drivers in 2025 are that ramp on FLRAA and increased commercial deliveries, both of which are obviously dilutive. So as we've said, we have always expected that this margin will come down somewhat based on that mix, but we're trying to target not having that be a dilution or problem at the EPS level. So, I think we're still more or less in that range of holding the operating profit dollars. It's a little pressured year-over-year just because we sort of outperformed on 2024 and that kind of raises the bar on that 2025 target. But I still think we're going to be in that range of being able to at least hold not dollars even as we grow the revenue on lower-margin business.
Noah Poponak: Okay, great. I'll add my congrats and to Frank and Dave on the retirement and the new appointments. And thanks so much for working with us over the years, Frank, and thanks for taking my questions.
Frank Connor: Thanks, Noah.
Dave Rosenberg: Thanks, Noah.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Seth Seifman at JPMorgan.
Seth Seifman: Hey, thanks very much, and good morning and congratulations, Frank. Just to maybe come at Bell from the other side, it was strong performance through most of the year and certainly at the high-end relative to the initial guide. But I think the guide went up in Q3 to about 10.5% to 11%, I think and came in slightly lower. Was there something that changed in Q4 at Bell that led to that shortfall?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we -- I mean, we had -- we did have some program adjustments in Q4 that weren't favorable at Bell that largely had to do around FLRAA. I mean, we did exercise the limited user test. That is a fixed-priced option that was exercised. And as we would expect, the fixed price options are not a great margin, so that did create some dilution, which when you do the program accounting did put a little bit of a drag in Q4 for us.
Seth Seifman: Okay. Thanks. And maybe to follow up just at Aviation, the orders have been quite steady through the year. When we think about the composition of those orders in terms of NetJets versus retail, is that a pretty steady composition? Is it a pretty, both in terms of how it's been trending versus itself and then how it's been trending versus the level of deliveries that we're seeing?
Scott Donnelly: Well, in general, it holds about flat, right, because as you guys know, we put these into the backlog based on sort of a 12-year forward. NetJets puts orders in, generally speaking, every month. It's usually fairly linear, but not always. And so, there can be from quarter-to-quarter some variation based on how many delivers we have to make in that quarter versus how many new exercises they happen to put. So it's not a perfectly linear process, but it generates a little bit of variability from quarter-to-quarter, but over the course of the year, it's been pretty stable.
Seth Seifman: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Myles Walton with Wolfe Research.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning. On R&D, I know you started off the year with a $550 million number for R&D, it came in at $490 million. I'm curious to the underrun there. And this would be a few years in a row of declines on the R&D front. I imagine, much of it from Bell. It looks like you're looking for a stable outlook for '25 to $500 million. Is that a good number going forward? And also what was the cause of the underrun in '24?
Scott Donnelly: I think it's a good number going forward. Look, I think the Bell dynamic with the end of the FLRAA program is certainly what drove a significant change in the R&D on a year-over-year basis as that program was wrapped up. And so, I think on a go-forward basis, we'll see more normalized R&D spending at Bell, as well as across the rest of the businesses. So for sure, part of what drove the lower R&D in the year and drove some of the higher margin frankly at Bell was that we did see a step-down associated with the funding that we were having to put in net to the FLRAA program.
Myles Walton: Okay. And then relative to systems, I know the decisions on FTUAS and maybe RCV are kind of sort of dictate how the year goes and maybe how '26 goes. How sensitive to this year are the outcomes on those programs for your outlook for systems top line of $1.3 billion?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I don't think there's a huge sensitivity to it. Obviously, the RCV program, we expect to be in the first half of 2025. FTUAS is probably more of the second half latter in the year. And of course, those programs have to ramp up. So in the early phases, they're not huge numbers. And particularly in the case of FTUAS because it's late in the year, there's not a huge sensitivity to them. They're certainly much more important to us from a standpoint of what growth looks like as we go into '26 and beyond. So I guess I think of them as important milestones for us in the course of 2025, but not having a huge impact on revenue and margin in the year
Myles Walton: All right. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: We'll go next now to David Strauss at Barclays.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, David.
David Strauss: Scott, aviation revenues in the fourth quarter, they came in a little bit light, I assume, looks like maybe you missed relative to what you're thinking 10 to 15 jet deliveries. What happened there? Was that supply chain or was that more on kind of your own in terms of getting the factory restarted post the strike?
Scott Donnelly: Well, certainly versus our original guidance for the year, yeah, it was probably more in that mid-teens in terms of aircraft and that was largely driven by the fact that, I mean, we didn't -- we really didn't get the factory running again until really the beginning of October, so -- or I'm sorry, the beginning of November. So we've really lost a third of the quarter with having the workforce out. So, as I said earlier, I think the good news is the folks are back. It's good to have a contract agreement in place for five years. And I think the workforce is pleased with the outcome, we're fine with the outcome. Everybody is ramping up. But we're really -- we did for sure lose a third of the quarter with not having a production operation in place.
David Strauss: Yeah, I was just looking at it. You took down the revenue forecast of 5.5% and you were a little short of that. I guess just following up there, how do you feel about the Aviation supply chain in terms of the ramp you're looking at in terms of deliveries for 2025?
Scott Donnelly: Look, David, I think we feel good about it. I mean, that's where we're guiding where we are. I would say that the third-party parts, supply chain pieces coming into the factory are certainly in a much better position than they were throughout the course of 2024. So that feels very good. The other critical part is obviously stability of our workforce and retention. And again, since the contract has been signed, we were very happy with the number of people that came back, even folks that had been with us for a very short period of time before the strike hung in there and came back once the agreement was put in place. And the attrition numbers we're seeing are certainly improved from where they had been through the course of the rest of 2024. So, I think the momentum is in the right direction. Now we got a lot of work in front of us here to get deliveries that were supposed to be in '24 done and ramp it up. But I'd say the early look in terms of aircraft coming out of the production lines, attack times, which clearly have to improve over the course of the year are operating as we would expect. So I think we're at this point feeling pretty good that we're going to be able to make that ramp and deliver on the guide at the $6.1 billion.
David Strauss: Okay. And timing for Ascend certification, what are you looking at? And is the Aviation guide sensitive at all to that timing?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I mean, obviously, we're expecting it to be in the course of the year. We got to work this through the FAA. If there's not an issue or a problem, it's going well. But clearly the actual certification is an FAA action. I think we feel great about the flight testing. The program is going very well. We do have a few aircraft in the year. So, yes, it's part of our guide, but certainly not material, but we would certainly expect to get the first few aircraft delivered late this year.
David Strauss: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Ron Epstein of Bank of America.
Ron Epstein: Hey, good morning, guys.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Ron.
Ron Epstein: Is there anything, Scott, you've seen with maybe the change in administration that could be like an added little tailwind for private Aviation. So as an example, have you heard any discussion around some form of accelerated depreciation coming back or something like that historically has been a nice catalyst for private Aviation?
Scott Donnelly: Yeah. I don't know specifically that the accelerated depreciation impact, but I would have to say, Ron, I think in general, as you know, most of our customers are small to mid-sized businesses, entrepreneurial, high net wealth, I mean, it's a broad range of customers, obviously. But I think that in general, tax policy, regulatory policy is encouraging to them and therefore, they feel-good about their businesses. Their businesses are likely to be successful in growing and that certainly is nothing but helpful in terms of how they get their head around CapEx expenditures like new aircraft. So, I would say, I wouldn't point out one particular item and it's obviously it's quite early here and we don't know, how all the tax stuff is going to work its way out. But I think in general, just the nature of our kinds of customers that they think the outlook for business is good and that's good for the prospects of private Aviation.
Ron Epstein: Yeah, that makes a ton of sense. And if I can, a follow-up that change in directions just a little bit. A while ago, right, you guys did Scorpion, and I always thought that was kind of cool. And the DoD at the time didn't seem to have a big appetite for that. It does seem, however, there does maybe potentially seem to be a change in more -- maybe a push towards more commercial terms contracting, contractors taking more risk. Do you see any opportunities for you guys with maybe like a Scorpion 2.0 parenthetically, something like that with maybe the changing environment with potentially more commercial type contracting?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I don't know about a specific around a Scorpion, Ron. I will -- I would say that in this administration four years ago, eight years ago to four years ago, however you want to think about it, there was certainly a mindset that we have to find ways to go faster, right? And so our acquisition system, this was according to the OTAs and the MTAs and the Army's creation of things like Futures Command that frankly help to accelerate and drive a lot of the things that we're working on today. So again, it's very early, obviously. Everybody talks about acquisition reform and I wouldn't say I expect huge things in terms of real change to policy, but expectations that what's good for the warfighter, good for the taxpayer is to figure out how to accelerate programs. And so again, it's early, we don't have any data yet, but I'm certainly hopeful that the incoming administration and within the building is interested in figuring out how to accelerate things. Commerciality is certainly a part of that, but just frankly, how do you make the process run faster and get things out-of-the warfighter quicker. And I think we would clearly be a beneficiary of that. We have a bunch of great programs that I think the warfighter side of the military would love to see them get out into the hands in the actual combatant commands and hopefully, we'll see some of that happen.
Ron Epstein: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks a lot, Scott. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Gavin Parsons of UBS.
Gavin Parsons: Thanks. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Gavin Parsons: Just maybe two questions on the Aviation margin. You mentioned still having some impact of the disrupted '24 deliveries slipping into '25. Just I was hoping you could give us some sense of how much of that excess cost you're absorbing in that 12% to 13% margin guide?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we're not. It was a big driver, Gavin, of the Q4 number because we did take and period expense, a lot of overhead, which otherwise would have been into our sort of base cost spread across aircraft deliveries. And given that we were light, we did take a pretty significant hit on period expense, but as we think about the go-forward number, we expect -- have built a plan around margin rates and normal volumes of aircraft delivery. So, I wouldn't expect to see any significant period expense thing associated back with the lower volumes in 2024.
Gavin Parsons: And then anything you can give us on what you're expecting on net price and performance for '25?
Scott Donnelly: No, look, I mean, as I said, we certainly expect performance and factory efficiencies to be up significantly versus 2024 and that's a driver of a lot of where we're -- where we think we'll end-up with the margin that we have guided. In terms of price, look, price is still good in the industry, but there's also inflation out there. So as we've talked about before, I don't expect a huge spread on the net of that. I think most of our performance improvement, most of our margin improvement getting back to where we should be here in 2025 is a result of much better factory performance.
Gavin Parsons: Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And we'll take our final question this morning from Pete Skibitski of Alembic Global.
Pete Skibitski: Hey, good morning, guys. Congrats, Frank.
Scott Donnelly: Hi, Pete.
Pete Skibitski: Guys, this longer fiscal 25 continuing resolution, is that impacting your military programs at all?
Scott Donnelly: Pete, I have not seen it have a big impact. I mean, we hate the uncertainty of it, and I think our -- certainly our customer hates it because they're constantly in, I mean, they're trying to analogy 2026 budgets when they haven't been allowed to finalize 2025. But I think, the expectations, the customer appears to be executing to what they expect their 2025 budget to be and has sort of been appropriated and sitting on the shelf waiting for the final action. So it's very disruptive, I think. It's a horrible process, obviously, and it takes a lot of time and energy away from the customer who could be focused on other things. But the good news is most of our programs are already funded programs. They're not new starts. There are some things, as you get further into the year that will become new starts, but we certainly expect that the CR will be resolved, have an actual budget before that becomes a problem.
Pete Skibitski: Got it. Okay, Thank you. Just one last one for me. Across the whole company, in terms of the new administration, is there anything on your radar in terms of new regulations or policies or the tariff issue that could be either positive or negative for the business that's on your radar? I think maybe one thing in terms of if we get tariffs towards Canada, does that impact Bell commercial at all? Is there anything on your radar that you can share with us? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Yeah, sure. Look, Pete, I think on the positive side, again, we talked about just sort of what our expectations are for the overall business climate, less regulation, probably a better tax resolution than maybe otherwise could have happened. So I think from an overall business environment standpoint, those -- that's very positive on the tax front, on the regulatory front, on the military front. As I said, I think we have an administration coming in that has in the past been pro, how do we figure out how to accelerate, how do we go faster, which would be, again, net good for us. Look, the tariff is very much a wild card. I mean, we don't know the specifics. Clearly, we have operations in Mexico. We have, as you noted, a pretty significant operation in Canada, particularly on the Bell commercial side. A lot of the value of the dollars are things that go over from the US into Canada and then back. Assume those don't get hit. But we do have some big important suppliers like Pratt Canada, that sell a lot of engines to us in both rotor and fixed wing. And we do have our Bell, Mirabel operations on the commercial side of Bell. So, look it's an unknown and so we're not really taking position one way on the other. I think we've got to see how this plays out and again I think a lot of this is around negotiations and working on how do you deal with the free trade agreements on a go-forward basis. So we're just going to kind of hang in there and see how it plays out.
Pete Skibitski: Got it. Got it. Helpful. Thanks, guys.
Scott Donnelly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that will bring us to the conclusion of today's Textron Q4 2024 earnings release call. We'd like to thank you all so much for joining us today and wish you all a great remainder of your day. Just a reminder, today's call will be available for replay beginning later today by calling 1 (800) 839-5125 or (402) 220-1502. Again, thanks for joining us, everyone. We wish you all a great day. Goodbye.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-24 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Textron Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded for digitized replay and will be available after 10 AM Eastern Time today running through October 24, 2025. You may access the replay by dialing 866-207-1041 and entering the access code of 148-0019. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Rosenberg, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Rosenberg: Thanks, Kiely, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO, and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Revenues in the quarter were $3.4 billion, up from $3.3 billion in last year's third quarter. During this year's third quarter, adjusted income from continuing operations was $1.40 per share compared to $1.49 per share in last year's third quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions totaled $147 million in the quarter compared to $205 million in the third quarter of 2023. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. During the quarter, Aviation experienced a strike on the expiration of its existing labor agreement with the IAM. Work stoppage caused disruption to our aircraft production and service in our Wichita facilities. On October 20, the IAM ratified a new five-year contract ending a four-week strike. As employees return to work and production and delivery activities recover, resulting disruptions will impact our 2024 financial results. In the quarter, Aviation delivered 41 jets, up from 39 last year, and 25 commercial turboprops, down from 38 in last year's third quarter. Aftermarket revenues grew 5% for the third quarter of 2023 -- versus 2023, and our year-to-date aftermarket revenues were up 8% as compared to prior year. Aviation continued to see strong demand in the quarter, booking over $1 billion in new orders. Backlog grew $162 million, ending the third quarter at $7.6 billion. During the quarter, Aviation delivered the 400th Cessna Citation Latitude. Latitude has been the best-selling aircraft in the midsize jet segment since it was introduced into service in 2015. At NBAA this week, Aviation also announced the Gen3 updates of the Citation M2, CJ3 and CJ4, reflecting continued investments in this product portfolio. At Bell, revenues were $929 million, up $175 million over last year, and segment profit was $98 million, up $21 million as compared to the third quarter last year. During the quarter, the U.S. Army announced approval of Milestone B for the FLRAA program. This significant milestone establishes FLRAA as a program of record and transition the program to the engineering and manufacturing development phase. This phase includes continued digital modeling, detailed hardware and software design, and fabrication of hardware as Bell proceeds to critical design review and the first flight planned for 2026. As a result of Milestone B and the subsequent EMD award, Bell's backlog grew by $2.3 billion in the quarter, now totaling $6.5 billion. On the commercial side, Bell saw increased order activity in the quarter. Bell delivered 44 helicopters, up from 23 in last year's third quarter. Textron Systems revenues and profits were slightly lower compared to last year. In the quarter, Systems completed two major milestones in the Army's FTUAS program, a modular open systems approach conformance evaluation, and a prototype aircraft flight demonstration. The team will now proceed to option four of the competitive program, which includes delivery of a production representative aircraft system for Army testing and evaluation. Systems expanded its U.S. Navy Aerosonde operations with awards for two new land-based sites and three new maritime sites. Also in the quarter, Systems delivered two prototype Ripsaw M3 Robotic Vehicles to the U.S. Army for testing as part of Phase 1 of the Robotic Combat Vehicle program. The Army is expected to downselect the Phase 2 for production represented prototype in mid-2025. Moving to Industrial, the segment experienced lower revenues and operating profit in the quarter, driven by continuing softness in Specialized Vehicles end markets. Specialized Vehicles continue to take cost actions to align with lower production volumes. Moving to eAviation, the [Nuuva 300] (ph) continued integration testing, including a full system power on and flight simulation run conducted this quarter. The team is now focused on preparations for the aircraft's first hover flight, which is expected in Q4 of this year. Also during the quarter, the Nexus eVTOL program continued to progress on the wing and empennage assemblies and outfitting of the ground control station, preparation for the start of flight testing, which is expected to begin in 2025. Finally, as we announced yesterday, we're making some important executive changes at Textron. Our CFO, Frank Connor, has notified us that he intends to retire from the company on February 28, 2025. Dave Rosenberg, our current Vice President of Investor Relations, has been elected as our new Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer succeeding Frank. Dave has more than 24 years of experience in the aviation industry and has served in a series of finance and strategy positions at Textron Aviation, Beechcraft and its predecessor companies. In addition, Scott Hegstrom has been elected Vice President of Investor Relations, replacing Dave. Both elections are effective March 1, 2025. I want to thank Frank for his outstanding leadership and significant contributions to Textron during his 15 years and to congratulate Dave and Scott on their new appointments. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. In the third quarter of 2024, delayed aircraft deliveries along with unfavorable performance resulting from the IAM strike lowered Textron Aviation's revenues by about $50 million and segment profit by around $30 million. Revenue at Textron Aviation of $1.3 billion were essentially flat with the third quarter of 2023 with higher pricing of $36 million, mostly offset by lower volume and mix of $35 million. Segment profit was $128 million in the third quarter, down $32 million from a year ago, largely due to lower volume and mix of $29 million. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $7.6 billion, up $162 million from the second quarter. Moving to Bell, revenues were $929 million, up $175 million from last year, largely reflecting higher volume and mix of $148 million. Volume and mix included higher military volume of $81 million, primarily related to the FLRAA program and higher commercial volume and mix of $67 million, reflecting an increase in deliveries. Segment profit of $98 million was up $21 million from last year's third quarter, largely due to a favorable impact from performance of $17 million and favorable pricing, net of inflation, of $12 million. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $6.5 billion. At Textron Systems, revenues were $301 million, down $8 million from last year's third quarter, largely due to lower volume. Segment profit of $39 million was down $2 million from a year ago. Backlog in this segment ended the quarter at $1.9 billion. Industrial revenues were $840 million, down $82 million from last year's third quarter, mainly due to lower volume and mix of $86 million, principally in the Specialized Vehicles product line. Segment profit of $32 million was down $19 million from the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to lower volume and mix. Textron eAviation segment revenues were $6 million and segment loss was $18 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared with a segment loss of $19 million in the third quarter of 2023. Finance segment revenues were $12 million and profit was $5 million. Moving below segment profit, corporate expenses were $20 million, net interest expense from the manufacturing group was $22 million, LIFO inventory provision was $49 million, intangible asset amortization was $9 million, and the non-service components of pension and post-retirement income were $66 million. In the quarter, we repurchased approximately 2.4 million shares, returning $215 million in cash to shareholders. Year-to-date, we have repurchased approximately 10.1 million shares, returning $890 million in cash to shareholders. Textron is adjusting its full year outlook to include the expected impact of the aviation strike on its financial results. Textron now expects 2024 adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations to be in a range of $5.40 to $5.60 per share, down from its previous outlook of $6.20 to $6.40 per share. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions is now expected to be in a range of $650 million to $750 million as compared to its previous outlook of $900 million to $1 billion, with planned pension contributions of about $50 million. Looking to Aviation, we now expect total year revenue of about $5.5 billion, with an expected segment margin of around 11%. At Bell, while total year revenue outlook is unchanged, we expect an improved segment margin in the range of 10.5% to 11%. At Systems, the revenue outlook is unchanged, with a segment margin estimated at the top end or slightly above our original guidance range of 11% to 12%. Looking to Industrial, we now expect revenues to be about $3.5 billion, with an expected segment margin of around 4%. At eAviation, we now expect revenue to be about $35 million, with segment margin unchanged at a loss of around $75 million. At Finance, we now expect revenue to be about $50 million, with segment margin of around $30 million. Below segment profit, we now expect corporate expenses to be around $135 million, interest expense to be about $85 million and a tax rate of 17.5%. That concludes our prepared remarks. So, operator, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll go to the line of David Strauss with Barclays.
David Strauss: Good morning. Thanks, and congrats, Frank and Dave.
Frank Connor: Thank you.
David Strauss: Scott, could you just maybe touch on, how things are going at Aviation in terms of restarting production and kind of what have you assumed in the updated forecast for Aviation, I think, and get $5.5 billion in revenue in terms of jet deliveries? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure, David. So, look, I mean, obviously, we got the ratification last weekend, which was very important. Under the terms of the contract, the workforce has up to five days to come back in. So, we are starting to ramp and get things back in place. I think I talked to Ron yesterday, we probably had about 60% of the workforce was back in yesterday. We expect that to continue to ramp and clearly expect to be at full representation on Monday. So, when we factor in the numbers, we kind of think about that. That's why the $0.5 billion revenue drop, it's not really four weeks, it's more like a five-week strike, and then we've got to get all the ramping and get the line back up and running here as we get into fourth quarter. I guess I'd say, David, the good news is that's what we're focused on, right? We have a five-year deal in place that's good for employees, it's good for us. Our total focus right now is getting things ramped up. We've spent, obviously, a lot of time here over the last four or five weeks continuing to work with our supply chains, make sure that parts are coming in and suppliers who have been late to PO are getting back to current. So, our complete focus right now is getting everybody back in the door and getting the factory up and running and hopefully more efficient than it's been over the past few years as we get better part full.
David Strauss: Okay. Thanks for that, color. And Frank, in terms of the lower forecast for free cash flow for the year, it looks like, maybe you're losing about $125 million from lower earnings. CapEx, I think, is a little bit lower than you had previously forecast. What accounts for -- it looks like, $200 million of -- the additional $200 million hit on the free cash flow side?
Frank Connor: Yeah, we're going to have some inventory headwinds associated with kind of the slower kind of ramp up here and the impact of the production. As Scott said, it's kind of a five-week impact. We want to get healthy from a supply chain standpoint. So, we certainly looked at kind of mitigating the cash impact of strike, but we also want to make sure that we were healthy as we come out of this. So that's really the impact and we'll then have that inventory obviously to burn through and sell in '25.
David Strauss: Thanks very much.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning, Scott, Frank and Dave, and congratulations, Frank, of course. So, just going back to the EPS cut of $0.80, I think Industrial is about $0.30, that's a headwind, but Bell is the $0.10 offset. How do we think about, I guess, Aviation into 2024 exiting Q4, and then also Industrial, just given a 4% margin to exit the year?
Scott Donnelly: So, on the Industrial front, Sheila, we've been -- we've seen softness all year. We've talked about that each quarter. So, I think as we've revised the guidance, beyond just giving color, we're trying to give you guys some specific in each one of the segments. And so, I think our expectation right now is that those softnesses in that end market are going to continue. As we've talked about in previous quarters, we're just cutting way back on production volume. We don't want to put stuff out in the channel. I don't think deal is one thing is in the channel until we get better perspective and view on where things are going in terms of interest rates and their end market. So, I think this was just -- we're just kind of firming up our view on the total guide on that segment. The bigger issue for us, obviously, is we've got to get the Aviation business ramped back up again here. As Frank talked about, given the sort of delays in some of these deliveries, we're going to certainly carry out more inventory through the end of the year of work in process than we would normally have coming out of the Q4. But I guess, it's important to note these sales aren't lost, right? I mean, these are pushed and we're going to ultimately deliver these aircrafts. So, as we think about 2025, we clearly expect we're going to see revenue progression over what our original 2024 guide was. We're continuing to ramp. And I think now with the contract behind us, we're optimistic about seeing more stability in the workforce, clearly a better position on supplier parts. And it's tough to recover all that in one quarter, but I think we'll have good momentum as we go into 2025.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: And just on the contract, how do we think about the headwind in 2025 as we factor in the wage increase?
Scott Donnelly: Well, that was largely baked into our plans. The deal was a little bit more than we expected, but it's -- direct labor is about 10% of our costs. So, I mean our focus at this point will be making sure we can drive the right productivity and efficiency to compensate for that. But I think it's a fair deal. It's good for our employees. And our view is we want these to be the best jobs in town. We think this is a hugely important workforce. We need good people. We need to retain them, and we'd like to be that best job. And I think this makes us the best job in town. So, it's a good trade for us.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Frank Connor: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: Just want to follow-up on David's question really and the recovery plan. It sounds like you've taken a fairly proactive approach to managing the supply chain that you haven't turned anyone off. In fact, you just kept things going and you've built up this inventory. Is that a fair analysis?
Scott Donnelly: Yeah. Look, I mean, in part shortages, while it has improved over the last few years, has still been problematic, I think, for everybody in the industry. It's gotten to be a smaller number of part numbers that are a problem, but they're still a problem. And that was continuing to drive a lot of out-of-station work and just significant inefficiencies in the factory. So, our view was, look, nobody wins a strike. A strike is not a good thing, but we certainly, during the period of the strike, were committed to go continue to work with those suppliers and try to resolve that problem. So, again, from our perspective, this is all about how you move forward and expecting we'll get the workforce back in, which is now happening, that we would put ourselves in a better situation in terms of parts and back shops and these things so that we can be more efficient going forward. So, yeah, that's going to cost a little bit of inventory, but all that inventory is going to turn into airplanes. So, I'm not particularly worried about that.
Robert Stallard: Okay. And then, as a follow-up on Industrial, you mentioned that Specialty Vehicles have been having some demand challenges. What about at Kautex? Have you seen any softening on the European auto front?
Scott Donnelly: Well, for sure, we have. I mean, auto is down around the world. European is probably the most challenged market, so the volumes are somewhat below where we would like them to be, but frankly, that team does a really good job of managing through and dealing with that and offsetting with productivity and pricing. And so, I think the Kautex guys actually have been performing quite well.
Robert Stallard: Okay. That's great. Thank you.
Operator: And next, we'll go to the line of Peter Arment with Baird.
Peter Arment: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, Scott. Congrats, Frank and Dave. Hey, Scott, maybe just to talk about, just on the heels of NBAA, you guys obviously saw some nice bookings this quarter. Can you talk maybe just about what you're seeing on the demand environment? It still seems obviously very favorable for a lot of your models.
Scott Donnelly: Yeah, Peter, I think it has. I mean, we had over $1 billion here in Q3. As you know, Q3 is usually historically one of the lighter ones, right? The summer, July, August is kind of usually quieter. I think it was a good quarter of order activity. We're very encouraged, the refreshes that the team is putting out in both M2, CJ3, the new CJ4. Of course, we have the Ascend, which we announced too long. That's coming along very well. So, the number of updates, which are pretty significant in terms of capability of the aircraft and safety, particularly with launching Autoland across all those single pilot jet platforms is driving strong demand. So, I think the end market continues to feel good. Order activity is -- flow is good. So, I think we're still feeling good about where the industry is.
Peter Arment: Yeah. And just as a follow-up, on pricing, I guess, net of inflation, you guys have done pretty well all year. What's the latest there, I just -- I assume, given that the demand environment is healthy?
Scott Donnelly: Yeah. Pricing is still good, Peter, in the marketplace, but as we've talked about, I think the price inflation number is compressing, right? I mean, so I would not expect to see big contributions in necessarily price over inflation. What we really got to be doing is driving productivity and efficiency in the factories to continue to maintain that momentum. So, the pricing dynamic is good, that's not a problem, but you had these pretty significant price inflation spreads. And again, that will -- as we talked about before, that will be coming down, but we're not banking on that to drive the kind of margin and performance that we need to see going forward. We've really got to drive good fashion productivity and efficiencies on that volume.
Frank Connor: The only thing I'd add on that is for this quarter and next quarter with the lower volume, which is where price comes through and essentially inflation across all aspects of the cost structure, not just the aircraft, but SG&A and other things, that puts pressure on price versus net of inflation. So, for this quarter, it's net zero price, but that is certainly impacted by the lower volume associated with the strike and that will have an impact on the price versus inflation on a net basis in the fourth quarter as well.
Peter Arment: Appreciate all the color. Thanks, guys.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: Hey. Good morning, everybody.
Frank Connor: Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Frank, congrats on the retirement. Thanks for all the help and the relationship over the years. And David, congrats on the move to the CFO.
David Rosenberg: Thanks.
Noah Poponak: How many Cessna jet deliveries are we expecting in the fourth quarter given the abnormal backdrop with the strike and the recovery?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Noah, I mean, we've never given a number of jets. So, I think we'll probably just stick to revenue at this stage of the game. But I mean, it's $0.5 billion of revenue obviously adjustment, which is pretty significant, but yeah, I think that accounts for what's turning out to be really a kind of a five-week strike duration and then just the inefficiencies and just the time of getting it ramped back up and going.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And, Scott, I guess, in 2025, should we anticipate that Jan 1, when you're starting a year, you're pretty much recovered and it's a clean run rate production line, or could there be disruption that bleeds into the beginning of the year? And then, should we expect the aircraft that slip out of '24 to add what you previously had planned for '25, or does it kind of smooth out over a longer period of time?
Scott Donnelly: Well, so first of all, we certainly expect by January 1, we're running at normal productivity and a smooth rate. I mean, we're here in kind of late October, we've got November, December here to get things ramped and operating smoothly. So, I certainly expect by the start of the year, the factory will be stable and doing well. I guess, it will -- I mean, we're kind of probably not ready to guide 2025 yet, but as I said, no, I do think if you look at what we're doing in production ramp and our expectations in terms of where we're going to be in 2025, while the 2024 is obviously an issue and impacted, we certainly expect to see good healthy revenue growth in '25 above what we had originally guided in '24.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And then, just lastly on the margin, at Aviation, should we all just continue to contemplate the incremental margin framework you've referenced in the past, or is cost now different enough, or is there still a lot of opportunity on the productivity front? How should we be thinking about that over the medium term?
Scott Donnelly: Look, we still think about this business as converting at 20%-plus in terms of revenue given the kind of the mix of gross margin across the business. So that's still, I think, an appropriate long-term guide.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Myles Walton with Wolfe Research.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning. I was wondering if you could talk to Systems, and you mentioned the two contracts that are being decided next year, FTUAS and the Robotic Combat Vehicle. Is an outcome on those basically going to dictate whether or not Systems can start a real growth profile? It's been obviously flattish here for a long, long time. And how critical are those two programs?
Scott Donnelly: Yeah, absolutely. Look, I mean, these are programs that we've been investing for a long time to position ourselves. They are key factors of driving growth for the business in the future. There's other programs, obviously. In fact, I think, frankly, if you look at 2024, that business is performing extraordinarily well. We did take a hit at the beginning of the year, which we did not anticipate around Machado getting pulled out of service. Other businesses within systems over the course of the year have grown to help to offset that. And as we said, even with that hit, which was not trivial to us, the businesses are hitting their original guide in terms of revenue, and they're going to be on the high side of their margin. So, I think the Systems team is performing very well. But yeah, absolutely, those programs like FTUAS and like RCV and of course, there's ARV in the year out and such are key drivers of growth in the future.
Myles Walton: Okay. And just one quick one. Is the 525 still on track for 4Q cert, or is that slipping into '25?
Scott Donnelly: We're actually just down there yesterday. Look, the flight test program is continuing. I hate to put dates out there because we don't certify that, right? I mean, it's -- I'd say the relationship and the work going on with FAA is good. Flight test program is going well. Whether it gets this year, if I were to guess, I would probably say it would slip into 2025 just because of just the sheer amount of documentation and paperwork and number of approvals that need to flow through -- before the official TC gets put on there. So, we continue to do the work on the flight test and all the work that we have to do on our side. And of course, we're already moving a lot of resource into various kits and capabilities that need to be added on to the aircraft over its life cycle. So -- and that work will go on in parallel with this certification process.
Myles Walton: All right. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go next to the line of Seth Seifman for -- with JPMorgan.
Seth Seifman: Hey. Thanks very much, and good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Seth Seifman: And congratulations, Frank and Dave. Wanted to ask about the margin in Aviation. And so, ex the strike, it looks like it was kind of in the mid-11% range, which was kind of below the guidance range for the year. I know there's variability quarter to quarter and you talked about Q2 being exceptionally strong, but just anything to point out there with regard to why we saw kind of a step down there versus what we've become accustomed to seeing in recent quarters?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I mean the strikes are a bit messy, right, when you go back and you look at idle facility and impacts and total year volumes and assumed overhead rates and liquidation rates. So, part of what you're seeing in the quarter and the year is you've got to factor in a lot of significantly lower volume all of a sudden with a lot of cost, which some of which is not variable. And so that's part of why you see that drag in the -- in both Q3 as well as in our updated guidance for the full year.
Seth Seifman: Okay. Got it. And then, I guess, maybe thinking about the margin at Bell and profitability coming in ahead of expectations this year, as FLRAA continues to grow, is this something where you can kind of continue to maybe see some improvement here, given performance elsewhere, or should we still be thinking about maybe profit dollar growth but margin rate declines?
Scott Donnelly: Yeah, look, we're still trying to drive the profit dollar growth. The FLRAA program is growing and will continue to grow next year fairly significantly, which is great obviously, but that is, as you know, had a lower margin mix. But the commercial market is strong, so that's helpful to us. The win in Nigeria, which is actually going to grow the H1 original equipment volumes here over the next couple of two, three years is obviously helpful. So, there are some things in there mix wise that are helping. But again, I still think given the significant growth of the FLRAA program, our focus really is how do we continue to be accretive and make sure that we're growing the margin dollars in these subsequent years.
Seth Seifman: Excellent. Thanks very much.
Operator: And we'll go next to the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein.
Doug Harned: Good morning. Thank you. And also congrats to Frank and Dave. If you look forward from here, say over the next five years, and thinking about what you're going to be investing in on the Aviation side with respect to R&D and CapEx, how do you see that profile evolving? And are there specific areas where you really intend to be focusing there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I mean, I think that I don't see us making a big change. I think what we've been doing for the last number of years and I would expect we continue to do in the future is a nice mix of upgrade programs to our existing portfolio, which, as we talked about earlier, drives healthy growth and is very well received, I'd say, on the customer front, with an occasional new product clean sheet that drops in. So that piece of formula that has worked for us, and I think we'll continue to make that. From an R&D perspective, we've talked about kind of making this at or a slight tailwind in terms of on a percent of sales basis. Part of our margin challenge towards the end of the year is we've -- you assume that you're -- what you're doing on the R&D front is fairly fixed over the course of the year. So, if you lose a big chunk of revenue, obviously, on a strike, that kind of hurts you a little bit, but I mean, that's an unusual circumstance, obviously. So, I think we'll see fairly stable R&D, and we'll raise appropriately when we have the right programs to invest, but I'd say, generally speaking, we view that it should be a tailwind in terms of percent of sales for the business while making the right investments to keep growing the business.
Doug Harned: And then separately, when we go into 2025 and if we put the strike aside for the moment, you said that during the strike you've been able to make some progress with respect to the supply chain. It seemed that really the limiting factor for you in Aviation is not demand, it is really -- it may be really just the supply chain. So, if you've been able to narrow some -- the issues within the supply chain, can you describe where the bottlenecks are now, the principal bottlenecks? And if there's a point you see where you think you can get back to a world where the limiting factor is no longer dealing with the supplier issues?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think the limiting factor -- I mean, there has been some critical supply things. It's been our own resourcing and staffing and the ramp, but as I said, I think when I think about how you look at 2025, despite the interruptions that we've had here in 2024, I think our plans in terms of expanding capacity and delivering more product, increasing our revenue that, that thesis is still on track. You'll see that in 2025 despite the fact that we have an interruption in production here in 2024. So, we have had a ramp plan that was coordinated with suppliers and our own internal resourcing and staffing. And I think that's still in place and that's why you should expect that we'll see revenue growth in '25 above the '24 original guidance.
Doug Harned: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Jason Gursky with Citi.
Jason Gursky: Hey, good morning. Frank, congrats on -- and good luck with the next phase. And, Dave, congratulations. Well deserved. I look forward to working with you more closely in that role. Scott, couple of quick questions for you. You mentioned labor productivity earlier as a way to offset maybe some of the higher costs associated with the strike. I'm just curious if you can make some bigger picture generalized comments about labor productivity maybe now versus where we were prior to the pandemic and kind of the things that you are doing to drive labor productivity back to maybe where we were if it was better back then, and how much longer do you think it takes for labor productivity to kind of return to historic levels?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, there were two major contributors to the inefficiencies, which certainly manifest themselves largely in productivity in the factory. Part of it was certainly supplier parts. When you're looking at running a production line, you've got lots of holes in your part bin, you start doing stuff that's out of sequence and having to rework things and swap things between aircraft and there's a lot of disruption that comes from that. As I said, I think while it won't be perfect, what we did work through the strike period to try to get the on time to PO and supplier delivery to where we have many, many, many fewer of these instances where we don't have the part available at the time that we need to consume that part in the various stages of the production line. The other, frankly, is just sheer labor, right? I mean, like most companies, coming out of COVID, we saw a lot of turnover. We have a lot of hiring of new people, so there's been a lot of training, and clearly that drives a lot of inefficiencies. It's not just that new person, it's our senior people who participate in helping to train and develop these new people. So, I do think that the labor contract and getting that behind us, and yeah, it's a significant GWI, but it makes these jobs even more attractive in that market, which we think is -- makes us as an employer more attractive and hopefully stronger on the retention side. So, stabilizing that, not just adding the numbers of people, but getting it towards a stable number, and it's the same people that are coming in, is a huge part of that. So, I think the parts thing, I feel much better about. We worked out really hard over the last month or so to get that in a much healthier place. And again, I think with the GWIs that are out there, these are the best jobs in town. And I think that will help us not just attract, but also retain that hourly workforce that builds these aircraft, which is critical to driving that efficiency and productivity in our factory.
Jason Gursky: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then, the second question was, just more of a maybe a philosophical one. If you could waive a magic wand, and always have this be the case, I know this is difficult to control, but kind of months of backlog in the Aviation business, what is the North Star for you all? What do you -- where would you like to try to manage the business to on a pretty consistent basis over the longer term?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, if you look at, it's a little bit different across different products in our product portfolio, but I would say, generally speaking, being out there 18, 24 months is a very healthy place for us to be for a couple of reasons. One, many of our customers already own aircraft and their ability to remarket their aircraft and manage and have a -- know what their timeline is and when a window of time to go sell their aircraft is important. And it also gives us the right amount of time to specify aircraft and interiors and go through a very smooth process where we know when that aircraft hit the line, what is that aircraft, right? What's the configuration? A lot of stuff is standard, obviously, but there are customizations that happen towards the latter part of the process. And having that all set and well understood, being able to signal and have a consistent volume and delivery dates with our suppliers, I mean, it really helps to make a business where it can run smoothly when you can see out that 18 to 24 months on volumes and product mix and product configuration.
Jason Gursky: Great. That's helpful. Appreciate it, guys.
Operator: And we'll go next to the line of Gavin Parsons with UBS.
Gavin Parsons: Thanks. Good morning. And Frank and Dave, congrats.
Frank Connor: Thanks.
Gavin Parsons: Just wanted to ask a couple of margin questions. On Industrial, are you still seeing some benefit of the restructuring, or is that largely already in place at this point?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean, I think, clearly, we've been restructuring through the course of the year, but I'd say there's more restructuring to come, for sure. I think the end markets, and particularly in a couple of segments of the business, are continuing to be soft, and I think they're going to be soft for a little while. So, we'll continue to do what we think is appropriate to restructure and maximize our performance in each of those business segments.
Gavin Parsons: Got it. And on Aviation, can you just remind us how the performance accounting line works? If you have cost on aircraft this year that deliver next year, do we expect some margin headwind there?
Scott Donnelly: The performance line is -- there's a lot of stuff in performance line. I don't know if I could walk through it. I mean, clearly, this quarter and for the full year, you've got unusual things in there, right? I mean, factory inefficiency, period expensing, idle factory costs, which is not a normal thing for us, obviously, manufacturing variances go through that, there's a lot of moving parts in that so-called performance line.
Gavin Parsons: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to the line of Pete Skibitski of Alembic. Please go ahead.
Pete Skibitski: Hey, good morning, guys.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Pete Skibitski: I was wondering if we go back to FLRAA now that you had the Milestone B approval, I just wonder if you could put a finer point on the revenue line since it's so substantial. I think last I recall, you were thinking about $900 million in revenue this year. And Scott, you're talking about substantial increase next year. Is there any way to put a finer point on that?
Scott Donnelly: Pete, I think $900 million is probably around the right number this year. It's probably going to be $100 million to $200 million higher than that next year, just based on what's in the budget. So, I mean, I'm a little bit -- I always try to be a little careful here, Pete. I mean, these things are appropriated, right? They're not appropriated yet. I mean, we don't actually have a budget. So -- but I -- if you look at what's in the appropriations process, I guess, once they pass the budget, I would expect that we'll see some additional ramp as we go into next year. So -- and I think there's talk to the Army, there's full support for this. I mean, obviously, the criticality of getting through CDR is huge. And so, I think the customer is just as committed as we are to keep driving this thing forward, and that will -- that only happens with some increased funding next year, and I think everybody is on board with that.
Pete Skibitski: Okay. No, I appreciate it. And then just the decision to in-source the cabin from Spirit, what's the right way to think about sort of the technical and the schedule risk there? Obviously, it's probably easier than if you were kind of midstream in production, but can you give us a sense of how you guys are viewing that decision?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think that the -- as you kind of know, Peter, given the status of where that was, right, kind of just starting EMD, made it a fairly low risk, easy process to execute. The Spirit team was highly collaborative and worked very, very closely with us in that process, and it's done. So, we're focused on going forward. We're executing to that. And so far, so good.
Pete Skibitski: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions in queue at this time. And today's conference is being recorded for digitized replay and will be available after 10 AM Easter Time today through October 24, 2025. You may access the replay by dialing 866-207-1041 and entering the access code of 148-0019. This does conclude the conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-18 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Textron Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President, Investor Relations, Mr. David Rosenberg. Please go ahead.
David Rosenberg: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO, and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Revenues in the quarter were $3.5 billion, up from $3.4 billion in last year's second quarter. During this year's second quarter, adjusted income from continuing operations was $1.54 per share, compared to $1.46 per share in last year's second quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions totaled $320 million in the quarter, compared to $242 million in the second quarter of 2023. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. Aviation has higher segment revenues of $1.5 billion, generating a profit of $195 million, up $24 million from the second quarter of 2023. We delivered 44 commercial turboprops, up from 37 last year and 42 jets down from 44 in last year's second quarter, while aftermarket revenues grew 13%. Aviation continued to see strong demand across all product lines. Backlog ended the quarter at $7.5 billion, up $118 million from the first quarter of this year. In the quarter, Aviation began deliveries of the King Air 260 under the multi-engine training systems contract for the US Navy. To-date, we've been awarded 35 aircraft to a possible 64 on the program. Also during the quarter, Aviation certified a third variant of the Cessna SkyCourier, the combi version allows operators to transport passengers and cargo simultaneously. Combined with the previously certified passenger and cargo variants, this latest variant continues to demonstrate the versatility of the aircraft to our customers. In June, Aviation completed the first flight of Cessna Citation Ascend. The aircraft is the first conforming production flight test aircraft and represents a significant milestone for the program. To-date, we have completed over 400 hours of flight testing. The Bell revenues and profit in the quarter were up as compared to the second quarter of last year. On the commercial side, Bell delivered 32 helicopters, down from 35 in last year's second quarter. Moving to military. Bell completed the FLRAA preliminary design review, while also continuing to release engineering drawings and place orders for long new material as the program continues to ramp. In the quarter, Bell was now selected as one of two companies for the next phase of DARPA's Speed and Runway Independent Technologies X-Plane program to create a prototype high speed vertical takeoff and landing aircraft for the US military. This program builds on Bell's success as the leader in tiltrotor technology. Textron Systems realized higher revenues. We're continuing to pursue new program opportunities in the quarter. Systems was awarded Options 3 and 4 for the FTUAS program in the second quarter. This award includes the delivery of an Aerosonde Hybrid Quad System to the U.S. Army for test evaluation. As part of the army's robotic combat vehicle competition, we announced a collaboration with Kodiak Robotics. Kodiak will integrate its industry-leading autonomous system into a Textron Systems purpose-built uncrewed military vehicle to demonstrate the autonomous operations later in 2024. Moving to industrial. We experienced lower revenues and operating profit in the quarter. As expected, we continue to see softer demand in our consumer and automotive end markets. We continue to execute on our cost reduction plan to position the cost structure for lower volume environment. As a result, we saw sequential margin improvement in Q2 and expect to see this improvement in the second half of 2024. Moving to Aviation. During the quarter, we completed the acquisition of Amazilia Aerospace. The Amazilia team has expertise in digital flight controls, flight guidance and vehicle management systems for manned and unmanned aircraft. We plan on integrating their products and capabilities into our new platforms, such as the Nuuva and Surveyor. Nuuva program reached a significant milestone with the completion of vehicle one assembly. The prototype vehicle has entered ground testing, which supports anticipated hover flight later this year. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Let's review how each of the segments contributed starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues at Textron Aviation of $1.5 billion were up $113 million from the second quarter of 2023, reflecting higher pricing of $57 million and higher volume and mix of $56 million. Segment profit was $195 million in the second quarter, up $24 million from a year ago, due to higher volume and mix of $35 million and favorable pricing net of inflation of $22 million, partially offset by an unfavorable impact from performance of $33 million. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $7.5 billion, up $118 million from the first quarter. Moving to Bell. Revenues were $794 million, up $93 million from last year, primarily due to higher military volume of $104 million as we continue to ramp the FLRAA program. Segment profit of $82 million was up $17 million from last year's second quarter, largely due to a favorable impact from performance of $39 million, which included lower research and development costs, partially offset by mix. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $4.2 billion. At Textron Systems, revenues were $323 million, up $17 million from last year's second quarter, largely due to higher volume of $14 million. Segment profit of $35 million was down $2 million from a year ago. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1.7 billion. Industrial revenues were $914 million, down $112 million from last year's second quarter, mainly due to lower volume and mix of $119 million. Segment profit of $42 million was down $37 million from the second quarter of 2023, primarily due to lower volume and mix. Textron eAviation segment revenues were $9 million, and segment loss was $18 million in the second quarter of 2024, compared to a segment loss of $12 million in the second quarter of 2023. Finance segment revenues were $12 million, and profit was $7 million. Moving below segment profit. Corporate expenses were $17 million. Net interest expense for the manufacturing group was $20 million. LIFO inventory provision was $27 million. Intangible asset amortization was $9 million. Special charges related to the previously announced restructuring were $13 million, and the non-service components of pension and post-retirement income were $66 million. In the quarter, we repurchased approximately 4.1 million shares, returning $358 million in cash to shareholders. Year-to-date, we have repurchased approximately 7.7 million shares, returning $675 million in cash to shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. Greg, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Okay. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Peter Arment from Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter Arment: Yeah. Good morning, Scott and Frank. Nice results. Scott, your book-to-bill over 1 in Aviation. Maybe you could just give us a little color, what you're seeing in the market environment and any color on pricing and what aftermarket also did in the quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Peter. Yeah. Look, I think the end market continues to be robust. We're seeing strong demand in jets, turboprops. It's pretty much across all models and across the whole family of products, which is great. A strong response to a lot of the upgrades that we've done here recently in terms of existing models. And obviously, we'll expect as we go to the back half of the year to see continued strength in new launches like the Ascend and such. So I would say, again, as much as we've seen for the last couple of years, we're still sort of targeting that one-to-one area, but robust demand, which is great. Aircraft are flying. So we continue to see strength in the service business as well. 13% is particularly strong in the quarter, but we feel good about where that's been performing. So, yeah, across I think the whole portfolio is feeling pretty good in terms of the end market.
Peter Arment: Yeah. That's great. And then, just a quick one for Frank. Your CapEx, I think, you're $140 million for the first half of the year. I think your guidance is $425 million. So what is -- are you coming in at a slower pace or than kind of the guidance or plans to step up and outside of maybe FLRAA, what are the main drivers of the step-up? Thanks.
Frank Connor: Well, we'll continue to see growth in the second half of the year. Obviously, as reflected in those numbers, we're a little slower in the first half than we expected. We tend to be a bit back end loaded in CapEx though. So we will see growth in the second half. There's probably a little opportunity in that kind of full year number given the pace, but for now, that's a number we'll stick with.
Peter Arment: Appreciate the color. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Strauss from Barclays. Please go ahead.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, David.
David Strauss: Scott -- good morning. Scott, can you just give us an update on supply chain at both Aviation and Bell?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, David. Look, it's still problematic. There's fewer problems probably than we used to have, but there are still parts that are from suppliers that continue to give us some heartache with late deliveries and that does create some of these issues around holding the factory and reworked and [indiscernible] sequence kind of things. But what we've been managing through that, unfortunately now for a number of years, it does continue to drew -- drag on our performance in the aviation business and particularly the performance numbers continue to see factory inefficiencies that we would like to get resolved. But I think the team all-in-all is working through that. We're still able to drive higher revenue and higher profit margins. So I think all-in-all, the business is performing well despite, it's still a tough environment. I think you see most companies reporting and continue to see some challenges in the supply chain, still a lot of new people, a lot of training inefficiencies and things like that, but we're working our way through it. Same thing at Bell. We have a number of deliveries that we missed where we're missing some key components. We're working with those suppliers. And as I said, the number of them are getting smaller, but in this industry, every part is important. So we're continuing to have to work our way around, some late deliveries of parts coming in. But as I said, I think all-in-all, our teams operational are fighting through that and getting most of their deliveries done and continue to drive good margins. So we'll keep our heads down and keep fighting through that through the course of the year, I think.
David Strauss: Okay. Thanks for that. And your first half jet deliveries are relatively flat year-over-year. Are you still expecting higher, higher jet deliveries for the year? And could you maybe comment on latitude and specifically the deliveries were lighter year-over-year there, which is a bit surprising. Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Look, I think we'll -- we are still expecting to have higher unit deliveries in '24 than we had in '23. I would say for sure, David, we're a little behind where we would like to be on a couple of these models. Latitude is one in particular. We had a few deliveries towards the end of the quarter that we didn't get out. They've now gone. But we're working those lines hard in addressing some of the issues. Latitude specifically had one item that we had to kind of manage our way through and I do think we'll see improved performance on that line through the balance of the year. So bottom line is that we will still -- we will have higher unit deliveries and I think overall good mix and performance of the business. Despite all that, we'll show strong margin performance on a year-over-year basis.
David Strauss: Great. Thanks very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning, guys. Thank you so much. Scott, maybe to start on Aviation. Aviation profitability has been really good, 13.2 in the quarter, I think 150 basis points of net price. So how do we think about the puts and takes as we go into the second half? And is this sort of low teens a new level for Aviation profitability?
Scott Donnelly: Look, Sheila, I do think the team is performing well, right? I mean, we've got revenues up, margin is up, backlog is up. So we feel pretty good about where the business is. As I said in my answer to David's question, it's not always easy. We're still dealing with challenges in supply chain and things of that nature. But I do think that we'll see continued strong margins on a year-over-year basis as we go through the balance of the year. And again, we're feeling good about where the business is. I wish it was easier, it's not, but the guys are working through it. And I do think that we'll see strong margins. I think we still feel good about our guide. We still think this is probably a $6 billion business this year. I think we'll be well within the guide on the margin front. As we said earlier in the year, I think the price inflation spread, you'll see that getting smaller as the year goes on. But again, I think that will be in part offset by the fact that we'll continue to drive better we'll continue to drive better efficiencies and performance of the factory.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. And then maybe one on Bell and just the military portfolio there outside of FLRAA. How do you think about V-22 and opportunities there elsewhere in the military side?
Scott Donnelly: So I think the balance of the military business outside of FLRAA is doing well, right? I mean, we did add the H-1s from Nigeria, so that's 12 aircraft. We're able to start ramping that. Here this year, we saw some benefit of that in the quarter as that program starts to ramp up. V-22 production is still going along. Obviously, the five aircraft that were in FY '24 have now been added. So we look at that as adding a little bit of base. Nacelle Improvement Program continues to go. I think we'll see broader adaptation of our acceptance of that here as we go into the future. So I think there's work going on in the FY '25 budget and beyond that will provide some upgrade opportunities on V-22 as well as H-1. So the announcements around SIEPU. So I do think while the production unit volumes obviously will continue to ramp down, we will see some good flow of upgrade and modernization efforts on both the H-1 and the V-22 lines that will help to make that, to keep that solid as we start to ramp and really more -- move towards the production mode of the FLRAA program.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Myles Walton from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning. I was wondering, Scott, if you could talk about the aftermarket growth, you mentioned 13%, which is a pretty good acceleration given utilization is decelerating. Was there anything or is there anything that's driving that, whether that's non-typical on the military side or mandates or anything of that nature?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think all-in all, Myles, we're continuing to see good growth in the aftermarket business. Demand continues to be strong. Aircraft are flying. We did have a strong military quarter, in particular as we build the spares pool around the METS program for the Navy contract, but it's just in general, strong on the aftermarket side. Demand is there. Again, people are flying, so consumption is up, people are doing shop visits. So I think we feel in a -- and we're in a very good place in terms of the aftermarket overall.
Myles Walton: Okay. And then I guess on the performance disclosure, the $33 million drag, I know this can get a little bit apples to oranges comparison, but does that imply that performance actually deteriorated sequentially or didn't improve as much as you had in your baseline plan?
Scott Donnelly: Yeah. Myles, look, the performance category is a messy one as you know, right? So there's a lot of stuff in there. For sure, some of it is just some of those inefficiencies that we talked about, right? I mean, we're still not at our standard costs where we would like to be. So part of that number for sure reflects some manufacturing variance. But as you know, there's also a lot of other stuff in there, right? I mean, the business continues to grow. So if you look at on a year-over-year basis, SG&A, IRAD, these numbers, which are in line on a percent of sales basis, but those actual dollar values on a year-over-year basis also go through that performance line. So there's natural growth in SG&A, there's natural growth in IRAD. Look, there was a legal settlement in there this quarter. So there's always lots of $3 million, $4 million, $5 million things that go through there, most of which you would kind of expect in a business that's growing and continuing to invest.
Myles Walton: Okay. Got it. Thanks so much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Harned from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Doug Harned: Good morning. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Doug Harned: On the Ascend, you introduced the Ascend at EBACE and I thought that was interesting. Europe is only about, I think about 7% of aviation revenues. How are you looking at international markets, particularly Europe, Asia. Do you see those for aviation as potentially offering a bigger share of your total revenues?
Scott Donnelly: So Doug, I don't know if it will change dramatically that overall share of revenue. The Jet business obviously has always been more North American centric. South America has usually been our second biggest market than Europe, third behind that. So specifically, as you look at Ascend, I think we'll see a similar spread of share, much as we saw over many years with the XLS family. This really -- the Ascend in essence takes that historical product, which has been a homerun for us, probably the most popular business yet in the world and modernizes it, gives us great new cockpits, a little bit of thrust pump in the engine side, a much better cabin with a flat floor and larger windows. I mean there's everything -- I think customers will love everything about that aircraft from crews to passengers, performance. But I would expect we will see sort of the same kind of share because it really is the product that is hugely strong in that mid-sized biz jet market, but that is still largely a North American market and then secondarily South American and then European. So I would expect we'll see that same kind of share position across all those key segments with the Ascend as we used to see with the XLS family.
Doug Harned: And then on SkyCourier, I mean, SkyCourier seems to be, you're sort of expanding the envelope in which it can serve. How do you ultimately see that market in terms of scale? And how large could that -- the SkyCourier fleet ultimately be?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think it's going to be a very big market. I mean, if you look at the acceptance of that product, I mean, right now, we're just trying to make them as fast as we can make them. The demand has been really strong. And I mean, it's been great to see, Doug, it's everything from the pure cargo version. I mean, this thing is a beast in terms of moving cargo around the world. We're seeing a lot of acceptance on sort of small regional airlines, 19 PAX seating and then obviously, what we did here most recently with the combi is you have a lot of markets where they need to move PAX, but they also need to move cargo and that's exactly what the combi was aimed at. So right now, I think both domestic, international markets, cargo PAX, now the combi, the issue for us with SkyCourier is just continue to ramp up on the production volumes. The demand is there across all those segments and in a lot of different geographies.
Doug Harned: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Hey. Thanks very much, and good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Seth.
Seth Seifman: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the potential where the margin can go in the Industrial segment in the second half, kind of how much of the benefit of the cost cutting program that you felt like we saw in the second quarter and how much is still on the come?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Seth, I mean, I don't know if I'll give an exact number, but we certainly continue to -- we expect to see it continue to grow as we move through the year. We're not expecting a miraculous turnaround in the end market demand. We're watching that very closely. So if you look at the numbers Frank kind of went through, we've done about a third of the restructuring costs incurred here in Q2, we'll see another big chunk of that for the most part in the back half of this year as we continue to take cost out of the business to align with that volume. But I think when you look at that, it's probably going to generate, we're probably still running 100 basis points or something below where we should be. And I think the cost actions that we're taking will square that away. So it's -- the strategy right now is keep taking the cost actions. Don't assume that you see some miraculous turnaround in terms of that end consumer demand and just keep driving sequentially improved margins.
Seth Seifman: Okay. Great. And then maybe just as a quick follow-up. Very good order activity year-to-date in aviation. Is there anything you'd say to distinguish where the order activity is coming from with regard to either fleet customers versus individual customers?
Scott Donnelly: Now we're still seeing the spread is strong pretty much across all the customer base and both jet and turboprops. So it's pretty well across all characteristics, no matter how you want to kind of slice and dice, it's looking to be continually -- continue strong demand.
Seth Seifman: Excellent. Well, thanks very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Noah.
Frank Connor: Good morning, Noah.
Noah Poponak: The business jet output just remains, I guess, low relative to how strong demand is and where the backlog is. Are lead times getting long enough that it's an issue for some customers and you're losing some sales on that or do you sort of just not care about that because you're managing to price and the margins are good and you're okay on that front?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean, I think largely, Noah, this is an industry phenomenon, right? I mean, if you're out there -- if you had a dramatically different lead time, you might be disadvantaged, but I think everybody is dealing with the same issue. So we're still out there. Obviously, with a book-to-bill above one, we're selling, but we're delivering aircraft, but we're continuing to take orders into that -- into those out years. So it's -- I'd say right now, it's pretty well-balanced. And I don't think we're at a competitive advantage or disadvantage right now in terms of availability. We're all out competing. But in the timeline, obviously, based on the backlog that's out there year-and-a-half, two years in many cases.
Noah Poponak: Okay. The additional H-1 orders at Bell, can you speak to roughly what that adds annually and how far out in the future that will go?
Scott Donnelly: No, I don't think so. I mean the Nigerian order was 12 aircraft, like the upgrade programs like SIEPU, that will go on for quite a number of years, but I mean, those aren't all appropriated. So I don't think I would get into -- to that. It's the same, I would say on the V-22 program, right, we think there's missile improvement opportunities. There's a number of other things that are in dialogue with our V-22 customers on enhancements. Everybody knows that aircraft is going to be around for a very, very long time. And so like any military platform, you would expect ongoing investment upgrades, enhancements, but these are all dialogues and programs that will flow over the year. So I don't think I would necessarily start to get into a multiyear forecast on those.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And then just last one, does it make sense to walk through the math on the shadow decommission just so that's modeled correctly, how much comes out? What does it do to the margins? Did that affect the second quarter? Any clarity you can provide there?
Scott Donnelly: So look, I mean from a modeling standpoint, Noah, this is about a $50 million business or something like that, right? So I mean, we're -- we've already obviously worked our way through most of what the revenue is going to be this year as we wound down from Q1 to Q2. So I'd say it's fairly de minimis as we go through the balance of the year. Again, I think this is one where if you look at that team from our original guide absorbed that loss of the shadow, which kind of came out of nowhere, obviously from our perspective. And we've seen enough growth in all of the other business within systems to try to try to make up for that revenue and obviously continue to hold a good margin business. So I think the team has largely got shadow, unfortunately, it's largely behind us and the team managed their way through that and has positioned us to at least continue to operate the business well. And again, most importantly probably in systems focus on those new programs like the FTUAS, RCVs, the ARV, XM30, I mean there's a lot of stuff going on that business that has opportunity. But I would say largely what you model is we sort of have absorbed the loss of the shadow program.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Yeah. That looked mathematically a little tough to do at least in the very near-term. So, yeah, that's impressive. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr from Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes. Thanks so much. So, Scott, you guys have been kind of warning about margins. Don't get ahead of yourself because the inefficiencies that you experienced in the second half of last year are going to flow through inventory into the P&L and that will restrain margins. It looks like that didn't really occur. I know although I know mix was a plus. And as presumably your efficiencies are improving, even if not as much as we'd hoped. Should we be looking for a good improvement in the second half from diminishing flow through of kind of inefficiencies so that even though I assume the mix is negative given you got more latitudes, but so you could basically sustain this 13% type margin?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think that the 13% is extremely strong, right? I'm not sure I would say that we're going to maintain 13% as we go through the balance of the year. But I think it's going to be solidly in that sort of that mid-12s kind of range. So for sure, we will have some -- as I said earlier, probably less price inflation spread than we had. And part of that frankly is some mix. We do have a lot of latitude deliveries, a number of which are heavy on the fractional side in particularly Q3. And as you know, those have lower margin than a retail latitude. So there's, look, there's always some headwinds, but there's also good things that are going on. So I think this business is well within the guide that we put out there despite the ongoing inefficiencies. And at a mid-12%s margin, we feel like this -- our business is performing well, generating strong margin, generating good revenue growth, generating continued strong backlog. So I think the guide that we had out there, which I think we're clearly still on track to deliver is -- shows that business in a very good place.
Cai von Rumohr: Terrific. And then secondly, you continue to be aggressive actually even more aggressive in terms of share repurchase. You bought $358 million, 4.1 million shares. So you're basically whacking away at a 5% rate. What should we expect in terms of the Repo in the second half?
Scott Donnelly: I think we'll continue to focus on that Repo, Cai. What we're generating, we're getting good strong cash flow. We feel very good about where the business is on a cash standpoint. What we do some small acquisitions of Amazilia relatively small dollars that adds some real capability to the eAviation business. Frankly, technology that will help us not just the aviation, but I think also at Textron Aviation as well as future opportunities at Bell. So, but these are small dollars. Clearly, the bulk of the strong cash flow generation that we have right now. We're allocated to the buyback and I think we'll continue to do that.
Cai von Rumohr: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ronald Epstein: Yeah. Hello. Can you hear me?
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Ron. We can hear you.
Ronald Epstein: Yeah. Great. Perfect. Sorry. Yeah. Maybe just a couple of quick ones. Could you do a bigger version of SkyCourier? Like is there any demand for that from your customers?
Scott Donnelly: Ron, I don't know that we need to do a bigger version of it. It's a big aircraft. It's just -- next to one of those guys. But I mean the -- from a -- just from a regulatory standpoint, I mean where it fits -- first of all, fits really, really well in that short haul cargo market. Obviously, we work very closely with FedEx and particularly on designing that aircraft. So it was really designed to be in that (3) LD-3 container kind of space where it fits really, really well. And then on the PAX side, from a regulatory standpoint, you hit that 19 PAX line and this thing comfortably takes care of 19 passengers. So I think to do anything bigger than that, now you sort of start to step up into the ATR world and things like that. And I don't think that's really our space. I think the -- where there was a huge gap in the market was really when you went from our caravan, which obviously has been a homerun in that smaller cargo and PAX market and then up into that sort of light air transport kind of slide, we felt like SkyCourier is in the sweet spot of that. So, and we're seeing that from a market demand standpoint.
Ronald Epstein: Got it. And then on Aviation, I mean, how do I frame this? It seems like we're in a unique environment where for you guys, I don't want to put words in your mouth, but everybody that you have no white tails. Everything going down lines is owned. Have you ever experienced that before, if that's okay?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think you have to probably go back to 2007, Ron, to be there. But look, this is a business and we talked about this for years, right, Ron? This shouldn't be a white tail business, right? I mean it wasn't in most of its -- most of the history of business jets was not a white tail business. I think what happened sort of financial crisis, post-financial crisis wasn't how that business should operate. This business should operate off of a, depending on the model types, anywhere from 12 months, 18 months to two year, kind of a backlog so that you know when an aircraft is rolling down that line, where it's going. And that's where we are and I think that's where the industry should stay. And again, this is not a new idea, right? This is how this industry worked for decades and certainly good to have it back where it's supposed to be.
Ronald Epstein: Yeah. That's great. And then if I can, just one last quick one. Just curious, you mentioned that aviation, some of the technology investments you might make inorganically could flow back to out just broader Textron Aviation. Can you highlight anything that you're learning in that business that could actually help outside of the aviation, just broader aviation?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Look, the nature of what we're doing, particularly with unmanned things like Nuuva and when you look at the levels of automation that we believe need to be in things like Nexus, these are very highly automated fly-by-wire, digital flight control, almost autonomous, even if there's not a person -- even if there is a person in a cockpit like in the Nexus case, it's still in essence, the capability of the aircraft is inherently autonomous. So when you look at the Amazilia guys, this is an expertise that they had. But we've done this. We've done a lot of fly-by-wire on V-22, for instance. Obviously, the V-280 is all fly-by-wire, the 525 is the first commercial helicopter in the world is fly-by-wire. So we have capability in the company to do this. But I think as we go forward, not just for these things like Nexus and like Nuuva, but future families of products or enhancements upgrades to products is going to see more and more levels of fly-by-wire, digital control, quasi autonomous capability, but it needs to be at a much lower price point than what you've seen in these high end, very expensive systems. And so that's the technology that we're using, developing and working both through the acquisition and the implementation on things like Nuuva and Nexus are fundamental technology that -- well I believe you'll start to see in the lower price point on both fixed wing and rotorcraft markets in the future.
Ronald Epstein: Okay, cool. Thank you very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kristine Liwag: Hey, good morning, everyone. Scott and Frank, I mean, the strength in aviation is clear. Scott, you mentioned on Ron's question that, look, we're kind of almost back at that pre-financial crisis levels regarding the backlog. If you take out the performance headwind that you highlighted in the quarter, margins at aviation would have been 15.5%. I mean, this is also back to pre-financial crisis levels margin. So I guess when the performance headwinds tail off and the backlog continues to hold secure, is the mid-teens margin kind of the new normal in aviation?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Kristine, I guess what I would say is, look, some of the -- some of those performance items for sure are associated with these factory inefficiencies and we do expect over time for those things to get better. As we get better, the supply chain deliveries as our workforce becomes more seasoned again. So I do think there will continue to be underlying improvements going forward in those areas. But as I also said, some of these things around performance are also just fundamentally associated with the growth of the business, right? We are going to see more sales commissions when we have more sales. And we are going to see R&D, again, not necessarily a headwind from a percent of sales standpoint, but you're going to see higher R&D numbers as we continue to invest in the business. So, but look, I think the bottom-line answer to your question, Kristine, is we're not going to put a number out there right now, but clearly, over the last few years, we continue to see improvements in the margin performance of this business. And I think it's reasonable to expect that we'll continue to see that going forward.
Kristine Liwag: Thank you. That's really helpful context. And then maybe pivoting to a defense question. The European defense budget seems to be moving higher, a little faster and steeper than the U.S. defense budget. I guess, how do you think about opportunities for European sales? It hasn't been a huge part of your portfolio historically. But with the leverage of the business pretty low, what's also your interest in expanding European capabilities either organically or inorganically?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean, we do have a number of sales campaigns that go on in Europe. It's not, as you noted, has not been a huge part of our business in the past. I do think as you look at farm military sales opportunity, things like the FLRAA program, clearly that's a big part of where the army is focused is looking at partner countries around the world. And just as we saw for many, many decades, things like the Black Hawk become really important parts of those businesses from an international sales perspective, including Europe. We obviously will expect that to happen over time. And there's also some organic things. So again, if you look at rotorcraft again, I guess right now we've we did announce sort of a teeming relationship with Leonardo around pursuit of the European next generation rotorcraft opportunity. So that's kind of organic, but that would be a product that's tailored to that European market. So I do think there are opportunities out there and we are pursuing those and we'll compete for those going forward.
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Hi, good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, George.
George Shapiro: Scott, year-to-date orders have been about $3 billion in aviation, about the same as last year's first half. Do you think you can reach the $1.86 billion of orders that you had in last year's third quarter, which was particularly strong?
Scott Donnelly: George, I don't know. I mean we're -- as we kind of guided, we think this is going to end up as a one-to-one year. That's still our view. So if you look at order activities last year, they were stronger than that. But I do think we're -- again, our expectation is we're in sort of a more normalized world here where one-to-one is a good book-to-bill target. And we are coming through the first half of the year strong, which is great. I mean, I'd love to see that continue obviously, but I don't think necessarily $1.6 billion in the quarter is probably pretty sporty.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then maybe one for you, Frank, the inventories year-to-date are up like $467 million, obviously less in the second quarter with bedded deliveries, but still up $110 million in the second quarter. I mean, for the end of the year, do you expect that inventory level to come down to close to where it was at the end of last year's -- at the end of last year or we're going to stay $100 -- a couple of $100 million above it? Thanks.
Frank Connor: So we'll certainly expect to liquidate inventory in the back half of the year. Yeah. But in order to kind of grow the business for next year, we need inventory in order to sell products. So we expect we'll see some inventory growth on a year-over-year basis at year end, but not at the levels you've seen to date. I'd say overall, obviously, that offsets from working capital in other areas. So we think working capital is kind of flattish type number for the year. But obviously, there are offsets and payables and other things associated with that, but we do need some inventory growth in order to grow the business.
George Shapiro: And one last one. Industrial, in the first quarter, you pretty much said was primarily weak because of special vehicles. This quarter, you kind of said -- you didn't say that. So do we assume that both Kautex and special vehicles were relatively weak in this quarter?
Frank Connor: Well, Kautex was down on a year-over-year basis, but it wasn't particularly weak. It was just -- we had a very strong second quarter last year, frankly, both in specialized vehicles and Kautex. So you had a really tough compare from both a volume standpoint as well as a margin standpoint. But Kautex on a sequential basis was up quarter-over-quarter, but it was down a bit on a year-over-year basis, but specialized vehicle was down kind of more on a year-over-year basis, coming off a very strong second quarter last year.
George Shapiro: Okay. Thanks very much.
Scott Donnelly: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Skibitski from Alembic Global. Please go ahead.
Peter Skibitski: Hey, good morning, guys.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Skibitski: Hey, Scott. As we think about some of the softness in the consumer that you're experiencing at TSV, maybe to your Kautex comments as well, less so, but you guys aren't seeing that extend to any of your aviation customers at all. And I -- not even on the pistons or the turboprops. And I'm asking in particular, because it seems like deliveries on your lighter jets at aviation that Citation in the first half were a little bit lighter year-over-year versus the larger jets. So I just want to understand how you're seeing the health of your customers there. Obviously, they have bigger balance sheets, but I just want to get a sense.
Scott Donnelly: Yeah, Peter. I'd say when you look at our lighter aircraft, I mean M2, CJ3, CJ4, we're seeing strong demand. So book-to-bill in those guys is good. Even pistons, I mean, for the most part, we're just trying to make them faster, right? I mean, now the piston aircraft training demand remains very high, right? It's very hard to find a 172 anywhere. So I think the piston side of the business is good. The light jet side of the business is good. So it's that again, these are people with stronger balance sheets, obviously and looking out over time and there's backlog. So you can get one for a year or 18 months, whatever it may be even in the lighter jet side of things. So we continue to see good order flow there. It's that discretionary, sort of point-of-sale kind of consumer, you generally financed kind of market that's just -- that's down. As I said, we're aligning costs around that. As Frank said, it's tough, particularly this quarter. We had a really strong quarter for a lot of those kind of products a year ago. It's softer now. And so we've made necessary cost and production volume alignments to match that. But no, we're absolutely not seeing that behavior when you look at light jets or Bell 505s, Bell 407, I mean the market for those even that sort of the lower price point jets and rotorcraft continue to do very well.
Peter Skibitski: Okay. Interesting. Last one for me, just on GBSD. It looks like sentinel (ph), it looks like it passed its [indiscernible] review. Any change that you guys expect in the program profile for you guys?
Scott Donnelly: No, I don't. We're continuing to work very closely with Northrop. I think the program is progressing well. We've had a number of things that have added scope to what we originally had bid on the program. So I think we have a great relationship with these guys. That piece of the program is going well. As you guys know, I mean just in the media that a lot of the cost issues around the infrastructure as opposed to the missile itself have been a big issue. So for sure, there are scheduled challenges, which I think are well-documented, Northrop talks about them, their customer talks about them, but we continue to -- I think, to execute well on the program, see scope increases on the program and are continuing to make good progress on the -- on our piece of the -- of the overall weapon system.
Peter Skibitski: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And your final question today comes from the line of Gavin Parsons from UBS. Please go ahead.
Gavin Parsons: Thank you. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Gavin Parsons: It sounded like aviation guide in-line with the initial thoughts, industrial margin maybe a little below, but can you just kind of go around the horn a little bit and update what's tracking above or below to allow you to stay in the guidance range?
Scott Donnelly: Yeah. I think you actually did a pretty good job there. I think the aviation guys are well within -- in their guide and having a great year. I think that Bell Systems will probably come in a little bit above their guide. Strong performance in both those business. And as we've talked about, we'll probably be a little below the guide on the industrial segment just because of lower volume, particularly in that consumer space. But net, I think we feel pretty good about where things are and most businesses are performing really well.
Gavin Parsons: Okay. Appreciate it. And then maybe just on pricing on orders, it seems like you're still getting maybe mid-single digits on deliveries. Is it a similar level what's going into the backlog today?
Scott Donnelly: Yeah. Well, I mean, we're probably not going to give price forecasting, but I would certainly say price continues to be strong in the marketplace, so.
Gavin Parsons: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Okay.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10 a.m. Eastern Time today through July 18, 2025. You may access the AT&T Executive replay system at any time by dialing 1866-207-1041 and entering the access code 4306608. International participants dial 402-970-0847. Those numbers once again are 1866-207-1041 or 402-970-0847 with the access code 4306608. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Textron First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded for digitized replay and will be available after 10 a.m. Eastern Time today through April 25, 2025. You may access the replay by dialing (866) 207-1041 and enter the access code 8546032.  
 I would now like to turn the conference over to David Rosenberg, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
David Rosenberg: Thanks, Leah, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer.
 Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Revenue in the quarter were $3.1 billion, up from $3 billion in last year's first quarter. Segment profit in the quarter was $290 million, up $31 million from the first quarter of 2023. During this year's first quarter, adjusted income from continuing operations was $1.20 per share compared to $1.05 per share in last year's first quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions reflected a use of cash of $81 million in the quarter compared to $104 million of cash provided in last year's first quarter.  
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott. 
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter, we saw higher segment profit at Aviation, Bell and Systems. At Aviation in the quarter, we delivered 36 jets, up from 35 last year, 20 commercial turboprops, down from 34 last year's first quarter. Aviation continues to see strong demand across our product lines that resulted in backlog growth of $177 million and in the first quarter at $7.3 billion. Textron innovations fleet utilization remained strong in the quarter, contributing to aftermarket revenue growth of 6% as compared to last year's first quarter. 
 Throughout Q1, we saw continued improvements in our supply chain and hours attained in the factory, supporting delivery growth throughout the remainder of the year. At Bell, revenues in the quarter were up driven by higher military volume, reflecting the continued ramp of the FLRAA program. On the FLRAA program, we continue to progress through preliminary design reviews and expect to complete milestone B, which allows for the entrance into the engineering and manufacturing development phase of the program later this summer.  
 Also during the quarter, Bell received an award for the production delivery in Nigeria of 12 AH-1Z helicopters. V-22, the recently enacted FY '24 budget includes 5 additional aircraft scheduled for delivery in 2027. On the commercial side of Bell, we delivered 18 helicopters down from 22 in last year's first quarter. During the quarter, we continued to progress toward FAA certification on the 525 expected later this year.  
 Bell recently received its first order for 10 525 helicopters from Equinor, Norwegian state energy company.  
 Moving to Textron Systems, revenue was flat and margin was up versus last year's first quarter. During the quarter, we received notification from our government customer of the termination of the shadow program. We're currently working with the Army on winding this program down. This decision reflects the Army's transition from shadow to the Future Tactical UAS system to fulfill the need of organic intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance. Earlier this month, we received notification that we were awarded options 3 and 4 of the FTUAS program, and we remain one of two competitors for this next-generation program. Also in the quarter, systems was down selected with one other competitor to design, develop and manufacture a 30-millimeter Autocannon Advanced Reconnaissance Vehicle prototype for the U.S. Marine Corps.  
 This 2-year effort will develop an innovative combat vehicle that provides mobile protective firepower for the marines. In addition, the Army's FY '25 budget request funds the design of the XM30 ground combat vehicle in preparation for the prototype build and testing portion of Phase 3 and 4 in the program's development. Moving to Industrial. We saw lower revenues in the quarter, largely driven by lower volume and mix and specialized vehicles. Kautex revenues were flat in the quarter. We are encouraged by recent trends in the hybrid space where industry is experiencing increased customer demand and OEM investments in hybrid platforms.  
 Aviation, Pipistrel delivered 30 aircraft in the quarter, up from 13 in 2023. Also during the quarter, Pipistrel was granted an airworthiness exemption by the FAA for its Velis Electro trainer which will allow U.S. flight schools to use this all electric aircraft in their pilot training programs. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank. 
Frank Connor: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation.
 Revenues at Textron Aviation of $1.2 billion were up $39 million from the first quarter of 2023, reflecting higher pricing of $48 million and lower volume and mix of $9 million. Segment profit was $143 million in the first quarter, up $18 million from a year ago, reflecting a favorable impact from pricing net of inflation of $14 million. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $7.3 billion.  
 Moving to Bell. Revenues were $727 million, up $106 million from last year's first quarter, reflecting higher military volume of $95 million, primarily related to the FLRAA program. This was partially offset by lower volume on the V-22 and H-1 programs. Segment profit of $80 million was up $20 million from a year ago, primarily driven by a favorable impact from performance of $30 million which includes $13 million of lower research and development costs.  
 Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $4.5 billion. At Textron Systems, revenues were $306 million, flat with last year's first quarter. Segment profit was $38 million, up $4 million from last year's first quarter. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1.8 billion. Industrial revenues were $892 million, down $40 million from last year's first quarter, largely reflecting lower volume and mix of $51 million, principally in the Specialized Vehicles product line, partially offset by higher pricing of $16 million in the segment.  
 Segment profit of $29 million was down $12 million from the first quarter of 2023, primarily due to lower volume and mix at specialized vehicles. Textron eAviation segment revenues were $7 million and segment loss was $18 million in the first quarter of 2024 compared with a segment loss of $9 million in the first quarter of 2023, primarily related to higher research and development costs. Finance segment revenues were $15 million and profit was $18 million.  
 Moving below segment profit. Corporate expenses were $62 million. Net interest expense was $15 million. LIFO inventory provision was $20 million. Intangible asset amortization was $8 million and the non-service component of pension and postretirement income was $66 million. In the first quarter of 2024, we incurred $14 million in special charges under the 2023 restructuring plan, largely related to head count reductions to improve the cost structures of the Textron Systems and Bell segments in light of the cancellations of the shadow and FARA programs in the quarter.  
 We expect to incur additional severance costs in the second quarter in the range of $25 million to $30 million largely related to head count reductions in the Industrial segment. As a result, Textron has expanded its 2023 restructuring plan from a previously announced range of $115 million to $135 million in pretax special charges to a range of $165 million to $170 million. In the quarter, we repurchased approximately 3.6 million shares, returning $317 million in cash to shareholders.  
 To wrap up with guidance, we are reiterating our expected full year adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $6.20 to $6.40 per share. We also expect full year manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions of $900 million to $1 billion.  
 That concludes our prepared remarks. So Leah, we can open up the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll start with David Strauss with Barclays. 
David Strauss: Scott, maybe if you could just dig in a little bit in the -- on the deliveries in the quarter. I think the mix was pretty strong but relatively flat year-over-year and you build a lot of inventory. So maybe just how the supply chain is doing? Did you want to deliver more airplanes than you ended up doing? And how do we think about how much deliveries could grow this year off of 168 last year? 
Scott Donnelly: Sure. David, look I think that we certainly expect to see nice growth on a year-over-year basis. The supply chain does continue to improve the number of hours that we're able to get in the factory in terms of labor hours that are productive hours post training and whatnot does continue to improve. So I think we feel pretty good about how things progressed through the quarter. 
 Look, we always have a few aircraft that we would like to have gotten delivered. We definitely had some things that got late in the quarter or just didn't get to where they could transfer in time. But for sure, the trend in terms of productivity and efficiency and throughput in the factory improved as we worked our way through the quarter. So a little bit lighter than we probably would have liked but not a big number. And I think again, the momentum is good, and we certainly are still feeling very good about our guide in terms of a nice increase in volume on a year-over-year basis. 
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. 
Robert Stallard: Thanks Scott, maybe we'll start with Industrial, a bit of softness there in Q1. I know this is a tough division to forecast given its short-cycle nature. But are we finally seeing the U.S. consumer rolling over here. 
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think we talked last year Robert towards end of the year and in our guide that we expected to see the sort of high-end consumer dollars, sort of recreational personal transportation, stuff soften and we're seeing that. It's probably even a little bit softer than we would have expected. I think the automotive segment is pretty stable, which is fine. There are certainly some pieces in the vehicle business that are doing fine, but those high-dollar discretionary items have certainly softened. 
 As you know, those are often financed. Finance costs are certainly higher than they have been. So we expected it to be softer, our PTV business, which has been a great business for us. It was a little bit softer than we would have expected, and that's part of what we'll have to do some additional restructuring on top of our initial plan to dial that in and avoid a situation where we put too much inventory out in the field. 
Robert Stallard: Right. And then maybe one for Frank. On the revised restructuring plan, do you -- how do you expect the cash impact of that to flow through? And do you expect the savings to be roughly equivalent to the restructuring charge? 
Frank Connor: Yes. I think the savings will be ultimately in the area of $185 million or so kind of on a run rate basis and that we'll realize a fair amount of that by the end of 2024, but that will roll into '25 as well. The incremental cash is about $20 million in '24 for the additional restructuring, and we'll just absorb that into our cash guidance and overall cash for the restructuring for '24 is in the area of $60 million to $65 million. So -- but additional $20 million versus where we had been. 
Operator: Next, we move on to Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. 
Sheila  Kahyaoglu: Can we start off with maybe Bell, Scott, if we look at margins, they expanded up 130 basis points of Bell to 11% despite maybe $180 million of large contribution on the top line. So how do we think about the moving pieces to profitability for the year to get to 9.5% to 10.5%? 
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think we'll probably still end up in that range, Sheila. We had a strong Q1, obviously. We did have, as we noted there, a settlement on initial property-related lawsuit that gave us a little bit of a boost in the quarter. But I would say the team is performing well. As you know, we did restructuring actions to try to deal with the loss of the FARA program. We were able in a number of cases to take some of the appropriate engineering count and move that over to the FARA program, which helped us ramp that program up. 
 But we also had to take some cost actions, both in the -- as a result of the loss of the FARA program as well as some of the lower production quantities. Obviously, it will certainly help us as we start to see some flow of the Nigerian H1 where that gets that line back up and going again, the extra 5 on V-22, which is above the original program of record is certainly a nice add, and we'll start to see some of that flow through in the latter part of the year. So I think Bell had a strong quarter. We're continuing to focus very much on cost to deal with the mix issues there. But we'll clearly end up towards the high side of the guidance on Bell, I think they're performing well. 
Sheila  Kahyaoglu: Great. And then if I could ask one on Aviation, orders held up pretty well, book-to-bill above 1x. Maybe if you could provide any color on what you're seeing from your customers. One of your competitors noted interest rates are potentially prohibiting orders? If you could just comment on that? 
Scott Donnelly: Sheila, we continue to see real good strength across pretty much all the product lines in the business. So we're feeling pretty good about the order flow a lot of these aircraft are going to deliver a couple of years from now. So from a financing standpoint, I don't know, we don't -- I guess here is as much about that, but the order activity was staying pretty strong, very positive. 
Operator: Next, we go to Myles Walton with Wolfe Research. 
Myles Walton: Scott, I was wondering if you could touch on the supply chain within Bell. Obviously, the 1Q seasonally light usually for the commercial helos but down year-on-year. And then also the comment you made on the 525 certification at year-end. I know that, I wonder if your business heads had been quoted is getting more confident on that into the year-end. Could you also comment on your confidence level of that certification? 
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Look, the Bell supply chain continues to I would say, improve. We always have a number of parts that are sort of problem children. We're continuing to work that. But in general, I think we are able to manage our way through that. And I don't think there's anything new or surprising that would have, in any way, affect our guide as we think about Bell commercial volumes through the course of the year. 
 We did have a very strong Q4, obviously, on the commercial deliveries and so a little lighter maybe than we expected in Q1, but I think we're in good shape. And order activity there also remains very healthy. So I think Bell is in a good place. 525 flight test is going very well. The FAA flight testing portion, we're well into that. We have a few more performance flight test and then we go through sort of what they call FNR, which is about 150 hours of just durability reliability flying. 
 And obviously, as you guys know, we've been flying that aircraft for a long time. It's proven to be very durable, reliable aircraft. So I don't think we'll have any issues going through there. So we'll we should wrap up flight testing year as we get to midyear. And as you know, there's a fair bit of paperwork processing and final documents and all that kind of stuff that have to go before the final certification. But I'd say at this point, we feel pretty good about where it is. 
Myles Walton: And if it were certified, what would be sort of the production rate that you target over the next few years? 
Scott Donnelly: Yes. We haven't released a production rate on the 525. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Peter Arment with Baird. 
Peter Arment: Scott, nice results. Did you quantify what the settlement was in the Bell that affected the margins this quarter? 
Scott Donnelly: No, we didn't. I mean, it's not a huge number, Peter, but it's not that helped the margin rate a little bit in the quarter. 
Peter Arment: Okay. Okay. So I just want to clarify that. And then just a quick one for you, Frank. We expected that you would have higher corporate expenses in Q1. Just wondering, just from a modeling perspective calibrate the rest of The Street. Are we thinking more evenly spread for the balance of the year for your $160 million target? 
Frank Connor: Yes. As you know, that bounces around depending on where the share price is, but kind of we expected, it certainly will not be as volatile or may not be as volatile for the rest of the year. So we'll see. But yes, we're still sticking with the same target for the full year. 
Operator: Next, we have a question from Cai von Rumohr with TD Cowen. 
Cai Von Rumohr: Yes. So your competitors, Gulfstream and Embraer basically had higher biz jet deliveries and we're kind of closer to where they expected to be. And yet you guys continue to struggle. Is part of that related to geography that you guys are in Wichita and you have to fight with Spirit to get people because they're trying to ramp to. And that, therefore, this is going to be a longer slog than maybe others are going to see? 
Scott Donnelly: Cai, I mean I thought we feel pretty good about our deliveries. We always would like to get another couple of jets here and there, but I think we're doing pretty good and feeling good about where we are. On the labor front, where we expect it to be. So I don't see a problem with our labor situation in which [indiscernible] I think everybody has been challenged by higher turnover rates just in terms of the amount of churn. 
 And that's really been one of the biggest impacts to us on the productivity efficiency side is the number of people that come in and rotate back out, but I think most companies in all industries, frankly, are seeing that. But no, I don't think we have a -- we certainly don't feel like we have a macro unsolvable problem. It's improved significantly. The number of employees is where we needed to be. 
 And I expect we'll -- as I said, we will continue to see a ramp on deliveries as we go through the year. 
Cai Von Rumohr: Great. And sort of maybe going back to Myles' question. So energy prices are up 525 is clearly targeting that market. You've got an order for 10, do delivery start relatively early next year? So could we start to see some pretty good build on that program? 
Scott Donnelly: Well, we're already ramping up the production side of the program to start to meet deliveries, but I suspect those deliveries will be in the late '25 sort of time frame. I think we're in a very good place in terms of the cycle, as you alluded to. Obviously, Equinor is an energy company, and those are for oil and gas offshore applications, and we have several other customers who were in, I'd say, positive latter stage negotiations that are primarily aimed at the oil and gas market right now. So it's certainly a favorable time to be getting these things through certification. And I think it fits a nice place in that end market. 
Operator: Next, we go to Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. 
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much. Good morning, everyone. I guess, Scott, you called out the contribution to EBIT growth from pricing at Aviation, and we'll see more about the other components in the queue. It looks like the compares for pricing get somewhat tougher from here, should we think about I know you probably have some visibility into the backlog here. Should we think about the $14 million of year-on-year pricing being a relatively high level compared to what we're likely to see for the rest of the year given that those compares get harder? 
Scott Donnelly: Yes. I think it kind of is pretty stable through the course of the year. I mean we do have obviously very good visibility to the pricing side of things because they're all in the backlog. Obviously, what's important to us is to maintain that spread of net pricing over inflation. And so that's really most of the work as we go through the course of the year is just managing the inflation numbers around supply base and things like that. So -- but I would expect to see positive price over inflation through the course of the year. 
Seth Seifman: Okay. Okay. And then just a follow-up, I think you talked earlier about potentially some upside at Bell. I talked about being in good shape at Aviation. I mean when we think about where industrial came in, in the first quarter and where the guidance is, it looks like they're going to probably have a tough time getting to that guidance and then maintaining the overall guidance for the company of Aviation and Bell to fill in those gaps? Or that... 
Scott Donnelly: I think that -- yes, I think look, the industrial business, we would anticipate the revenue being a little bit lower than probably our original guide. I think we'll probably hold in the margin range. But I think we have sufficient upside in terms of the performance and how we're doing on the aviation and the Bell front that -- which is why we're comfortable holding our guide for the overall company. 
Operator: Sorry about that. We will next go to the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. 
Noah Poponak: Scott, Frank. Just staying on the Aviation margin, I mean, it's a pretty good incremental in the quarter. I think it was a little bit of an easier compare. We kind of a sense what units and price are doing. I think you've had cost input inflation, but you've also cited just kind of supply chain and some internal operating performance, maybe that's been a hurdle. Is that behind you now? Is that no longer an issue as you move through 2024? And is that a tailwind year-over-year? 
Scott Donnelly: I think you'll still see some pressure in second quarter. No. Remember, a lot of these aircraft are inventories, a lot of that cost is inventory. So it usually takes the first half of the year to bleed out in the performance levels and productivity levels that we saw in the back half of the previous year in 2023 in this case. So I still think we see some pressure for that. 
 But I'd say the good news is that when we look at the metrics in the factory and the efficiencies, productivity and things of that nature, we are starting to see some of the benefits that we expect to see in a more stable production environment, less supplier disruption, fewer onboarding, so less impact on the training. There's a lot of things the business is doing to try to address some of those issues. So I do think that we'll have margin rates that do continue to improve over the course of the year, but you're still going to have some drag of that inventory release, particularly as you get through Q2. 
Noah Poponak: Okay. That makes sense. And then I guess just a follow-up on the Bell margin. I know the FLRAA is still ramping and it will kind of exit the year at a different revenue run rate than it achieved in the first quarter. But it's also ramped a decent amount. And I think this year, you'll get pretty close to what the run rate is in the sort of medium term. And this Bell margin just keeps outperforming. I mean the amount of margin compression that was discussed out there in the market, I guess, in the medium term? Is that kind of off the table? Or I guess, how do you see this dollar margin hanging in '24, '25 or '26, just in the medium term as you continue to ramp FLRAA? 
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I mean, I think again, the team is performing well. We're doing everything we can on the cost front to deal with the lower production levels, things like the Nigerian order, the additional 5 V-22, these things are all helpful. I guess I would also note and you may have seen, if you look at the FY '25 budget request, one of the allocations of sort of the elimination of FARA and where that money in the out years goes, there is over $200 million of FY '25 money on FLRAA above what was originally in the [ FIDAE ]. So I do think that we're going to -- we're ramping quite nicely on FLRAA. 
 We'll actually probably see that increase in terms of the number of revenues on FLRAA as we get into 2025 above what we might have originally expected on the [ FIDAE ]. So that's another couple of hundred million dollar probably revenue step as we get into next year. So look, we'll continue to stay very focused on the cost side and executing and perform against all these programs. And as I said, I think that will drive us to the higher side of the revenue guide -- part of the -- I'm sorry, the margin guide for this year, and we'll certainly get back to you on the FY '25 guide sometime in January, February. 
Noah Poponak: Okay. And Frank, I guess, a decent amount or a lot of the items below segment manufacturing segment EBIT were pretty different in the quarter compared to what the full year implied on a quarterly run rate. If I look at what Aviation did finance did tax rate, corporate interest, even. Is it worth updating those on a full year basis? Or are they all just kind of still looking like the land in the range of what you had originally embedded in the earnings guidance? 
Frank Connor: Well, I think that finance will be in the range of what we had thought. We talked about corporate expense was kind of significantly higher this first quarter due to share price performance. But we'll kind of stick with that type of range. I think interest expense relative to, I don't know what -- we didn't really guide interest expense, but our -- I guess, we're probably a little better on interest expense, excuse me, relative to the $90 million depending on what interest rates do for the year. 
 Our investment in cash is a little better than we had thought given the continuing higher interest rates, so there's probably a benefit there. But the other stuff is kind of in the range of what we had talked about. 
Operator: Next, we have a question from Doug Harned with Bernstein. 
Douglas Harned: I wanted to go back to your discussion around pricing at aviation. This has been a great story with continuing to be able to get pricing ahead of inflation. But when you look at this, and I'd say outside of what you have in the order book right now. When you try and plan longer term, is this something you can expect to continue? Or do you have to look at this as eventually pricing is going to come back and kind of converge with inflation rates? 
Scott Donnelly: Jeez, I don't know. I mean, obviously, I would say at a macro level, generally speaking, over very long periods of time, price inflation probably end up pretty close. I think we certainly went through a number of years in this industry where the prices were where the products were way under price. I mean it just doesn't make sense. 
 So I mean, we had a significant catch up in price. I think got them back to much closer to where they should be. And obviously, our expectation is you're going to continue to see inflation on a go-forward basis, and we expect to see pricing increasing on a go-forward basis. And then we're seeing that. I mean pricing in the market is solid. And beyond that, I'm not sure how to forecast over a long period of time. But we still think demand is strong and the price environment is also doing well. As I said, I think when we guided, we talked about the fact that you wouldn't see as significant a price -- absolute price increase, as you saw in the last couple of years, but you also see some inflation starting to come down as well. So anyway for us, what's important is that we have net pricing positive over inflation. 
Douglas Harned: Okay. And then just switching over to Bell for a moment on -- again, on margins. You've talked in the past, and I think as one would expect, initially, FLRAA is dilutive. But when you look at that trajectory now that you're moving forward, you're headed toward [ Milestone B ], I would expect long term, this is a very accretive program once you're in full rate production. Can you give us a sense of how you expect kind of the time line of FLRAA's contribution to margins to proceed? 
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean, I think that -- as you described, that's kind of what you would nominally expect for any of these large defense contract programs, FLRAA is a very big program, right? So the EMD phase of this thing goes out through into 2030. Now you'll start to see, I would suspect initial production lots. We have LRIP deliveries that happen out in 2028, but you'll start to see some of the follow-on production lots be negotiated out in that time frame. But certainly, the next several years is very much dominated by the EMD program. 
Douglas Harned: Okay. And that would be dilutive in that period. 
Scott Donnelly: Yes. Correct. 
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Jason Gursky with Citigroup. 
Jason Gursky: Good morning, everybody. I was wondering if you could spend a little bit time on eAviation. Maybe provide us a little bit of an update on how things are going in that business and the development that you've got going on there? And kind of what the -- the next couple of years look like for you all on product development revenue and how EBIT is going to trend for us here over the next few years given that backdrop? 
Scott Donnelly: Sure. So look, I think there's obviously a couple of pieces that are in here, right? There's the Pivotal business, which I think is doing well. We're seeing -- we saw a significant increase in the number of deliveries here in Q1. I think demand for those products is strong. So we feel pretty good about where that is. 
 As I mentioned, we did get an FAA exemption on the ability to do flight training on the Bell's electro, which is fundamentally a training aircraft. So I think that will help us pick up volume as we can now sell those and use those for training in the U.S. domestic market. It's already been accepted, and we've seen nice growth in the international markets. We have a couple of new products that are in that in that product line, I think we'll do well. So I think we feel very good about how the Pipistrel guys are doing and how that's performing. 
 On the R&D, which is really the dominant piece of what's driving the financials in that segment, we have the Nexus program, which is progressing well. We're doing the full integration and testing of the first craft. We'll probably see -- we're already sort of doing ground testing and evaluation already. We'll probably see flight test later on this year on the Nexus front. That program is also, I'd say, progressing well. Most of the supplier selections are done. Parts coming in, we're starting to build the first airframe with an expectation that we would probably fly that sometime next year. 
 So that's really what drives the financial side. Now I would say that we're -- the level of investment that we're making right now into those programs is probably going to level off. So we saw -- as we've guided, we saw a significant increase from '22 to '23 and now '23 to '24 and those -- that level of spending is probably going to level out going forward. So we'll start to see some EBIT increased contribution on the Pipistrel product sales side. So I think that's clearly a segment that the investments in Nexus and in the newer program, we're going to continue to have us in a loss position, but it probably stabilizes going out the next few years. 
Jason Gursky: And as you think about the size of the market that you're going after, you're putting investment dollars against what you expect to be volumes. And so I'm just kind of curious, when do you expect the payback period to start on these investments that you're making? 
Scott Donnelly: Okay. So I think this is very much an unknown. I mean, there's plenty of studies out there and a lot of other noise in this industry that when you look at the eVTOL side of things, that it's a mega market. The exact timing of that, I think, is still a little bit to be determined. There's still plenty of work to do on the technical front from our perspective, technical work, regulatory work to make sure that there's viable products to meet that mission. So again, I think there's plenty of independent third-party data out there that has perspectives about how huge that market could be.
 Keep in mind as our spending here is relatively modest. I think we're taking advantage of a lot of cost and cost structure and talent and capability that we already have in the company. So if the market proves to be what third parties would say the market would prove to be, it's going to be a massive return on investment. 
Operator: Next, we go to George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. 
George Shapiro: Scott, the incremental margin in Aviation, as people were talking about was, I mean, like 46%. And I recognize that revenue differences are small, so the numbers can get somewhat distorted. But given that you said inflation will probably pretty much be somewhat similar to the price benefit that you got this quarter. Why won't those incrementals for the rest of the year run somewhat higher than kind of your objective of 20%? 
Scott Donnelly: Well, George, look, I mean I think when we look at the cost and what's going to come out of inventory and what the margin rates are going to look like, it's, I do think you're right. We did have a higher conversion on Q1, but that's certainly, I think, certainly higher than we would expect for the course of the year. So I think at this point, as we look at it, our expectations in terms of what inflation is going to look like, what plant performance is going to look like, which, as I said, is for sure improving through the course of the year as we get towards the high side of guide there, it's that 20% kind of range, which is generally what we've guided as a long-term measurement for the business. And I think that's where we'll be. 
George Shapiro: Okay. And one quick one for you, Frank. You bought a lot of stock in the first quarter, like 1.8% of the outstanding I guess it was pretty opportunistic? Or do we expect that you might buy more than 5% for this year? 
Frank Connor: Well, we talked about kind of 5% was in our guidance, but we also talked about the fact that we have a strong liquidity position, and we're going to return excess capital. So I think that kind of -- we did a fair amount in the first quarter. We'll continue to buy from here. We'll probably be on the higher side of that 5% for the year. 
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America. 
Ronald Epstein: Just maybe circling back on the defense business in the supplemental that just got passed yesterday. Is there stuff in there for you guys? I mean have you looked -- obviously you've look at it, but can you give us a sense of potentially what's in there for Systems or Bell? 
Scott Donnelly: No, there's not. I mean we really haven't been in the in the guns and bullet business. So most of that stuff is not replenishments of things that we have. I do think there's opportunities in Ukraine over time when you look at things that are possibilities for Bell on some other things and systems, but not something that's directly tied to these supplementals. 
Ronald Epstein: Got it. Got it. And then kind of back to aviation. Broadly, how is this supply chain doing in that? One of the things I've heard oddly enough is like window screens, windshields for airplanes or there's a shortage of those. I mean is there other stuff like that, that's just kind of random stuff to just kind of short in supply. 
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, Ron, as we said, it's the randomness is part of what drives us crazy, right? It's -- and they change over time. But you're absolutely right. Windshields have been a problem now for several years. And it's, I'd say, probably getting better, but it's been a big problem. It's been a problem for us in terms of production builds. And frankly, it's been a big problem for us in terms of our customers. 
 If somebody has a damaged windscreen and it's been an area of a lot of dissatisfaction in the industry, not just for the OEMs like us but also for our ability to provide spares in service. So it is -- certainly has been and remains one of the top problem items by category. 
Ronald Epstein: Yes. When I heard that I was astonished, but yes, I guess the current suppliers shut down the other supplier, whatever. 
Operator: Next, we go to Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. 
Kristine Liwag: Scott, earlier you mentioned on industrial, how you're seeing incremental weakness in the high-end consumer. Can you talk about the customer profile of those buyers? And if there are similarities to the customer profile for products like M2 or pistons or Couriers in aviation? 
Scott Donnelly: So I don't know exactly in terms of categorization of that customer per se. But I think that if you look at demand for all the way down to piston. The system 172, demand remains very strong, and we expect to have strong deliveries even over last year, but availability, the demand environment is very strong for that kind of stuff. 
 And too strong. I mean these are products that we see strength in terms of demand across the product line. I don't think they're the same customer maybe or the same consumer perhaps. But I think if you look -- now certainly, what we're seeing and we look at other companies. If you're in the business of doing boats, RVs, recreational vehicles, PTVs, that consumer has clearly slowed down. They slowed down last year, and we did make some adjustments based on that, but we've seen further slowing on that. But yes, I don't know how to categorize whether it's the same customer or not, but certainly those product categories have slowed down and everything from pistons up into light jets has not. And of course, that's a much bigger, much more important business to us, which is good, I suppose. 
Operator: Next, we go over to Gavin Parsons with UBS. 
Gavin Parsons: I just want to confirm if I heard the restructuring savings are expected at $185 million, given I think the initial plan was $75 million. And just what's driving the better number there? 
Frank Connor: Yes. That's a full kind of run rate when we get through it all. And it's really driven by the addition of head count reductions. The unanticipated Shadow, FARA and then the additional actions at Industrial are really focused on head count where the original restructuring had some asset impairment in it. And so we're getting a much bigger run rate savings as a result of those reductions to kind of rightsize those activities. 
Gavin Parsons: Got it. Okay. What is the transition from shadow to FTUAS look like in terms of kind of revenue and margins over what time frame? 
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think that's still a little bit to be determined when the Army canceled the Shadow program. They did say they wanted to move more aggressively on FTUAS, we have seen that in the awards now of option 3 and 4, which is good. There aren't, I don't think, formally published dates, but the dates that we hear about in terms of when they'll put an RFP out on The Street for the ultimate EMD production decisions, sounds like they're probably pulling that forward to where that RFP could come out as early as even late this year, which would lead to an early '25 calendar year award, which should be great. So the exact size and scope and therefore, the revenue and the margin is -- we just don't have visibility to that at this point. 
Operator: This conference is being recorded for digitized replay and will be available after 10 a.m. Eastern Time today through April 25, 2025. You may access the replay by dialing (866) 207-1041 and enter the access code 8546032. This does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-24 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Textron Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded for digital replay and will be available after 10 a.m. Eastern Time today through January 24, 2025 at midnight. You may access the replay service by dialing (866) 207-1041 and enter the access code 4065507. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Rosenberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Rosenberg: Thanks, Leah, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO, and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Revenues in the quarter were $3.9 billion, up $3.6 billion in last year's fourth quarter. Segment profit in the quarter was $384 million, up $78 million from the fourth quarter of 2022. During this year's fourth quarter, adjusted income from continuing operations was $1.60 per share, compared to $1.23 per share in last year's fourth quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions totaled $380 million in the quarter, up $12 million from last year's fourth quarter. For the full year, revenues were $13.7 billion, up $814 million from last year. In 2023, segment profit was $1.3 billion, up $191 million from '22. Adjusted income from continuing operations was $5.59 per share as compared to $4.45 per share in '22. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $931 million, down $247 million from '22. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. Our businesses closed out the year with another solid quarter with strong margin performance and cash generation. Throughout the year, our team has worked to mitigate supply chain challenges to deliver products to our customers. At Aviation, while we ended the year with an expectation of a book-to-bill 1:1, solid order flow and customer demand across our product portfolio resulted in year-end backlog of $7.2 billion, an increase of $782 million. Textron Aviation Defense delivered 13 T-6 aircraft for the year, up 10 from a year ago. During 2023, solid aircraft utilization within the Textron Aviation product portfolio resulted in a 6.5% growth in aftermarket revenues. At Bell, revenues in the quarter were up driven by higher commercial and military revenues. On the commercial side of Bell, we delivered 91 helicopters in the fourth quarter, up from 71 in last year's fourth quarter. For the full year, we delivered 171 helicopters in 2023, down from 179 in 2022. The higher military revenues reflected the continued ramp on our FARA program. On the FARA program, Bell completed the installation of the ITEP engine on the 360 Invictus. The team continues to conduct integration activities and prepare the aircraft for initial ground runs in 2024. Moving to Textron Systems. Revenue and margin were flat with last year's fourth quarter. During the quarter, Systems delivered the last detailed design and construction craft on the Ship-to-Shore Connector program following its successful completion of acceptance trials. Moving to Industrial. We saw higher revenues in the quarter, driven by higher volume in Caltex and favorable pricing in specialized vehicles. Moving to Aviation. Pipistrel delivered 135 aircraft during the year, up from 61 in 2022. Also at eAviation, during the quarter, the Pipistrel Bells Electro was selected to participate for a trial period to explore operational and trading uses for this all-electric aircraft as part of Agility Prime, the Air Force's vertical lift program. Summary, in 2023, the year -- we had a strong year across all of our businesses. We continue to execute on our growth strategy of ongoing investments in new products and programs to drive organic growth and margin expansion. During the year, Aviation announced the new Cessna Citation Ascend at EBACE and the Cessna Citation CJ3 Gen2 at NBAA. In May, Aviation delivered the first passenger variant of the Cessna SkyCourier to Lanai Airlines servicing the Hawaiian Islands. In the third quarter, Aviation announced a new fleet agreement with NetJets for up to 1,500 aircraft over 15 years, including longitude, latitude, and the newly announced Ascend, extending our 40-plus year relationship. In October, Aviation delivered the 100th Cessna Citation Longitude. At Bell, we began work on the FARA program in April. The team continues to increase activity on the program, ramping up engineering resources, contracting with key suppliers, and ordering long-lead materials. At Textron Systems, we advanced through the future tactical unmanned aircraft system competition and are now one of two remaining competitors down from the initial five. Systems also continued to win on land vehicle programs advancing to the next phase of the Army's XM30 program as part of Team Lynx and was selected as one of four competitors to build RCV light prototypes for the Army. At Textron Specialized Vehicles, we introduced the new street legal EasyGo Liberty LSV powered by our elite lithium ion battery system. At Caltex in 2023, we announced the first pentatonic order from an automotive OEM for a thermoplastic composite underbody battery protection skid plate, establishing Caltex as a supplier to the expanding battery electric vehicle market. In Aviation during the year, we began system-level integration of the first Nuuva prototype, our hybrid electric unmanned cargo VTOL aircraft in preparation for first flight in 2024. As we closed out 2023, manufacturing performance was trending positively with improvements in labor productivity and supplier deliveries. Looking to 2024 in Aviation, we're projecting growth driven by increased deliveries across all product lines and higher aftermarket volume. At Bell, we're projecting revenue growth in 2024 on higher military revenues from the FARA program and higher commercial revenues from increased deliveries. At Systems, we're expecting slightly higher revenue as new programs continue to ramp. At industrial, we're expecting flat revenues as growth of specialized vehicles is offset by lower than expected volume at Caltex. At Aviation, we plan to continue investments in development of technologies and products supporting sustainable flight solutions for unmanned cargo, next-generation electric trainers, eVTOL, and general aviation. We also expect higher aircraft deliveries at Pipistrel. With this overall backdrop, we're projecting revenues of about $14.6 billion, up 7% from 2023 for Textron's 2024 fiscal year. We're projecting adjusted EPS in the range of $6.20 to $6.40. Manufacturing cashflow before pension contributions is expected to be in the range of $900 million to $1 billion. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues at Textron Aviation of $1.5 billion were down $58 million from the fourth quarter of 2022, reflecting lower volume and mix of $158 million, partially offset by higher pricing of $100 million. Segment profit was $193 million in the fourth quarter, up $23 million from a year ago, reflecting a favorable impact from pricing net of inflation of $51 million, partially offset by lower volume and mix of $22 million. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $7.2 billion. Moving to Bell, revenues were $1.1 billion, up $255 million from last year's fourth quarter, reflecting higher commercial revenues of $171 million largely driven by increased deliveries and higher military revenues of $84 million related to the FARA program. Segment profit of $118 million was up $55 million from a year ago, primarily driven by higher volume and mix of $39 million. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $4.8 billion. At Textron Systems, revenues were $314 million and flat with last year's fourth quarter. Segment profit of $35 million was equal to last year's fourth quarter. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $2 billion. Industrial revenues were $961 million, up $54 million from last year's fourth quarter, largely reflecting higher volume and mix at Caltex and a favorable impact from pricing at Textron Specialized Vehicles. Segment profit of $57 million was up $14 million from the fourth quarter of 2022, primarily due to higher pricing net of inflation of $18 million. Textron eAviation segment revenues were $10 million and the segment loss was $23 million in the fourth quarter of '23, which reflected the research and development costs for the initiatives related to the development of sustainable aviation solutions. Finance segment revenues were $12 million and profit was $4 million. Moving below segment profit. Corporate expenses were $45 million, net interest expense was $13 million, LIFO inventory provision was $21 million, intangible asset amortization was $9 million, and the non-service components of pension and postretirement income was $60 million. In November, we announced a restructuring plan that resulted in pretax special charges of $126 million in the fourth quarter. We anticipate the restructuring plan will be substantially completed in the first half of 2024, resulting in annualized cost savings of approximately $75 million. Our manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $380 million in the quarter. For the year, manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions totaled $931 million, down $247 million from the prior year. In the quarter, we repurchased approximately 3.7 million shares, returning $283 million in cash to shareholders. For the full year, we repurchased approximately 16.2 million shares, returning $1.2 billion in cash to shareholders. Turning now to our 2024 outlook on Slide 7. We're expecting adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $6.20 to $6.40 per share. We're also expecting manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions to be about $900 million to $1 billion. Moving to segment outlook on Slide 8 and beginning with Textron Aviation, we're expecting revenues of about $6 billion. Segment margin is expected to be in the range of approximately 12% to 13%. Looking to Bell, we expect revenues of about $3.5 billion. We're forecasting a margin in the range of 9.5% to 10.5%. At Systems, we're estimating revenues of about $1.25 billion, with a margin in the range of about 11% to 12%. At Industrial, we're expecting segment revenues of about $3.8 billion and a margin in a range of 6% to 7%. At eAviation, we're expecting revenues of $50 million and a segment loss of $25 million, reflecting our continued investment in sustainable aviation solutions. At Finance, we're forecasting segment profit of about $30 million. Looking to Slide 8, we're projecting about $160 million of corporate expense. We're also projecting about $90 million of net interest expense, $110 million of LIFO inventory provision, $35 million of intangible asset amortization and $265 million of nonservice pension income. We expect a full year effective tax rate of approximately 17.5%. Turning to Slide 10. R&D is expected to be about $550 million, down from $570 million last year. We're estimating CapEx will be about $425 million, up from $402 million in 2023. Our outlook assumes an average share count of about 191 million shares in 2024. That concludes our prepared remarks. So, Leah, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And I would now like to start with Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning, Scott, Frank, and welcome, David. Scott, maybe first one for you. How do we think about 2024 aviation deliveries and just book-to-bill in the context of your guidance?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Sheila, I think we'll continue to see a ramp on the production side. As I noted, I think we did in the fourth quarter, start to see some improved productivity in the line. There are still some supplier issues, but number of parts coming into PO are improving somewhat. So I think that will help us continue to increase volume here as we go through into 2024. So I certainly see unit deliveries being up on a year-over-year basis, the market is still strong. I mean, obviously, our book-to-bill covers '24 deliveries quite well. But I think our expectation, as we said coming into the year was kind of targeting a 1:1 book-to-bill. We did better than that obviously in 2023, but our assumption as we go into 2024 is that we'll see a 1:1 book-to-bill. So the market is still good. I think we're seeing nice stimulation in some of the new products coming out, like CJ3 Gen2 has been really well received. Ascend, I think will start to also drive strong demand. And overall, the product lineup is in good shape. So I think market-wise, we're good, and we will see, obviously, to get to the guide of around $6 billion on the Aviation side, we will see continued volume on both aircraft production as well as aftermarket growth.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Can we get to about 200 deliveries in '24? Do you think that's reasonable?
Scott Donnelly: We are -- as you know, we don't put a number out there, but it will be increased from 2023.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Got it. And if I could ask one on FLRAA, just good progress on the program with ITEP. But I think revenues were about $175 million in 2023, fell short of our expectations. And how do we think about 2024, we have about $850 million of FLRAA according to the budget. So
Scott Donnelly: I think -- for sure, Sheila, I think our revenues were higher than that on FLRAA probably for the year. We won't break out all the details, but it was certainly just south of a few hundred million dollars. But we do expect as we go into '24, the program is reacting very nicely. As you know, like the number was lighter than we originally expected, just because of the delay with the protest in the early part of the year. But the ramp -- as we've ramped after the contract award is going really well. So I would expect a number closer to the $900 million range in 2024 on the FLRAA program.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we go to a question from Peter Arment with Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter Arment: Yeah. Good morning, Scott, Frank, David. Just maybe -- just circle back just on how you're thinking about kind of the margin leverage in Aviation, Scott, when you think about just because you called out some of the pricing that you continue to get. How are we thinking about just kind of that flowing through? I mean just given the margin outlook of 12% to 13% kind of at the low end of the range, it's flat, but at the upper end, obviously, 100 basis points. Just how are you thinking about that?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Look, Peter, I think we definitely expect to continue to see price net of inflation is a positive for us. It won't be as significant as it was in 2023, but we still have good pricing in the backlog, and I think it will be a tailwind for us. So if you look at the guide and the numbers, you're right. Look, I mean, we're -- as I said, I think we saw some improved performance in Q4 on the manufacturing conversion side. So we're bringing -- we're certainly baking some of that in as we go into 2024, but as you move towards the high side of the guidance, you get up into that 20-plus-percent conversion, which is where we historically like the business to be. So it's something we've got to work on, obviously. We still have some of those headwinds that we faced all this year on the operating side, but the combination of improved performance and continued price over inflation is positive, while it's not as big a positive, I think, will help us get towards that 20-plus range.
Peter Arment: Got it. That's helpful. And then just Frank quickly, the interest expense increase, just maybe what's going on there specifically? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Well, yeah, go ahead.
Frank Connor: Yeah, a little. We've got slightly higher borrowing costs from the bond deal that we did last year. So that's a little bit of the rollover on the financing. It assumes slightly lower cash balances and a little bit of conservatism around the interest rate that we earn on that excess cash.
Peter Arment: Thanks again. Thanks, Frank.
Operator: And next, we go to David Strauss with Barclays.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, David.
David Strauss: Scott, I wanted to ask about the V-22 grounding. Does that impact Bell at all? I know you have a pretty big aftermarket business on the V-22?
Scott Donnelly: No, David, I don't think it's a material impact. The services, frankly, are using the opportunity -- the grounding to continue to do their maintenance activities and get aircraft ready to fly. So we probably can't say much more about that situation than that. But no, I don't expect it to be a material impact.
David Strauss: Okay. And Frank, free cash flow, the guidance were flat, I know you had a pretty big inventory build in '23, but you also had positive advances. What are you assuming for working capital? And in terms of the adjusted EPS guide, what are you baking in as far as share count and share repo in '24? Thanks.
Frank Connor: Yeah. From a cash standpoint, we obviously are anticipating volume growth in the year. So that's going to put a little continued pressure on inventory levels as we look kind of to '24 and '25 volume growth, not a lot. There is a little bit of working capital pressure with the timing of some customer payment activity, particularly on the military side. Bell, in particular, had a very good year in '23 in terms of the timing of payment activity that puts a little bit of a headwind on cash flow. And then as you heard a little higher CapEx guidance kind of -- in terms of the spend there. So it's not any one item. It's kind of a little bit of headwinds on working capital associated with the things I mentioned and a little bit higher levels of investment. But we still think we're -- there's still very solid cash flow performance for the year. In terms of the share count, we talked about 191 million average shares. So kind of roughly 5% or so reduction in average share count for the year.
David Strauss: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we go to Jason Gursky with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Gursky: Yeah. Good morning, everybody. Scott, I was wondering if you could just spend a few more minutes on systems and talk about the pipeline of opportunities there and the timing of potential awards kind of with the backdrop of what's going on with the budget in mind and whether things like continuing resolutions to go out half a year have any impact on kind of your expectations around those?
Scott Donnelly: So the CR situation right now doesn't really worry me very much on the system side of things. As we indicated, Jason, we're going to be relatively flattish on the revenue in 2024, I'd say the pipeline is very strong. You look at some of these down selects on FTUAS, the ARV program, what used to be the [indiscernible] program. A lot of these things are significant opportunities for us are really important down selects that we achieved last year. We'll execute on those, and they're not big growth programs so they don't really have a CR impact that I'm too concerned about. And there are virtually all programs that will have their next significant contractual award down select in 2025. So that's why you see us kind of flattish. We had -- I think 2023 was a hugely important year for the down selects on those really important programs, execute this year and you start to see the revenue growth driven by ultimately being final selection awards, EMD programs that award in 2025.
Jason Gursky: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then just quickly on eAviation. We've got widening profitability losses, they're projected for '24 on higher revenue. I was wondering if you could just kind of give us a broad brush update on the plans for that business? And at what point does the revenue potentially pick up here and you begin to see those profitability losses begin to contract? And kind of your overall vision for that business over the next, I don't know, three to five years?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Absolutely. Look, keep in mind, there's two things going on in that eAviation segment, right? There's Pipistrel, which is our current -- it's a real business, real sales, roughly doubling the volume of aircraft sales from '22 to '23, roughly doubling '23 to '24. So I think the product lineup at Pipistrel is doing quite well. We're expanding distribution channels. It's a relatively small business, but it's doing well. What's driving the losses is these investments in R&D, particularly around the Nexus program, that's something that won't generate revenue probably for several years and investment on, say, the Nuuva 300 which is our hybrid unmanned cargo, which again, this is a few years from revenue. And so that's part of why is we broke this thing out, right? So you guys see these investments, which are, frankly, not dependent or tied to the revenue within that segment. So the two big moving pieces in there in terms of the investment side are the Nuuva on the unmanned cargo and the Nexus on the sort of the EV tall side, which, again, I don't think that has to be necessarily dependent to urban air mobility, but just GA in general. Both of those teams are making great shape. I think we'll see first flight of the Nuuva in 2024. We've also begun the assembly and wings and fuselage build on the Nexus program in Wichita. So both programs are making very good progress, but they're both technology investment programs.
Jason Gursky: Okay, great. Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Scott, we've heard some discussion in the business jet end market that even though 2023 was a decent order year that there's actually maybe some pent-up demand because it was so consensus that there was going to be a recession or something like it. And that in 2024 if we're having an inflation decel and rate cuts and some version of a soft landing that you could have your normal underlying demand plus anybody that deferred from '23. And so I'm curious if you hear that from your customers or your sales force and there's an upside case for bookings? Or is that too aggressive and just stick with book to bill of 1?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, no, I think as I said at the beginning, we feel good about the end market. Customer dialogues are robust. Frankly, the only headwind that I see would run to is just on availability, right? People would like to get aircraft sooner. So we're -- I think our sales folks are out there working hard. There's no doubt there's demand. I think that's, as I said earlier, helped by the fact that we've got some new models that are coming out that are going to be really well received in the market. So, look, all in all, as we talked about, the book-to-bill number can change a little bit quarter to quarter, but I think we feel very good about the end market. I think we'll stick at this point with our kind of one-to-one in our base assumption as we did in 2023. And if the market remains that robust, we can exceed that number, which would be great. So look, I think the market remains strong. It's -- we feel good about it.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And I wondered if you could just maybe discuss a little more just how much better is supply chain, labor, your ability to get airplanes out the door. The delivery number was down in '23 despite all the demand, kind of to your point there on availability. Whatever the '24 delivery plan is, it's got to be up a lot to get to that revenue guidance. Do you feel like you really have that hitting the ground running in January here? And then as that pertains to the margin, why would price net of inflation not be better if that -- if pricing is still good, I know the rate of change matters, but if that -- if the cost inflation and disruption piece settles down significantly for you?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I'd say I don't know how to quantify the exact number for you, Noah, but there's a couple of dynamics here that make us feel good about it. Again, we saw better labor productivity, all the metrics we track in terms of training hours, direct charging to [interact] (ph), all those sorts of things, applied hours, were positive in the quarter. We do track a number of parts that are late to PO. These numbers are getting better. Also, I think as you look at the '23 to '24, we have net less hiring we need to do to hit the ramp. Last year was a big year in terms of onboarding new people. As you can imagine, that's very disruptive. It's a lot of training that takes not just the new people, but it takes a lot of our capable people to help train and develop them. We made a lot of investments in 2023 around new training facilities. So -- but the absolute number, we still need to onboard new people, for sure. But on -- the number of them is less than what it was in 2023, and that should be helpful. The supply chain thing, as I said, look, it is getting better, but it's still susceptible to the wrong part not being available, right? I mean I think it's going to help us do less out of station work but we still have suppliers we're keeping a close eye on because a lack of delivery on their part could hold up an aircraft. So we're still being cautious about how we work through that, but it has improved. And like I said, there is less hiring. I think most of our lines are flowing better as a result of all the things I just talked about. So we do factor that into our ability to hit that larger number of aircraft deliveries in '24. And I think we'll get there.
Noah Poponak: Okay. That's good. I'm just going to ask one more. The Bell margin, pretty strong in the quarter, close to '23, well ahead of the initial plan. This '24 guide, 9.5% to 10.5%. Kind of flat year-over-year. There was a view that this was going to 7%, 8% as you ramped FLRAA, you're ramping FLRAA, that's not happening. Can you talk about how you're outperforming there and absorbing the FLRAA ramp? Is '24 the trough or does that still need to go down some number of hundreds of basis points before then going back up?
Scott Donnelly: No, look, Noah, I think, look, the team is doing everything they can to manage costs, control -- do the right cost actions here as we see the ramp down on some of these military production programs, and we continue to do that. Those were certainly better mix than a big cost-plus EMD program. So we still will have some pressure around the margin rate. But as we talked about that, the growth benefit of seeing this program ramp up, we believe will still generate accretive not dollars. So even if we see some pressure on the margin rate, the business will still be contributing positively to the overall dollars and therefore EPS for the business.
Noah Poponak: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Operator: And next, we go to the line of Myles Walton with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Myles Walton: Thanks, good morning. I was hoping to circle on Aviation. In the last few quarters, there's been more discussion of this performance as a negative variance to the profit walk. That wasn't part of the conversation. It was clearly price offset by a little bit of volume. So is it fair to think that, that bucket of performance that you all cite has materially become nonmaterial?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I wouldn't say non-material. I would say, Myles -- and look in 2023, we had pretty significant price overinflation benefits. And I think we did talk through the course of the year that, that did help to offset some of the performance issues that were driven by these labor inefficiencies and supplier impacts and stuff like that. So I think as you look at 2024, we're expecting improved margins. We're absolutely expecting significantly improved revenue and therefore, operating profit in the business. But the trade you're going to see is there's probably still positive price over inflation, but not as big a number. But you're going to have less performance issue to have to cover with that number because we do expect to see better efficiencies in the factories and lesser impact from the supply. So net of all this stuff, I mean, there's a different dynamic, I believe, in 2024. That's how we're going to get there than 2023. But the bottom line, you're going to see significant revenue growth and significant operating profit, including expanding margin in 2024.
Myles Walton: Okay. And then on the restructuring program, you executed, I think, about 60% maybe was directed at Bell. Of the $75 million gross savings you talked about, how much net savings is Bell getting in '24? And also is Bell getting most of the lower R&D benefit?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I mean we don't -- we're probably not going to break that all the way down, but certainly part of why the discussion I just had with Noah around why are we seeing some better margins and holding in there on the margin rates at Bell is this is part of why we took that restructuring action to control cost and manage our way as we reduce the volume in some of these historic military production programs. And so that's part of what's helping to sustain a better margin rate even as we see those programs ramped out. We just have to take the cost out of the business in the areas that were largely supporting these big military production programs. So I won't put the exact number in there, but that's a dynamic that's helping to improve that margin.
Myles Walton: And is R&D drop there mostly in Bell?
Scott Donnelly: It is. I mean, as you know, we don't break that all the way out. But look, we still had, as you recall, the delay of the FLRAA program in 2023, we had more of our own costs, still sustaining and supporting that program in the earlier part of the year, obviously, as that has ramped and become a full-blown contract, that's helping to reduce that number. The overall gross R&D, the business is still growing significantly as FLRAA ramps, but the net number in terms of the IRAD side is certainly shifted from that IRAD into the contract over.
Myles Walton: Makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question we have is from Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. She has disconnected. We will move on to the next line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Hi, Robert.
Robert Stallard: Scott, Id just like to follow up on Noah's question about the supply chain and the parts behind at the moment. Are any specific areas where you're seeing any problems like interiors that are holding things up?
Scott Donnelly: Nothing that I would comment on a call. There's -- we all have our problem children, Rob.
Robert Stallard: Yeah. Understood. And then secondly, there's been some press reports that Textron has been looking at some M&A competitions in recent months. I don't expect you to comment on that. But I was wondering if you could maybe reiterate your priorities for capital deployment as we start 2024?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. No, we definitely would not comment on that. And look, I think what we've talked about and Frank's indication on the share count of 191 million, obviously indicates that our priority continues to be share buyback, and that makes, we think, at this point, a pretty significant benefit for our shareholders, and that's what we expect to continue to do in 2024.
Robert Stallard: Okay. Thats great. Thanks, Scott.
Operator: And our next question is from Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Hey, thanks very much and good morning, everyone. I guess just asking about the performance at Aviation and kind of the improvement in productivity and parts availability that you started to see in the fourth quarter. Does that mean that in the first quarter, we can expect to see kind of a nice increase in deliveries and something that would kind of affirm the notion of being on track for the revenue guide for the year?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we're not going to get into quarterly guidance for sure, Seth. I mean, you certainly should expect to see a nice progression in terms of the revenue on a quarter-to-quarter basis over 2023, consistent with the guide of $6 billion of revenue for the total year.
Seth Seifman: Okay. Okay. Great. And then maybe just following up a little bit different twist on Rob's question. I know you probably won't comment on specific M&A reports. But the reports that we have read tend to deal mainly with the space end market. I wonder if you could comment on -- do you view that as an important and/or attractive end market into which to expand?
Scott Donnelly: I wouldn't comment.
Seth Seifman: Fair enough. All right. Thank you very much.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Seth.
Operator: And next, we go to the line of Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kristine Liwag: Hey guys. Can you hear me okay?
Scott Donnelly: Yep, we can hear you fine.
Kristine Liwag: Okay, great. Hey, Scott, Frank, Dave. Thanks. On your restructuring actions, can you provide more details on what you're doing and what your expectations are for the timing and the size of the payback from your investments?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Kristine, as we kind of put out there, there's a sizable piece that's going into Bell, and that's really aligning our cost structure with the lower production rates on some of the historic military programs like H1 and V-22. That's a very -- in terms of cost and the mix of people within the business, the ramp obviously is net positive, but it's largely in the engineering program side of the FLRAA program. So it's a necessary action to align costs with the old historic production programs. As we also indicated, we're just -- we're aligning some of our plans on the auto side to understand where is demand around the world and rationalizing where we think it's appropriate to keep that business healthy with a high return and cash flow. So just -- there's bits in a number of other places. But we believe on a run rate basis, it's going to be about $75 million a year positive impact to the business. And so that's, I think, a good return and why we decided to proceed with the program.
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thanks for the color. And maybe on Aviation, if I could do a follow-up. $100 million in pricing power for new aircraft is very healthy. And so if we're seeing -- if you're continuing to see bottlenecks in new aircraft production, can you talk about the demand environment for aircraft services then? And what's the pricing power in services, especially with the lack of new airplanes coming into the market?
Scott Donnelly: Look, I think what we saw this year, which was strong growth, 6.5% on the services side. Obviously, that's a mixture between volume and pricing. I expect we'll continue to see good demand on that side. We certainly have that baked into our forecast. Aircraft are flying. Our customers are running the aircraft. They're doing the necessary maintenance. So I think it will continue to be a healthy part. Certainly, what we've incorporated in the guide for next year is good growth in the service business, both our service centers as well as the parts. And as always, that's going to be a function of both volume increases as well as annual expected pricing in the aftermarket side.
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Yes, good morning.
Scott Donnelly: George.
George Shapiro: Scott, I was just curious, you were saying that the supply chain seems better, yet the deliveries in the fourth quarter were a lot lighter than what most of us were looking for. So if you could kind of just connect the two dots there?
Scott Donnelly: Look, George, as you know, it takes many months to build an aircraft. So the improvements in both the labor side and the parts side takes a while to push through the system. So the higher cost and a lot of the impacts that we kind of saw through the course of the year were full year impact. So -- but I do feel like as we look at the numbers, and what we experience on a day-to-day basis, we did see improvements. And I think that's -- as a result, you'll start to see that improvement as you get into 2024.
George Shapiro: And then one other one. The book-to-bill in the quarter was 0.9 and the orders were like only $1.4 billion. So that was really down a lot from last year as well as from the third quarter now. I guess you're just looking at as timing or have anything to do with Noah's comment that people are concerned about a recession in the fourth quarter, we get a pickup this year. But if you could just comment on that as well.
Scott Donnelly: George, I think it's largely timing. We always have a little bit of lumpiness in terms of when deposits are coming in on some of our larger customers, but there's -- I don't think there's anything concerning there. We've said all along, we expect there's going to be some quarters where it's going to be below 1:1, probably some quarters where it's above 1:1. But again, our assumption full year going all the way back through '23 was 1:1. We did better than that. Our assumption in 2024 is it's going to be 1:1, and obviously, we'll see how the market plays out. But I still think we feel good about the end market. We feel good about demand, and I think it's healthy.
George Shapiro: And one last one. The strong Bell margin in the quarter, I mean, does that just really reflect the commercial delivery strength, which has much higher margins, more than offsetting the drag from the lower-margin FLRAA program. And if that would continue next year, the margins would probably be somewhat higher than what you've guided to?
Scott Donnelly: George, I think we're continuing to see good margins on our military business, obviously outside of the FLRAA side. It certainly helps to have higher commercial deliveries. We -- I think we'll get some benefit of higher commercial deliveries as we talked about in 2024. But look, there's going to continue to be some pressure on the margin just because we are seeing significant growth in the FLRAA program. The reason we did the cost action and did the restructuring was to try to shore up the profitability of the business on the legacy production programs. And so part of the guide is, obviously, we continue to see some benefit of that. But again, there will be overall margin rate pressure going into the future. But I think as we talked about, even with that and the growth of the FLRAA program, we're going to see significant revenue growth, and we're going to see absolute up profit increases and accretion to EPS for the business. So I think as we work through a transition from legacy production to a new EMD program, I think we can manage our way through that well. And obviously, long term, it's going to be a great story for Bell.
George Shapiro: Okay. Thanks very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Next, we move to Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global. Please go ahead.
Pete Skibitski: Hi, good morning, guys. Scott, can you expand on your opening comments regarding Caltex and your expectations there in 2024? It sounds like you think you might be a little bit weak there. Just was wondering what the drivers were?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Pete. Look, that's one business where we really depend on sort of industry customer forecasts. So our guide reflects that. We don't really apply a whole lot of our own judgment to that. We really go with where the industry tells us they're going and we got to see how the year plays out. I think we feel good about the business. Some of the restructuring we did was reflective of where the volume growth is and where the volume growth isn't. But the business is in a healthy place, and the margins have been doing better as we've come out of all the sort of the post-COVID world and the volumes will be obviously consistent with global auto OEM numbers.
Pete Skibitski: Okay. Got it. And then I had a couple of questions on Aviation. Are you expecting Caravan sales deliveries to be up in '24? I know you delivered a lot of them to Asia, and we're seeing some softness in China. So just wondering what you're seeing there?
Scott Donnelly: Look, Peter, I mean we're not going to get into model-by-model. But I would say net of everything, the turboprop market is doing really, really well. As you know, that does tend to be a little bit more international. I think we usually give the numbers, roughly 60% international versus the jet side is 80%. But I think our Turboprop business is in a really good place. I think Caravans will do well. I think King Airs are going to be strong. We continue the ramp on the SkyCourier. So we tend to get most of the questions around Jet. But look, I think the turboprop business is in a very good place, and we certainly net expect to see that business continue to grow in 2024.
Pete Skibitski: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we go to the question from Cai von Rumohr with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes. Thanks so much. So, Scott, at Bell, are you looking for -- is part of the profit strength this year '24 coming from closeouts on the V-22 and the H1? And secondly, is there any risk to FLRAA volume from an extended CRR?
Scott Donnelly: So, Cai, look, I think the 2024 -- obviously, we'll see some contracts come to an end, and there will be some MR release when you do that. But look, I think we can execute well on that pro forma. I mean, I think Q4 is a good example, Cai. We had about $8 million total in the company of EACs that's not a particularly material number and it's flat on a year-over-year basis. So do I think we'll have some reserve release next year? Sure, we will. I mean, we normally do as we perform through these programs. But I think the cost-out activity that we've been driving, the absorption and growth on both the commercial revenue side as well as the FLRAA revenue side will all help to contribute to preserving and getting a good margin rate for 2024. And in terms of the -- I'm sorry, in terms of the CRR, okay, I think we're okay. I mean, as we've talked about before, if the CRR goes all the way through a full year, that could put some pressure for sure. I think the Army probably has backup plans, they're trying to work in terms of how they would move money around. Obviously, FLRAA is a very high priority, very important program to them as well. So the whole thing would be a heck of a lot easier if Congress would just pass the budget for sure. But right now, I think we're okay unless it really goes to a full year, I think we'll collectively [return] (ph) ourselves and the Army to be able to manage through it.
Cai von Rumohr: Got it. And last one. At Aviation, can you give us some color in terms of where the order strength is in terms of fractionals versus high net worth versus corporate?
Scott Donnelly: It's pretty stable, Cai. We aren't really seeing a change from where we were. We don't break all that out, obviously, but it's -- the demand has been pretty strong. In terms of mix, as you know, the jet stuff tends to be more domestic, roughly 80-20, the turboprop is more like 60-40 international. We haven't seen big changes in that. We haven't seen big changes in the mix between what goes through the fractional world and what goes through the whole aircraft side, end demand continues to be, we think, pretty strong across the board.
Cai von Rumohr: Thank you very much.
Operator: Next, we go to a question from Doug Harned with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Doug Harned: Good morning, thank you. Scott, in the past, you commented on the supply chain that you'd actually seen more challenges at Bell than you had in Aviation. And given the strong margins at Bell, I mean, can you comment on where that stands today?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, this is the [challenge of the world we're look at, right?] (ph) I mean, we had some pretty significant impacts at Bell in the earlier part of the year around a very small number of suppliers, a couple of those suppliers either got healthier in some cases, we brought stuff inside and exited those suppliers. So when you do that, we had a situation at Bell with a couple of the aircraft models where we had very specific supply issues that we were able to resolve. And as a result, Q4 had a pretty strong delivery number on a year-over-year basis. So again, this is the challenge. So while the absolute number of parts might be getting less, you can still have a part problem that has a significant impact. So that's just the nature of the beast and what our guys work through every day. So I think we did resolve a couple of critical issues in the latter part of the year at Bell that enabled those higher deliveries. And obviously, we've got to keep working.
Doug Harned: And then if I go back to the Aviation side and the end market, one of the things we've seen is more preowned airplanes out there for sale, higher percentage. We're still not back at kind of historical norms. But you were commenting that you're seeing a little bit less pricing benefit relative to inflation. I mean are you seeing any potential pressure here from pre-owned and as you look at your market?
Scott Donnelly: No, we're not. Look, I think it's -- look, first of all, as you noted, it's up versus where it was, which was at ridiculously low levels. It's still at historically lower levels than normal. And we keep a very close eye on this. They're mostly much older aircraft, right? So the phenomenon that people kind of refer back to is, geez, do you have aircraft competing with new aircraft sales, obviously, there was a time, going back a number of years ago now, where you have relatively new aircraft that were coming on to the market. And we're just -- we're not seeing that dynamic. When we look at what's out there, what's available for sale in the used market, the number is increasing, but they are considerably older and in large part, out of production aircraft. So no, we're not really seeing an impact of used aircraft out there that are competing with new aircraft sales.
Doug Harned: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Operator: And next we go to Gavin Parsons with UBS. Please go ahead.
Gavin Parsons: Thank you, good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Gavin Parsons: I just wanted to circle back to industrial margins and just get a better sense for what's driving that, given I think context had been the section segment underperforming. And then just thoughts on, it seems like in TSV, some of your recreational vehicle competitors are having headwinds. So what's driving the margins and growth there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I mean, every -- sorry, look, we've -- we look at those end markets, be it in the auto side or in the vehicle side. And our view is, as I said, I think, overall, the industrial will be pretty flat, but with improved margins. And that's largely, again, based on just industry forecast, we think Caltex volumes will be down somewhat, although we think margins will continue to improve in that business. On the vehicle side, I think we'll see modest growth, and that is because we do factor in some of these higher dollar discretionary items. We don't expect to see growth in that area. But net of all of that, the business probably still sees some modest growth, and again, continued performance on the margin line. So those things that you guys might aggregate and look at in terms of other guys in that market are completely consistent with what we're seeing. But again, that is absolutely factored into our guide.
Gavin Parsons: That's helpful. And maybe just circling back to the NetJets 1,500 over 15 years, I think typically, they firm up about a year out. But on average, that would be 100 deliveries a year. Is that something you need more visibility from them on over a decade of orders or
Scott Donnelly: Well, we don't. And you're right. So we -- the way we treat the backlog is when those firm up and that is roughly 12 months where they actually put deposits down, that's the point at which we move those aircraft into actual backlog. In terms of looking out beyond that, we do absolutely work closely with them on forecasting what that demand is going to look like even outside of that one-year firm up period. So we certainly have very, very good dialogue and working with them to collectively anticipate what that demand is going to be on the fractional side. But then we don't firm up and put into that actual backlog number until roughly, as you said, that one-year window.
Gavin Parsons: That makes sense. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, as a reminder, this conference is available for digitized replay and will be available after 10 a.m. Eastern Time today through January 24, 2025. You may access the replay by dialing (866) 207-1041 and enter the access code of 4065507. And that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q3 2023 Textron Earnings Release Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Eric Salander, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Leah, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Revenues in the quarter were $3.3 billion, up $265 million last year's third quarter. Segment profit in the quarter was $332 million, up $60 million from the third quarter of 2022. During this year's third quarter, we reported income from continuing operations of $1.35 per share. Adjusted income from continuing operations, a non-GAAP measure, was $1.49 per share compared to $1.15 per share in last year's third quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions, a non-GAAP measure totaled $205 million in the quarter compared to $292 million in the third quarter of 2022. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric, and good morning, everyone. The third quarter was a strong quarter for Textron with revenues up at Aviation, Industrial and Systems, while revenues were flat at Bell versus the prior year. At Aviation in the quarter, we delivered 39 jets, flat with last year and 38 commercial turboprops, up from 33 in last year's third quarter. Aviation solid demand across our jet and turboprop products resulted in our strongest order quarter of the year with a 12% increase over the third quarter of 2022. Backlog grew $521 million, ending the third quarter at $7.4 billion. In the quarter, Aviation announced a new fleet agreement with NetJets, extending our 40-plus year relationship and giving NetJets the option to purchase an additional 1,500 aircraft, including the Citation Latitude and Longitude for the next 15 years. As part of this agreement, NetJets will also be the Fleet Watch customer for the newly announced Citation Ascend, which is expected to enter into service in 2025. Also in the quarter, Aviation received a special missions order for 17 King Air 360 to be used for flight inspection. Aviation also announced [indiscernible] favorability finalized its initial order for 20 grand caravans during the third quarter.  On the new product front, Aviation wrapped up a successful NBAA show last week, where we announced 2 new product upgrades, the Citation CJ3 Gen 2 and the Citation M2 Gen 2, continuing our strategy of modernizing our existing aircraft portfolio while also investing in clean sheet aircraft. Moving to Bell. Overall, revenues were flat in the quarter with improved margin performance. Bell had higher military revenues in the quarter, largely reflecting the continued ramp on the [indiscernible] program. On the commercial side, Bell delivered 23 helicopters, down from 49 in last year's third quarter. The lower deliveries reflected manufacturing disruptions related to supply chain shortages. During the quarter, a rock order 15 505 aircraft to replace their pilot trading fleet, continuing with the success of Bell 505 as a military trainer throughout the world. Textron Systems, we saw higher revenues and margins in the quarter. During the quarter, Systems Aerosan Hybrid Quad was 1 of 2 competing unmanned aero systems that was awarded the second option agreement for the Army's Future Tactical Unmanned Aircraft System or FTUAS program. Onto the second option agreement, the 2 remaining competitors will work with the Army towards a critical design review, which includes establishing final system design and initial product baseline. Also during the quarter, Systems was 1 of 4 competitors to build light robotic combat vehicle prototype for the army. Prototypes are expected to be delivered in 2024. Systems also expanded its Aerosonde SUAS operations with the U.S. Navy with an award of additional 3 C-based systems aboard total combat ships. Moving to Industrial. We saw higher revenues in the quarter, driven by higher volume in both Specialized Vehicle and Kautex. Specialized Vehicles, we continue to see strong demand in the fleet gulf business. Within Kautex, we saw increased volumes year-over-year driven by the recovery in the North American auto market. Moving to eAviation. Pipistrel Alpha Trainer continues to gain momentum with Mesa Air ordering 25 additional alpha train aircraft in the quarter, for use in the pilot development program. Also the first [indiscernible] prototype, our hybrid electric unmanned cargo vital aircraft is currently undergoing systems integration and has completed the initial installation of the battery and motor systems. We expect the prototype to enter vehicle ground testing phases by the end of the year. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues at Textron Aviation of $1.3 billion were up $171 million from last year's third quarter, reflecting higher volume and mix of $89 million and higher pricing of $82 million. Segment profit was $160 million in the third quarter, up $29 million from a year ago, due to favorable pricing net of inflation of $39 million and a $23 million favorable impact from higher volume and mix, partially offset by an unfavorable impact from performance of $33 million, largely related to supply chain and labor inefficiencies.  Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $7.4 billion.  Moving to Bell, revenues were $754 million, flat with the third quarter of 2022, with lower commercial helicopter volume largely offset by higher military volume. Segment profit of $77 million was up $3 million from last year's third quarter, primarily due to favorable platform performance of [indiscernible] million, largely reflecting a lower research and development costs, partially offset by lower volume and mix of $16 million. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $5.2 billion. At Textron Systems, revenues were $309 million, up $17 million from last year's third quarter, largely reflecting higher volume. Segment profit of $41 million was up $10 million compared with the third quarter of 2022 primarily due to a favorable impact from performance of $8 million. Backlog in this segment ended the quarter of $2 billion. Industrial revenues were $922 million, up $73 million from last year's third quarter, largely due to a higher volume and mix of $45 million at both product lines and an $18 million favorable impact from pricing. Segment profit of $51 million was up $15 million from the third quarter of 2022. Textron eAviation segment revenues were $7 million and segment loss was $19 million in the quarter, primarily reflecting research and development costs. Finance segment revenues were $13 million and profit was $22 million, up $15 million from last year's third quarter, largely due to a recovery of amounts that were previously written off related to one customer relationship. Moving below segment profit. Corporate expenses were $38 million. Net interest expense was $11 million, LIFO inventory provision was $26 million. Intangible asset amortization was $10 million and the non-service components of pension and postretirement income was $59 million. In the quarter, we repurchased approximately 3.1 million shares returning $235 million in cash to shareholders. Year-to-date, we've repurchased approximately 12.5 million shares, returning $885 million in cash to shareholders. To wrap up with guidance, we are increasing our expected full year adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $5.45 to $5.55, up from our prior range of $5.20 to $5.30. We're also continuing to expect full year manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions of $900 million to $1 billion. That concludes our prepared remarks. So we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Maybe if we can talk about Aviation to start spot, competitors on pricing or mix at NBAA, but aviation still booked 7 points of gross price, 3 points of net price. What are you seeing in your backlog in terms of pricing?  And I know everyone wants to nitpick on your backlog, but it was still up 15%. How much of that included NetJets?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Sheila. I look -- I would say that the price environment continues to be strong. Aircraft that are going into backlog continue to do so at good pricing. So we feel good about where that is in the marketplace. In terms of the NetJets, look, obviously, the extension of the contract that we've had with NetJets for a long time for 1,500 additional aircrafts is a huge deal for us. It's really important to the future of the business. As you know, that's a very diversified customer base. The business and the partnership that we have with NetJets is very, very important to us. In terms of the impact in the quarter, it wasn't material. As you know, the way we treat the NetJets in terms of backlog is that we're basically working with NetJets all the time and looking about a year out, which is the time line where they firm up the tails and put down deposits, and we commit the delivery dates to those aircraft. So every quarter, we sell aircraft to NetJets and we add additional jets into the backlog. So generally speaking, it's right around that one-to-one range. So again, it's a huge really important thing for the future of the business, but not something that materially impacted the backlog in the quarter.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: No, that's helpful. And then if you could talk about Bell margins, they posted another 10% margin. What's going on there, maybe in particular on the R&D side with FLRAA and FARA now that you have [indiscernible]?
Scott Donnelly: So look, I think Bell performance in terms of the numbers and getting volume coming in, particularly as the FLRAA program ramps up is helpful. R&D is certainly a tailwind for us, and that's helping us on the performance line. Largely driven by the fact that a year ago. We were still spending a good deal of our own IRAD money in programs like FLRAA, which are now in the fully funded category. So we do still have work going on, obviously, with FARA, as you mentioned, we did get the engine this week, which is great. Our team will proceed now to get that installed and start running preliminary integration tests. We will need to be waiting for the army to give the ground test release for that. And then ultimately, the flight test release, hopefully, as you get that aircraft flying in 2024. But performance was strong. And yes, for sure, part of that is reduced IRAD spending, as we now have more funded R&D under the FLRAA program.
Operator: We move on to David Strauss with Barclays.
David Strauss: Scott, could you just maybe give a little bit more color on the supply chain issues at Aviation? The performance hit, I think, was the biggest that we've seen there. So are things getting better or worse? And is it engines? Or what other color can you give?
Scott Donnelly: Well, David, I guess the color I would give is that, look, obviously, the business pays a lot of attention and tracks sort of trend data. And I would say that from a standpoint, is it getting better, the trend data would say, yes, it is getting better. The number of parts that come in late to PO has been declining through the course of the year.  They look at labor, effectivity and efficiencies that has been getting, modestly better as we're going through the year. But it's still a problem, right? So it's -- I wouldn't say we have any one big like engine that's just driving this. As you get towards the end of the quarter, if you're missing parts for aircraft, that's -- you still can't deliver that aircraft. So it is I guess, getting better from a context of how many parts are late to PO, but parts are still late to PO. And as we often say, David, every part is important on an airplane. So we're continuing to see that challenge across the number of aircraft types. I think it will continue to -- we certainly expect it to get better as we go through time, but it's going to be something we're going to fighting our way through. But I guess the only thing I would point out is despite all that, I mean, we obviously would like to have delivered some more aircraft in the quarter. And in particular, we have customers that would like to see us to deliver those aircraft in the quarter. But despite all that and the challenges and the headwinds around labor and supply, we're still posting strong growth in the business and good strong margin expansion in the business. So I think despite a lot of these headwinds, the business performance is growing very well. It's growing and it's continuing to drive improved profitability.
David Strauss: Okay. And maybe, Scott, if you could just level set us what we should expect for full year deliveries? Are we looking more kind of 175 to 180 in that range?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we're not going to -- we're probably not going to give exact aircraft numbers, David, but it's going to be in that neighborhood, I would expect.
Operator: Next, we move on to Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: Scott, maybe you could just spend another minute on the demand environment, in Aviation and in the business jet market. It's a pretty strong bookings number with a decent amount of uncertainty out there. So what are your customers saying? How much of that is just replacement so they have to do it kind of in a wide range of macro scenarios? How is October? Would just love to hear some more color from you.
Scott Donnelly: Look, Noah. The demand environment continues to be strong. I mean, this is a really strong -- book-to-bill is very strong and just an absolute dollar flow of order activity in the quarter. So we just haven't seen it slowing down. People are buying aircraft. And are they replacing older aircraft? Absolutely. Or in some cases, are the expanding fleet capacity, absolutely. We continue to see strong demand, obviously, part of the rationale behind the [indiscernible] program. As they continue to see very strong demand on the fractional side. So it's really across the board. And it's typical what we've been seeing for a while. It's very strong jets in the U.S., although there's certainly some good order activity with jets outside the U.S., it's very strong across the turboprop product lines and both the King Airs, obviously, with SkyCourier and Caravans continue to perform well. So it just continues to be a strong demand environment.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And then just on the margin in Aviation, recognizing your point that it has expanded quite a bit from the trough. It's down sequentially and the incremental -- the year-over-year incremental, I think, is a little light of what you normally look for despite healthy unit and price. So -- anything to note there? And I guess, what do we look for, for the Aviation margin to finish the year and maybe into next year?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think we're going to continue to see strong margin performance, Noah. We -- without a doubt, are still being impacted by performance issues, just the amount of efficiencies that are driven by those parts that are showing up late and labor turnover, which I think everybody is experiencing. It's a challenge in the industry still, and we're going to continue to fight our way through it. But I think we'll continue to do that with very healthy margins.
Noah Poponak: Can you be through that in full year 2024 numbers? Or are you likely to still be battling that into next year?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think we're going to battle that into next year. So -- like you know, fourth quarter is traditionally a very high delivery quarter. I expect that it will be a high delivery quarter, and we'll see conversion that will give us some additional margin is typical for us in Q4, and I would certainly expect that. I think we're going to continue to fight this as we go into next year. But again, I mean, obviously, we're not going to get to guidance just yet on 2024. But I think as we've seen in 2023, people should expect the business to deliver solid growth and strong margins.
Operator: Next, we go to Doug Harned with Bernstein.
Douglas Harned: I wanted to continue on the strong backlog topic. When you started the year, it looked like -- I think you were thinking kind of a 1:1 book-to-bill for the year. And clearly, it's been much better than that. Could you talk about how your expectations have changed over time? And has the mix shifted at all?
Scott Donnelly: No, it really hasn't. Look, I mean we did sort of set our base plan, expecting kind of 1:1, and look, I think eventually, the industry has to get to 1:1. It's not -- I don't really think it can continue to exceed that much for that long. But obviously, our sales teams are out there and customer demand is what it is. So if it's greater than 1:1, obviously, that's terrific for the business. And as you note, we have seen that through the course of the year. So we'll continue to kind of plan and look at production volumes and adjust accordingly as we go forward. But the mix is markedly different. As I said, we're still seeing strong jet demand, we're seeing across all the turbo product lines. We're seeing it virtually across all of our different aircraft types.  Obviously, it's helped by having some new aircraft like the Sky Courier out there, it's helped by having some of these upgrade programs which always stimulates the market when you do a next version of CJ3, our next version of an M2. We have [indiscernible] announced out there. So there's a lot of things we're always doing to invest in the product lines to kind of continue to help drive that demand in the market. But for sure, versus our estimation at the beginning of the year 1:1, the end market continues to be stronger than even we would have expected, which is obviously a positive.
Douglas Harned: Yes, it is a positive, but I'm also -- I'm interested in how you deal with this because you have delays in supply -- some delivery delays with the supply chain. You've got this huge backlog. I mean, how far out are you scheduling deliveries now? And do you start to run into an issue here if this were to continue? Because as you say, ultimately, should be at 1:1 at some point.
Scott Donnelly: Yes. Well, look, we obviously continue to work with our supply chain to try to make necessary adjustments. And as I said, I think the trend line is improving. But it still comes down to a part. So I missing a few parts. I can't deliver an aircraft for missing one part I can't deliver an aircraft. So it is still a problem, but I do think it's trending in the right way. Obviously, as we adjust and think about our production rates going forward, we're working with those suppliers to kind of forecast to them, how we're going to adjust our rates into the future. But that's a real-time activity, right, that's going on all the time. So as I kind of indicated earlier, I think we'll expect to see increased deliveries again in 2024 versus 2023. And that's partly stronger demand, and it's partly getting some of the supply chain issues resolved and getting back to where we can make -- generate additional volume out of factory.
Operator: Next go to the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research.
George Shapiro: Maybe this one for Frank. The increase in guidance, I mean, this quarter, you got a big benefit from finance, somewhat offset, I guess, with eAviation being worse than what I would have expected and a lower tax rate. Was there operational benefits in that EPS increase you got? It was mainly these items I just mentioned.
Frank Connor: No, we're seeing as Scott said. I mean, we're seeing strong performance across Bell. And so I think Bell is going to come in at higher margins than we would have originally guided. We're seeing strong performance at Systems. They'll be at least the top end of our original guidance range, we're seeing, frankly better volumes and solid and strong margin performance in the Industrial segment. And then at Aviation, we're also seeing, despite some of the volume headwinds, we're seeing strong profit growth and kind of a strong overall year-over-year growth. So that's -- those are certainly the operational aspects. GFC is an operational thing. It can always a recovery from write-off from many years ago. So a good solid performance out of the businesses.
George Shapiro: Okay. And Scott, on the last call, I think there was a comment that maybe deliveries would be higher, closer to somewhere in the 40s from what we saw this quarter. So I assume that's all supply chain. I mean is that going to continue in the fourth quarter as well? So we'll see strong deliveries but maybe less than we would have thought 6 months ago. And does that bode for next year being a lot bigger than what you might have thought before?
Scott Donnelly: I would say, George, that for sure, we are delivering fewer aircraft than we originally expected, and that is as a result of these issues and challenges that we're still seeing in the supply chain. We have forecasted and just the way we run our manufacturing operations, obviously, we took down some of the units to accommodate that. Did we have aircraft that moved from Q3 to Q4 this year? Absolutely. Do I think we'll have aircraft that will move from Q4 to Q1? Absolutely.  Again, how much of that is our aircraft that you would add on to what we were originally planning in our 2024 guide versus where we'll be, I mean that's -- that will all be incorporated into what we guide when we get into 2024, George. So -- and again, we're not at a point to do that. We're still working through all those kind of numbers. But the only color I would give you is I expect that you certainly would expect to see good growth and over the 2023 number. So for sure, be it just overall demand or things that are moving from '23 to '24. '24 should be a strong year for us.
Operator: Next, we move on to Cai von Rumohr with TD Cowen.
Cai von Rumohr: And good quarter. Frank, could you maybe talk a little bit about do we see -- do you get any benefit out of the latest IRS clarification of Section 174? And should we be concerned about pension being a significant headwind next year?
Frank Connor: On the 174, we had been following kind of what the guidance clarification resulted in. So we -- there is no change to -- from a cash tax standpoint.  With regard to pension, as you know, we'll go through our year-end process around that. I would not expect it to be a headwind. So I think that kind of we shouldn't have a problem with pensions and from a headwind standpoint as we move into '24.
Cai von Rumohr: Got it. Okay. And then, Scott, strategically, I mean you've announced a couple of new updates at NBAA, but you haven't done a major new clean sheet in a while and not that the rest of your competitors have done anything. But what's your thinking looking out a couple of years? Obviously, you've got good demand now. You've got some nice smaller new products coming. But do you think that you need to start something bigger for the next 3 to 5 years?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think where we are right now, Cai, I mean, obviously, we've just come up the SkyCourier program. We had Denali, which is in certification, that's coming along very nicely. I think that will be a spectacular product for us. We did just announce the Ascend which is a pretty big program. That's -- and so I think, I guess, strategically, Cai, I think where we are on the sort of that Latitude/Longitude family are in really good shape. Those are both relatively new aircraft. Certainly, there will be upgrades and enhancements to those programs as we go down the line but we sort of have turned from a long period of time, a decade really of making major investments in those mid- to super mid aircraft and have gone back now and we made some pretty good investments in some of the turboprop family. And again, that light to mid-sized jet, Ascend, I think, is going to be a fabulous product for us. That kind of fits that space where the XLS has lived in the XL before that for many years, home run product for us. And I think the Ascend is going to be kind of filling those shoes. So we're really excited about that. And again that Denali is going to be a great product that's, I think, doing well here and going through the certification process right now. So look, we're always -- as you know, there's always stuff on the drawing board and ideas and plans that we're always working on, but that's -- we don't have any new announcements for you beyond that stuff. We're pretty full up right now, actually.
Operator: Next, we move on to Robert Stallard with Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard: Scott, there's some concerns yet again about the outlook for the economy and higher interest rates and all that. And I was wondering, in the Aviation division, have you seen any of your customers starting to get a little more concerned about their ability to take jets and trying to defer things?
Scott Donnelly: No, we really haven't, Robert. It's been -- I mean, if there's been a cancellation here or there, it's none that I'm even aware of here lately. I think the demand is strong and look people are thinking about, what could you be a 12- to 18-month softness in the economy. The reality is right now, people are talking about deliveries that are out way beyond that. It's just because of the nature of the backlog. So I don't think -- we certainly have not seen any impacts of this shortsighted kind of, hey, you guys what's going to happen in the economy in the next 18 months window, the deliveries. People are taking their aircraft. We haven't seen any problems there. And again, from an order perspective, they're out way beyond that period that might be of any concern.
Robert Stallard: And then similarly on the Industrial side of things, what sort of demand pool are you getting from your customers at both Kautex and Specialized Vehicles?
Scott Donnelly: We've been seeing a very strong year. The Kautex side of things, North America, in particular, has been growing. Europe has been growing. So we are -- we've seen nice increases in volume growth here in 2023. I expect we'll see that continue in 2024. Obviously, everybody was a little bit worried about the UAW situation. You see this morning, it was Ford has got a tentative agreement, which is great. We haven't seen much impact from that yet. And hopefully, this will get resolved before it has any kind of material impact to us. We're pretty diversified in terms of the OEMs that we serve and particularly in North America, a lot of the Toyotas and the BMWs, Mercedes and [indiscernible] in the southern part of the country. So Anyway, the volume does continue to grow at Kautex. We've seen nice volume growth in the vehicle business as well. So for sure, we pay close attention to sort of the high-end consumer, if you're going to have a slowdown, adjust accordingly. But all in all, the golf market, the commercial market, it's staying strong, even in the consumer market, which it's not as strong as it was as you see most people and say '21, '22, but it's claims are still quite strong on a historical basis. So I think the business -- and that's a lot of the intersection of all those things is what's been driving nice growth for us.
Operator: Next, we move on to Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley.
Kristine Liwag: Scott and Frank, leverage on the balance sheet is pretty low at less than 1 turn of EBITDA. Free cash flow is pretty solid. You mentioned the demand environment is strong. I guess looking at the stability and the strength of your business, what's your appetite for either an incremental outsized capital return to shareholders in excess of your existing share repurchase plan or some sort of transformative deal?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, Kris, clearly, our focus and what we've communicated and what we've been executing on, we did again here in the third quarter, is really focusing our capital returns around share buyback. And we continue to do that here in the third quarter. So it was another quarter of strong turns. Obviously, we agree. I mean I think our balance sheet is a good place. We're generating strong cash flows, and we'll continue to use that on the share buyback. In terms of any acquisition opportunity, like we're always keeping an eye out for things. And if there's something that makes sense for us, obviously, we have a balance sheet and an ability that we can do that. Obviously, we have to convince ourselves that, that's something that's good for our shareholders. And there have been a couple of deals out there where we concluded that wouldn't be the right thing, but we certainly always keep an eye out and contrast that versus just continuing the share buyback program, which I think has been very successful.
Kristine Liwag: Great. And maybe following up on what we've seen in the industry, Embraer signed a 20-year licensing agreement to service Pratt GTF engines including the Airbus A320neo, considering your strength in services for business jets, what's your appetite to join that engine MRO ecosystem and expand your addressable market?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, I don't -- I'm not -- I don't know all the details of that. I mean, we're obviously -- we work very, very closely with our engine suppliers and making sure that there's great MRO capability for them. Obviously, there's engine programs, which we promote with those suppliers. But I mean we love our service business. Our service business has been growing. As you know, over the last decade, we've taken a lot of this and do a lot more direct service around our aircraft than we used to do, and that's been a big success for us. But getting into the engine MRO business is not something that I think would make any -- it would make any sense for us. I mean all cared about the engine in the world. The value in engine overhaul is in the parts and those parts come from those suppliers. So I think that's probably best left to them to manage.
Operator: Next, we go to Jason Gursky with Citi.
Jason Gursky: Scott, I was wondering if I get you to just put aside the supply chain issues for a moment and just assume that they weren't there. And talk a little bit about what you're hearing from your customer in Aviation and how long customers seem like they're willing to wait for it yet? And if you all could just kind of wave a magic wand and get your production to the right level for the right wait time for those customers, what would that wait time be? For 2-plus years today, we were less than 12 months prior to the pandemic. What's the right level that we should all be thinking about as things kind of settle out?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, it's a good question, Jason. There's no way to know totally the answer to that. I mean there's no question that right now, we have customers that would like to see us have delivery dates earlier than what we're able to promise them. I mean that's true. I think that obviously, this adjustment that's going on is that I think for -- obviously, for a decade or so, customers knew they could come in when they wanted to get a new aircraft and get something delivered in a very short period of time. That wasn't true historically, as you know, and it's certainly not true today.  So I do think that we've gone through some challenging phase with customers who are kind of accustomed to say, "Well, geez, I should be able to get that in 3 months or 6 months" and say, no, guys, actually, it's a couple of years. But I think the market is adjusting to that, right? Customers know what the order backlogs look like in the industry. And people now realize that if you're thinking about your fleet planning, you're thinking about your current aircraft and when you're going to want to do an upgrade that you need to be thinking about that being a couple of years out, not something that you just could come in inside of a quarter or even inside of a year and get a transaction done. So I think we're probably on the -- certainly at a point, where customers would like earlier delivery dates than what we can promise them. But I think customers are getting accustomed to the fact that this is a couple of year kind of a time line and they need to plan accordingly which frankly is not all bad for them either because they can think about how they plan the sale of their used aircraft, it's a much more -- it's a better market environment for everybody, including those buyers because so many of them currently own an aircraft. I don't know if that helps you because I mean, there's not really a specific answer here, but 2 years that's a long time, but people have to kind of plan accordingly at this stage of the...
Jason Gursky: Yes. I think what a lot of us are trying to figure out is, once these supply chain issues work their way through, how much we might see production rates across the industry come up over time? If we're 2 years now, is the sweet spot 18 months, and we can kind of back into what that would mean from a production rate perspective. I think it's what we're all trying to better understand.
Scott Donnelly: That math is too sophisticated for me.
Jason Gursky: Maybe an easier one then on Industrial. Can you talk a little bit about the margin and the margin opportunity in that business over the longer term based on new product offerings and product development things that you're working on today? Just whether there's any structural opportunity for margins in that business over the longer term.
Scott Donnelly: No, look, I mean, I think we still have margin opportunity. I mean, this business should be a high single-digit margin. I mean it's got a lot of auto in there. Kautex is a good business. It generates good cash. It generates good margin. But we're, obviously, right now, you're still trying to get some of the auto volumes back up around the world, and we have obviously capacity to do that. So better utilization, more efficient utilization of some of that capacity would be obviously be helpful. And that's part of what's driving the margin improvement this year. The same is true in the vehicle business. We've had strong demand across most of those product lines. Some of them are still recovering from some of the post-COVID. Some of them still are struggling with a lot of the same kinds of supplier and labor challenges that we talk about in aviation, and that's -- we're still -- have a fair bit of inefficiencies in some of those factories as we manage our way through that. So I do think there's still some upside in terms of margins in the future.
Operator: Next, move on to Myles Walton with Wolfe Research.
Myles Walton: Scott, I was wanting to lead off on the NetJets agreement. And I realize it's not in backlog. So maybe this is a little bit of a carton from the horse. But when you sign up to deliver or agree upon 1,500 jets per 15 years in a pre-inflationary market, I imagine that's probably a little bit more straightforward maybe. I just wonder, how do you do that in a very volatile potentially inflationary backdrop? How do you put the constraints and guardrails in place on those realized sale prices? And just to confirm, does this start to fold in, in '25?
Scott Donnelly: So look, I want to probably [indiscernible] go into all of the gory details of the arrangement, but we've always worked with -- there's always been a factor in how we work with NetJets that takes in consideration market pricing. So it's not something that's a fixed price 15-year thing. I mean nobody could do that. I mean in the industry.  So there's adjustments that are made that have to do with market pricing that's, frankly, a very fair equitable deal because, again, you really have to think of NetJets. I mean they're out selling aircraft into this marketplace. So we -- you think about, I guess, almost a wholesaling right of these aircraft to NetJets and then they have a spread for covering their costs and sales and running their business. So there is a market adjustment scheme that's incorporated into this thing. So nobody is trying to sit down and imagine what pricing is 15 years from now.
Myles Walton: And then in terms of the initiation of the contract, is it a '25 start deliveries with the last one running through '24?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, I think that's about right. I mean, again, it's an add-on, right? So we're -- it extends the agreement we already have, and we sit down obviously, every quarter and sort of true up what's that deliveries that are a year out. So -- but yes, I think if you looked at how many aircraft were left on the old agreement versus the new agreement, it's kind of phasing kind of '24, '25 time frame.
Myles Walton: And then, Frank, just to clean up, can you level set us on interest and tax rate for the year at this point, given we only have the quarter left?
Frank Connor: Yes. I mean, interest is expense is going to come in a little better than we had originally guided just given what's going on with, frankly, our investment in our cash balances and tax is probably going to be a little bit better also than we had guided, maybe 1 point better than our original guidance.
Operator: Next, we move on to Peter Arment with Baird.
Peter Arment: Scott and Frank, nice results. Scott, on Systems, the performance there continues to be really, really good, and there was obviously a bullish tone down the USA around just a lot of the modernization efforts. How are you feeling about the kind of visibility of that business going forward?
Scott Donnelly: Peter, I think they're in a very good place. I mean a lot of the things that we've been working on for a very long time are starting to kind of come to roost. We had a nice strong growth in the quarter. That's driven by things like XM250, which -- as you know, we're sort of decade-long investments in IRAD for some of these new munition systems, which are doing well. The sentinel program, obviously, we're one of the partners with Northrop Grumman that program continues to grow nicely. We had some very important down select here just in this quarter around the RCV program with the Army, the ARV program with the Marine Corps. The FUS down select with the Army. So I think the business is performing well. The margins are strong. We've got this business back into a growth mode, and we have several additional opportunities out there that are material, do you win all of them or not, I don't know.  But I mean, we have probably 4 or 5 pretty significant opportunities that we'll close here over the next couple of years. So I think the business is executing well. They're delivering on their existing programs very well. And I think they've got a lot of pretty significant growth opportunities that we've been -- are clearly in the pipeline.
Peter Arment: Appreciate that color. And then just Frank, a quick one on do you have the -- what services growth was in Aviation for the quarter?
Frank Connor: Yes, it was 3%, and aftermarket was 33% of revenue for the quarter.
Operator: Next, we go to Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Ronald Epstein: The Industrials business did well. So my question is this. In the past, Scott, I think you've intimated or maybe more direct than that, that it's core. Is that still how you're thinking about it or not? I mean how do we think about the Industrials business in the context of the kind of greater Textron, which seems to be evolving quickly towards a bigger A&D company?
Scott Donnelly: Ron, I mean the way we're looking at industrial right now is us providing good growth and strong performance improvements and generate good cash. That's how we think about it.
Ronald Epstein: So is it -- so I guess is it core? Is it not core?
Scott Donnelly: We've never defined core or noncore. I certainly have never said that. Look, I get what we have said, Ron, is when we think about M&A activity in the company, we certainly would view that the places that we would additionally or add additional capital would probably be in our Aerospace and Defense portfolio. And that's kind of how we look at the M&A world as opposed to thinking that we should increase the size of our Industrial business. But certainly, to the extent that we can drive organic growth in these businesses, and make smart investments and generate good returns for shareholders. That's the best thing we can do for the shareholders is make sure there's performance. Those businesses are performing as well they can perform.
Ronald Epstein: Yes. Fair enough. And then on the M&A front like you mentioned. What's it like out there right now? Are there opportunity? Are there directions that you want to go in terms of A&D. Are you more A focused or D focused or agnostic? How should...
Scott Donnelly: Yes, probably agnostic. We've done some small deals here in recent times, largely around expanding some of our services footprint. Obviously, we did the Pivotal deal, which has turned out to be, I think, a great acquisition for us to help grow our focus in the future for our Aviation business. Obviously, there's some opportunities there. There could be massive opportunities in the future or not. We don't know. But I think that's a nice acquisition that's given us some real additional capability in the company. Again, as I said, most of what we look at in terms of any material M&As in that A&D space. As you know, Rob, there's deals only come along so often, so you kind of keep an eye out. And look at things that come down the pike. So we'll -- that's what we've been doing, and we'll continue to do that. And if something makes sense, that we think is a great deal. It will be good for our shareholders, and we would certainly be willing to participate in that. We obviously have the capacity to do a fairly material deal, but it has to be something that financially makes sense.
Operator: Our next question is from Pete Skibitski with Olympic Global.
Peter Skibitski: Just want to follow up on Myles' question and maybe see if we can get into the gory details of the NetJets deal a little bit. But my main question is Scott, is there a minimum number of aircraft that they're obligated to take each year under this deal? And if so, how does that compare to the prior deal?
Scott Donnelly: No, they don't. Look, guys, the relationship and the way this works is that I mean, our friends at NetJets are out every day selling aircraft. And they're selling those shares. And by the way, I think that's a very robust strong market right now, which is fabulous but they sit down with us in real time. I mean, every quarter, looking out a year out and given where the market is and what sales activity looks like, what their pipeline looks like, firming up. Those aircraft that we're going to deliver in roughly that 1-year window. So when the market is strong, they're selling. We expect that thing to continue to grow. If there was a slowdown, and we expect to see that number come down. So it's a total 100% alignment around that end market.
Peter Skibitski: Okay. And how do you think about the high end -- I mean, on average, 100 aircraft a year would be more than 50% of your deliveries this year. How do you think about contemplating if you could ever get to the high end of that deal?
Scott Donnelly: Well, again, that's based on the market, right? I mean if the end market continues to be that robust, but I would -- I guess, what I would say is if the end market is going to be that robust on the fractional side and all like it's also going to be that robust in the whole aircraft side. So you have to expect to see overall production output growing, not locked into where it is in the 2023 number.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from David Strauss with Barclays.
David Strauss: Just wanted to ask specifically on FLRAA. I think you guys have talked about getting kind of $800 million to $900 million annual revenue run rate on FLRAA. Where -- are you fully ramped to that rate in Q3? And if not, did that have something to do with the Bell margin holding up, I think, certainly better than we had thought?
Scott Donnelly: No, I wouldn't say there's a margin impact to it. But certainly, we're not ramped to that rate yet, David. I mean that will grow here as we go through '23 to '24. I would say the ramp is going well. I mean, a lot of our internal resources, ramping up the engineering activity is happening at a pretty good clip. But obviously, a lot of that is also getting all of our suppliers on board and getting a lot of key partners ramped up. It took some time from the original contract award to get those guys on to contract. So as you go through the rest of this year and particularly as you grow into 2024, there's the inside kind of Bell heads, if you will, but there's also a lot of ramp that's the pass-through to our partners on the program as well.
David Strauss: And I apologize if you've already touched on this, and I may have missed it, but the supply chain issues that you called out on the commercial helicopter side. How do those compare to kind of what you're seeing on the Aviation or jet side? I think you hadn't really highlighted supply chain as a challenge on the Bell commercial side prior to today.
Scott Donnelly: Yes, it's very similar issue, David. I mean they're -- it's very similar issues.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from Cai von Rumohr with TD Cowen.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes. So your deliveries were down 50% at Bell and Commercial. Maybe give us some color on like, what's the demand there? And what should we look like in the fourth quarter? Because your original guidance assumes a very big step-up that looks like it's going to be tough to hit and you also had talked about margins kind of coming down as FLRAA effort ramped? And maybe some color in terms of where the margins could be.
Scott Donnelly: Yes, I'm not sure I have a whole lot of additional color on the margin side, Cai, that we certainly expect it to be, given the performance through the course of the year that it will be over the top end of what we originally guided. So I think we still feel that the Bell will finish out a very strong year. But the numbers are significant, and I appreciate that, and it certainly looks like a big ramp. We had a couple of issues very specific around our 505, which is a fairly high-volume product, but a relatively speaking, lower dollar per unit volume. So a lot of the numbers miss and a lot of the challenge, frankly, in Q4 in terms of the units is around those 505. So obviously, we would like to get them out. Customers want us to get them out. But the miss on a number of those very light helicopters won't have a big material impact to the performance overall at Bell.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the Q&A portion of today's conference. If you would like to access the digitized replay of this call, it will be available after 10 a.m. Eastern Time today through October 26, 2024 at midnight. You may access the replay by calling 866-207-1041 or 402-970-0847 and use the access code 5951112. Again, that's 866-207-1041 or 402-970-0847 with the access code 5951112.  And that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q2, 2023 Textron Earnings Release. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Eric Salander. Please go ahead.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Kaylie and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Revenues in the quarter were $3.4 billion, up $270 million from last year's second quarter. Segment profit in the quarter was $352 million, up $71 million from the second quarter of 2022. During this year's second quarter, we reported income from continuing operations of $1.30 per share. Adjusted income from continuing operations, a non-GAAP measure, was $1.46 per share compared to $1.11 per share in last year's second quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions, a non-GAAP measure, totaled $242 million in the quarter compared to $309 million in the second quarter of 2022. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric, and good morning, everyone. Second quarter was a strong quarter with revenue up across all our businesses and solid execution, generating a segment profit margin of 10.3%, up 140 basis points from the second quarter of 2022. At Aviation in the quarter, we delivered 44 jets, down from 48 last year and 37 commercial turboprops, up from 35 in last year's second quarter. Aviation continues to see solid demand across jet and turboprop products. Backlog grew $315 million, ending the second quarter at $6.8 billion. In the quarter, Aviation received an order for 11 Special Mission King Air 360s expecting to deliver in 2024 and 2025. Also during the quarter, Aviation delivered the first passenger configured Cessna SkyCourier to Lnai Air for its Hawaiian interisland routes. On the new product front, Aviation announced the Cessna Citation Ascend at Ebase ph in May. Ascend will feature the latest Garman 5000 avionics suite, 4-passenger range of 1900 nautical miles, comfortable cabin experience with large windows and a flat floor and the new Pratt 545D engine that features improved thrust and increased time between overhauls and enhanced fuel efficiency. The aircraft is expected to enter into service in 2025. Moving to Bell, revenues were slightly higher in the quarter. Bell began ramping activity on the FLRAA program, including on-boarding engineers, contracting with major suppliers and ordering long lead materials. Bell also added $1.2 billion of backlog related to the FLRAA contract during the quarter. Also in the quarter, Bell received an initial contract authorization for four additional V-22 aircraft. On the commercial side of Bell, we delivered 35 helicopters, up from 34 in last year's second quarter. At Textron Systems, we saw a continued solid margin performance on slightly higher revenues. In June, Systems delivered Craft 107 to the U.S. Navy Ship-to-Shore Connector program, the Aircraft delivered to the Navy. Also during the quarter, Systems Aerosonde Hybrid Quad UAS was among four competing unmanned aerial systems that were awarded design contract under the first option of the Army's Future Tactical Amend Aircraft Systems Program. Systems also advanced as part of Team Lynx led by American Rheinmetall in the next phase of the U.S. Army's XM30 program. Textron Systems is a designated manufacturer of Team Lynx. The Army down selected two competitors for the next phase of the program, which includes detailed design and prototype builds. Moving to Industrial, we saw higher revenues in the quarter, driven by higher volume in both Kautex and Specialized Vehicles. At Specialized Vehicles, we announced the new Liberty LSV, a street legal vehicle powered by our elite battery system with four forward-facing seats. Within Kautex, we saw increased volumes year-over-year across all our geographic end markets. Moving to Aviation, we began wind tunnel testing on the Nexus eVTOL aircraft. These tests represent a significant step in the aircraft development process and supporting design validation activities. Additionally, we continued the prototype assembly and systems integration of the Nuuva, our hybrid electric unmanned cargo VTOL aircraft at our facilities in Slovenia. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues at Textron Aviation of $1.4 billion were up $78 million from the second quarter of 2022 reflecting higher pricing of $95 million, partially offset by lower volume and mix. Segment profit was $171 million in the second quarter, up $22 million from a year ago, largely due to favorable pricing net of inflation of $52 million, partially offset by an unfavorable impact from performance of $23 million. Performance included unfavorable manufacturing performance largely related to supply chain and labor inefficiencies. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $6.8 billion. Moving to Bell, revenues were $701 million, up $14 million from last year due to higher pricing of $21 million, partially offset by lower military revenue of $7 million. Segment profit of $65 million was up $11 million from last year's second quarter due to a favorable impact from performance of $13 million, largely reflecting lower research and development costs and a favorable impact from pricing net of inflation of $9 million, partially offset by lower volume and mix. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $5.6 billion. At Textron Systems, revenues were $306 million, up $13 million from last year's second quarter, largely reflecting higher volume. Segment profit of $37 million was down $1 million from a year ago. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1.9 billion. Industrial revenues were $1 billion, up $155 million from last year's second quarter, largely due to higher volume and mix at both Kautex and Textron Specialized Vehicles of $121 million and a favorable impact from pricing of $37 million. Segment profit of $79 million was up $42 million from the second quarter of 2022, primarily due to higher volume and mix of $32 million and a favorable impact from pricing net of inflation of $17 million, principally at Kautex, partially offset by an unfavorable impact of $10 million from performance. Textron eAviation segment revenues were $11 million and segment loss was $12 million in the quarter, primarily reflecting research and development costs. Finance segment revenues were $18 million and profit was $12 million. Moving below segment profit, corporate expenses were $21 million, net interest expense was $16 million, LIFO inventory provision was $35 million, intangible asset amortization was $10 million and the non-service components of pension and postretirement income were $59 million. In the quarter, we repurchased approximately 4.2 million shares, returning $273 million in cash to shareholders. Year-to-date, we have repurchased approximately 9.4 million shares, returning $650 million in cash to shareholders. Earlier this week, Textron's Board of Directors approved a new authorization for the repurchase of up to 35 million shares under which the company intends to repurchase shares to offset the impact of dilution from stock-based compensation and benefit plans and for opportunistic capital management purposes. To wrap up with guidance, we are increasing our expected full year adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $5.20 to $5.30 per share, up from our prior range of $5 to $5.20 per share. We also continue to expect full year manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions of $900 million to $1 billion. That concludes our remarks. So operator, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Peter Arment with Baird.
Peter Arment: Yes, good morning Scott, Frank.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Peter Arment: Hi, Scott, I guess, start with Aviation, really strong performance on margins and the top line. Do you still kind of tracking, I mean, I guess, with the supply chain the way there's been so much volatility? How are you thinking about just kind of your delivery targets and just managing your skyline? I know you're probably sold out now much farther out, just given your backlog, maybe just some overall comments? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Peter. Look, I think on the order activity, the market is still quite strong and so I think we've posted a strong book-to-bill again in the quarter. It's both jets and turboprops, so I think we continue to be really happy with how the market is behaving in terms of demand and pricing. So that's all good. Okay, as I think you're hearing from everybody the biggest challenge still remains on the supply chain side of things. I'd say it's not getting worse, it's probably modestly getting better but as you know, the challenge is every part is important, right? So, you may not have as many problems, but you still are kind of hit by that weakest link and hey, if you look at our numbers, we're probably a few jets lighter each quarter than we would like to be. That's obviously creating a little bit of inventory, but these things ultimately will sell. But I think when we think about the guide and what's going forward, we're still very happy with the margins and execution performance despite inefficiencies and dealing with some of the supply chain issues. But I think for the year, it will be a little light on the revenue side versus where we would like to be, but those things will push into 2024, obviously. So net of everything, it's still a good strong demand environment and we'll continue to fight our way through some of the supply chain challenges through the course of the year.
Peter Arment: I appreciate that. And just one quick follow-up. Frank, did you disclose what the aftermarket growth was in the quarter for Aviation at all?
Frank Connor: So aftermarket for the quarter was about 3% growth and 32% of total revenue.
Peter Arment: I appreciate it. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning, guys and thank you. Maybe just to start off a specific one on Bell, how do we think about the B-22 here? The House Appropriations Bill included about $700 million for potentially five B-22s, how do we think about how that could add legs to this program and transition to FLRAA?
Scott Donnelly: Well, so, what's going on there, Sheila, is the Navy, of course, has now had a good while of deploying the CMV 22s into the Navy applications. As you know, that program was originally awarded and the program record was based on replacing the C2 COD [ph]. And so the number of aircraft was really sort of designed just to replace that mission. And what we're hearing from the Navy, and they've been fairly public about this, there's been some nice articles out there, is that as they're getting the CMV-22 into the fleet, they're realizing there's a lot of things you can do with a V-22 that you couldn't do with a COD, which was restricted to big deck carriers and airports onshore. So the versatility and the performance of the V-22 is leading the Navy to say, look, we've got other applications that would cause us to like to have more of these aircraft. That hasn't been formalized yet on the Navy side of things. I mean there's a lot of dialogue around that. But what you're seeing in the House Appropriations is those five CMV 22s, which would be above program or record is because of the versatility and the desire ultimately of the Navy to have more of these crafts. So, we'll see how this plays out over time, but we're obviously -- we're very happy with the performance of the aircraft. The Navy is very happy with the performance of the aircraft and so hopefully, we'll see some continuing level of production now that we're sort of beyond the program or record.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: That's great. Thank you for that color. And then maybe a bigger picture one. Frank, if you could start, and I know you'll be for both, so give Scott some time on this, too. You announced a pretty large repurchase program in the quarter. How are you thinking about capital allocation? And then Scott, obviously, with Ascent, capital allocation for repo versus new products?
Frank Connor: So capital allocation, it really remains the same, Sheila. We've obviously continued to generate very good free cash flow. We've talked about, obviously, we invest significant capital back into business in R&D and CapEx, that's going to continue, but beyond that, we're generating a lot of free cash flow that we've been returning through share repurchase activity. We talked about kind of baseline of 5% to 6% or so of our share base a year from a repurchase standpoint. We came out of the pandemic more liquid than we usually are and need to be and you've seen in the first half of the year, we've repurchased a lot of stock, and we expect to continue to be in the market opportunistically and the 35 million reflects kind of the need to have the shares available -- authorization available to do that. We were down to 2.7 million shares on the last repurchase and we're rolling through it pretty quickly.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Cool. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Thats right. As Frank said, Sheila, I mean, I certainly don't see it as a trade with R&Ds. As you know, we're a fairly high R&D company. We think investing in new products is the key to growth. I think we're seeing that play out right now and if you look at Aviation with the investments in Latitudes and Longitudes, a lot of the upgrades, a lot of our current products both on the jet and the turboprop side, SkyCourier now driving nice growth for us, the Ascend that we just announced. So if you look at Bell, obviously, we've made a huge investment over the years in the FLRAA program and the FLRAA program, that's obviously now turning into a great growth driver for us. So across all the businesses we're not going to change our strategy here in terms of R&D. We'll keep making the investments that we think we need to make in the product side. But despite all that, we're obviously making strong profits and strong cash flow and that gives us a great deal of flexibility to allocate and drive some of that back through the share repurchase program and do what's right we think for the shareholders.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thanks. We'll go next to the line of Jason Gursky with Citi.
Jason Gursky: Hi, good morning, everybody.
Frank Connor: Good morning.
Jason Gursky: Scott, I was wondering if you could provide kind of a general update on the general aviation market. I think there was a show here recently up in Oshkosh. I was wondering if you had any general learnings from either that show or your general view of the general aviation market? And then second one would be just kind of an update from your perspective on the market for pilots both for, as they come in through the general aviation market and make their way maybe up into the biz jets and other aircraft that are more important to you?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Look, Jason, I think the -- one of the nice parts about the market right now is this, as much as we talk about the jets and the turboprops and obviously, that's the bulk of our business, but when you're looking at Oshkosh, which is really a show that's aimed around the propeller marketplace and Cessna 172s and Pipistrel electric aircraft and all that kind of good stuff, the demand is strong from top to bottom. I mean, were -- have a great book-to-bill and our 172s, 182s, 206s. So you see really, really strong demand from that GA customer that we've always had. There's very strong demand from trading schools. So if you kind of shift into your pilot discussion, there's no doubt people have talked for many, many years about the shortages of pilots is coming up, and we're seeing that, right? So the training schools are putting a lot of orders in, they're increasing the size of their fleet so they can get more pilots through. There's a lot of activity with frankly, some of the airlines buying a lot of aircraft so that they can get pilots, not just pilots that come into the industry, but pilots that need to get the hours in order to be eligible to fly for the actual airlines. And so those hours are best built by using less expensive per hour sorts of aircraft, we have a lot of demand on that side as well. So the nice part here is it's a robust market, everything from Cessna 172 or a small Pipistrel Velis all the way up through Longitude. So it's -- the demand is very, very broad.
Jason Gursky: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of David Strauss with Barclays.
Bradley Barton: Hi, good morning, Scott and Frank. This is Brad Barton on for David. Quickly starting off on Bell, looks like the quarter might have been a little light, can you just talk about how much FLRAA added in the quarter and how Bells going to ramp from here and hitting the $3.3 billion?
Frank Connor: Sure. Look, I think Bell is pretty in line with where we expect them to be. The FLRAA program is certainly ramping. Weve added a lot of engineering resource and we are able ramp reasonably quickly because we still had a lot of engineering talent that had been going through the FLRAA design, the CDR risk reduction programs that we've retained through that carrier. So, Id say the team is ramping really well. The army has been great about working to quickly get authorizations out there for us to award contracts to our major subcontractors which is a huge part of the program obviously, as it goes out through the industrial base. Theyve authorized critical long lead materials that we needed to support the industrial flight aircraft, so the program is ramping the battle status as I can imagine ramping such a large program. So, I think we still feel very comfortable with the guide that we provided in terms of where we're going to end up the year on revenues that program drives a lot of the growth frankly that's ramping up. And look, as the way they think about this program, is its certainly ramping her as we go through 2023, but the JDox [ph] out there, right? The next few years thats just sort of a $1 dollar a year program. Obviously part of that is retained by the government to run their program offices and things like that, but I think we will very rapidly ramp up and the -- how far exactly where we expect it to be, which is in that probably $800 million to $900 million a year of revenue.
Bradley Barton: Okay. And then just a follow-up, there has been some reports in the press about potential interest in some properties out there. Just wondering if you could talk a little bit how you see the portfolio shaping up?
Scott Donnelly: We probably won't provide any commentary on various rumors that are out there in terms of M&A activity at this point.
Bradley Barton: All right, thanks for the time.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: Hi, good morning, everyone. 
Scott Donnelly: Hi, Noah.
Frank Connor: Hi, Noah.
Noah Poponak: The aviation margin is -- that's one of the highest levels in a while and the incremental, I think, is a little higher than your kind of long-term framework. And I guess that's despite the performance number you cited. If I add that back, I'm more in the mid-teens. And so I guess, as I think about where that margin goes over time, obviously the labor and supply chain inefficiencies you're citing won't be solved immediately, but also won't last forever. So is it reasonable to think about the margin adjusted for that in the quarter as kind of a baseline plus an incremental for where you can go late next year into the middle of the decade?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I'm probably not ready to guide into the middle of the decade, just yet, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Well, you have a pretty big backlog in that business now.
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, there's look, I think the margins are very good. The guys, you're right, are working through challenges, which we would certainly hope will abate somewhat over time. I mean, obviously there's inflation that's baked into the numbers at this stage of the game. But I think we'll probably avoid doing too much in terms of guiding out to the future other than what is a good gross margin products. I mean, I think we'll be the way to long-term, think about this is going to be around that 20%, 25% conversion and we're sort of looking at certainly growth as we look into 2024 and beyond. But again, it's going to be in some part, constrained by supply and also I was just looking and making sure that we're tracking to where the demand is in the marketplace. I think again, we've talked before about the health of this industry should be running with a substantial backlog, and we are now running with a substantial backlog, and that's a good place for the whole industry to be. So...
Noah Poponak: In the near-term, is it reasonable to expect that price net of inflation number to grow because I think your -- I think the pricing in your backlog is still better than what's hitting the P&L now, although correct me if that's wrong. And then if inflation is decelerating, it would seem like both the top and bottom end of that number would be widening.
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think we do feel good about the pricing that's going into the backlog, but we are still seeing inflationary pressures. The rate of inflation is certainly coming down, but there is still inflationary pressure out there.
Frank Connor: Yes. Remember, we have some longer-term supply contracts, so we did a nice job of responding to any demand in the market and created a more appropriate pricing environment, but there is some lag effect associated with our contracts and just the flowing in of inflation. But we still feel very good about where we are price net of inflation, but there is a lagging impact on some of those cost inputs.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And just the last piece on it, is your price, your rate of change in price decelerating with maybe some normalization in the market or did you not increase it so fast that it needs to slow and the rate of change is just kind of holding at this point?
Scott Donnelly: I dont know. I have not run a first derivative on our price at this point, but I don't know. We probably won't go into that level, quite that level of detail, but suffice to say, we're still getting price and feel good about how that price demand is working in the market.
Noah Poponak: All right, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Frank Connor: Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: Scott, on industrials, a good quarter there, both on the top line and the margin. How sustainable do you think this is going forward? And do you just see this as a sign that the U.S. consumer is still holding in there pretty resilient?
Scott Donnelly: Oh, look, I do think it's a good sign for sure, Robert. I mean the automotive guys recovery as kind of every geography is encouraging to see those volumes going up and there, and I think the Kautex guys did a nice job of converting on that. We still continue to see strong demand across golf and turf and consumer products. I mean -- so yes, I mean, it's -- they're hanging in there, right? I mean I think we all still worry a little bit about that high-end consumer, but things have been pretty reasonable. Now as you know, there is a certain seasonality of these businesses. In autumn, we do a lot of summer shutdowns and things like that, so second quarter is usually a stronger quarter. Third quarter is usually a little bit lighter in terms of the revenue on those businesses. But look, net of the whole thing, I think the demand environment has been improving, and our teams are doing a nice job of executing on that.
Robert Stallard: Yes. And then Frank, a technical question for you. You raised the EPS guide by $0.10, so can you give us some idea of where that's coming from within the operations?
Frank Connor: Yes. I mean it reflects kind of strong first half and the earnings obviously that we just reported. So there's a little bit in there for kind of share count and some other things, but it reflects a solid first half of the year and just continuing good execution in the second half of the year. As Scott said, I think kind of -- there's a little bit of volume at aviation that is going to probably be light relative to our guide, but industrial is probably coming in stronger than we had first thought from a top line standpoint and overall solid execution across the businesses.
Robert Stallard: Thats great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research.
George Shapiro: Good morning and good numbers. Scott, are we -- do you think we still do 200 deliveries or we should not maybe call that 190 or something given that we seem to be missing a couple each quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. I think the number is going to be a little bit lighter than we originally had in there, George so I don't think it's going to be 200. As I said, I think their execution is strong. I think the margins and contribution to earnings are going to be where we expected them to be, but it's going to be with a little bit lighter top line just driven by, again, trying to get the aircraft out and obviously those are aircraft that will move into 2024 sales that are still going to happen, but I do think we'll be a little bit lighter on the year than what we originally guided on the top line.
George Shapiro: And at Bell, is the margin guide still good, assuming that this quarter was particularly strong because Florida hasn't fully built yet, so margins will weaken in subsequent quarters?
Scott Donnelly: Look, look, I think Bell is tracking right on where we expected from a guide standpoint. So we're still seeing good execution on a lot of the production side of things. Obviously, FLRAA coming in is nice in terms of driving the top line. And clearly, it absorbs a lot of overhead in the business, which helps maintain the level of profitability in some of the other product lines. But as we've talked about the absolute number and we don't have as much V22, H1 production as we had, but we're going to still, I think, post a number that's very much in line with what we guided.
George Shapiro: And then just one follow-up on Industrial, I mean it was particularly strong, I mean, I went back and looked, it was the best quarter since like Q2 of 2018 and that probably- the business wasn't even the same at that point, although Kautex is obviously there. So, can you comment anymore? I mean it would seem like the sales you could- would be $3.6 billion guide here for the year and the margin certainly would look like it could be based on what the margin was this quarter. So if you could comment a little bit more on that?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, look, I think we do have George as I said, look, aviation is probably a little bit light on the revenue line. I think industrial will be a little bit stronger on the revenue line to offset that as we go through the year. I do think that the margins, there's probably a little bit of upside to the margin, but certainly just conversion on net revenue will give us a little bit of upside on the year. And again, that's part of what's factored into the raise on our guidance at the EPS level, so I think we're happy with how that's going on, on the industrial side. And again, it's strong demand recovering in the auto side. You don't see as much drag on automotive manufacturing, and that's good for us at Kautex, and golf and turf and these markets are staying pretty robust. So I do think that's kind of the way we think about mostly offset here, we'll see some nice upside on the revenue there, and that will bring with it some increase in Op, that's certainly incorporated in part of our raise for the year.
George Shapiro: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Myles Walton with Wolfe Research.
Louis Raffetto: Hi, you have Lou Raffetto on for Miles for you.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Louis Raffetto: So I think you kind of covered this a little bit with the ongoing disruption, I guess, within Aviation, but at what point do you think that the pricing benefit will sort of overcome or more than overcome the sort of the negative on the performance side?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean it is, right? I mean so our -- when you look at our pricing right now is even net of inflation is still enough to overcome some of the challenges in terms of inefficiencies driven by some of the ongoing supply stuff. So I think that's a trend that we've had here for a while, and I expect we'll continue to see that as we go into the future. .
Louis Raffetto: Okay. And then I think you mentioned, so is 190 the right number to think about or will you be maybe a little bit higher than that for the year?
Scott Donnelly: We're not going to guide a specific number. But I mean, I don't think it's-- being light by a couple of hundred million dollars is probably the right way to think about the top line. But again, I think from a performance standpoint, a margin standpoint, we'll -- we should be more or less in where we guided. .
Louis Raffetto: Okay, thank you very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of Cai Von Rumohr with TD Cowen.
Cai Von Rumohr: Yes. Thanks, so much. So Scott, a strategic question, obviously, your A&D business is growing with FLRAA, some opportunity at OMB, a number of other programs. And yet when you look at your business, you're not really a niche player, and you're also not up with the GD or Lockheed, those guys. Strategically, I think you said you'd like to increase A&D, how big would you like to get? And what sorts of things would you consider buying to bolster your A&D business?
Scott Donnelly: Well, it's a good question, Cai. Look we -- obviously, we'd like to be bigger. And I think that the approach we're taking here is investments that we've made in our existing businesses is driving a lot of that growth. So I think if you look at aviation, all the investments that we've made and continue to make in those new platforms, you referenced a couple of other names. Look, I think obviously, we've made a huge investment in FLRAA over the years. That's going to drive a ton of growth and shows that we can go head-to-head on a program-by-program basis and win, and drive a lot of organic growth. I think when you look at systems, some of the things that we talked around OMF or what's now referred to as XM30 and ARV with the Marine Corps, there's things out there that are potentially significant growth drivers. We're going head to head with some of the guys that are the biggest names in the business and I think we can win against them. So our focus continues to be making sure that we're making the right investments so we can drive the organic growth. And will we do acquisitions, if there's a right opportunity that comes along, absolutely. But we've got a cause I've always felt that you want to -- you don't want to have to do a deal, right? So I think that our strategy is continue to make the right investments on the organic side so that we can drive really good growth and if something comes along that makes sense from an extension [ph] standpoint, we're happy to look at that.
Cai Von Rumohr: So when you look at things, do you look at it sort of from a holding company perspective, this would be a good business or are there specific skill sets that you think would be complementary to what you currently do that would make you a stronger player in helicopters and whatever?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think, Cai, right now, it's primarily looking in the A&D space, things that would help diversify us in terms of our strength in A&D. I don't think it's likely that you see something that's specifically in the helicopter space. I just don't know that there is targets out there where you do that. And from a government standpoint and other standpoint, I don't think you would probably see much activity in that space. I'd be kind of surprised. But I think you look at complementary A&D capabilities, certainly where we bring technological capability where the target would bring technology capability that's some synergistic, but I think in large part, providing a more well-rounded, more diversified A&D company.
Cai Von Rumohr: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question will come from the line of Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley.
Kristine Liwag: Great, thanks. Scott, with the macroeconomic uncertainty and increasing interest rates, I mean, ultimately the demand and pricing for business jets and general aviation continue to be robust, a surprise for the bears pretty much. So what do you think is driving this sustained demand and how undersupplied do you think the market continues to be?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think the demand environment is driven by the fact that people-- a particular people who have come into this market and started using aircraft and experienced what private aviation is all about, have had a great experience. I mean there are time machines, right? It allows you to do things that you just can't do if you're using commercial transportation. So the productivity, the efficiency, the ability to get from anywhere to anywhere on your time and in an expeditious way is something that the more and more people and I think, again, this is if youre affected by COVID a lot of people got exposed to this market that had not in the past, and they're turning out to be a great tool. And so I think thats what continues to fuel a lot of the demand in this marketplace. So it's obviously, we offer a lot of products across a broad range of price points and performance. And I think that's why we're seeing just a fundamentally very strong demand environment. And as you know, it's not just our company and our products, but across a very, very broad range of general aviation. .
Kristine Liwag: Yes. And I guess when you look at the portfolio, light, medium and large cabin, that large cabin out of the market continues to also be robust. At this point, when you look at the Cessna portfolio, what's your appetite to go bigger? I mean we had the Columbus and the Hemisphere that didn't come about, but is there a right moment to reintroduce an airplane of that size or even larger and move up the portfolio to the larger cabin jets?
Scott Donnelly: No, I don't think there is. Look, we did look at one point, as you know when we stretch the top end of our platform. We did have programs at the time and for technical reasons and we ended up not doing those programs. I think that part of the market now, particularly as you go larger in that market, which is kind of the choice we were faced with, is a very well-served market. So I think we're better off focusing all of our R&D and our energy in our investments in sort of up to that super midsize on the Longitude. We've been doing, as you know, a lot of great upgrades to a lot of those programs, platforms all across our portfolio. And yes we continue to make the right investments. Denali is still in development, and that's going to be a homerun for us, is then which just announced. I mean, that's right in the sweet spot of our market, that's a segment of the market that we've had a great track record in the past with previous aircraft, and I think this end will be really well received and drive a ton of growth for us. So, this is -- I think that -- and we're very focused on making those investments across everything from our little Cessna 172s and now, of course, in the electric space with Pipistrel and eAviation up through Longitude. But I think that's a pretty good place for us to be and that's where we're going to focus our R&D efforts.
Kristine Liwag: Great, thanks Scott.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, today's conference will be available today, 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time running through July 27, 2024 at midnight. You may access the AT&T replay system by dialing 18662071041 and entering the access code of 8467989. International dialers may call 402-970-0847. Those numbers again are 18662071041 or 402-970-0847 with the access code of 8467989. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Event Conferencing. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Q1 2023 Textron Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Mr. Eric Salander, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Bradley, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Revenues in the quarter were $3 billion, up $23 million from last year's first quarter. Segment profit in the quarter was $259 million, down $18 million from the first quarter of 2022. During this year's first quarter, we reported net income of $0.92 per share. Adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure, was $1.05 per share compared to $0.97 per share in last year's first quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions, a non-GAAP measure, totaled $104 million in the quarter compared to $209 million in the first quarter of 2022. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric, and good morning, everyone. We had a solid first quarter. Revenues up Aviation, Industrial and Systems largely offset by lower revenues at Bell, consistent with our expectations. At Aviation in the quarter, we delivered 35 jets, down from 39 last year and 34 commercial turboprops, up from 31 in last year's first quarter. Aviation continued to see solid demand across jet and turboprop products. Backlog grew $136 million and in the first quarter at $6.5 billion. In the quarter, Aviation received an initial award on the U.S. Navy Multi-Engine Training System contract for 10 King Air 260 aircraft and associated support equipment. This contract includes options for up to 64 aircraft with deliveries in 2024 through 2026. Textron Aviation's fleet utilization remained strong in the quarter, contributing to aftermarket revenue growth of 9% as compared to last year's first quarter. Moving to Bell. We announced the appointment of Lisa Atherton as the CEO, succeeding Mitch Snyder, who will retire at the end of April. Lisa returned to Bell in January after more than five years as the President and CEO of Textron Systems. She's done an outstanding job building strong teams at Bell and Textron Systems in her 16 years with the company and certainly confidence for our military customers. I want to thank Mitch for his leadership. During his tenure, he oversaw significant wins at Bell's military business, along with development of new technologies and product innovations. Earlier this month, the FLRAA contract protest was denied and the U.S. Army subsequently canceled the stop-work order allowing work on the contract to proceed. On the commercial side of Bell, we delivered 22 helicopters, down from 25 in last year's first quarter. During the quarter, we saw solid customer activity across all our commercial products and in markets, including order from the Polish National Police for four additional BEL407s, which will expand their fleet to seven aircraft. At Textron Systems, we saw a good margin performance on higher revenues across our programs. During the quarter, Systems Aerosonde Hybrid Quad was among five competing unmanned air systems that were down selected for Increment-2 of the Army's future tactical unmanned aircraft system competition. Also during the quarter, systems delivered craft 105 of the U.S. Navy Ship-to-Shore Connector program, the seventh craft delivered to the Navy. There are now two craft remaining to be delivered under the detailed design and construction contract. Moving to Industrial. We saw higher revenues in the quarter, driven by higher volume, both in Specialized Vehicles and Kautex. Specialized Vehicles, the golf business continues to see strong demand and pricing for its lithium product. At Kautex, we announced the first Pentatonic order from an automotive OEM for a thermoplastic composite underbody battery protection skid plates. Skid plate is part of the company's new Pentatonic battery system product line, supporting battery electric vehicle production. Moving to eAviation. During the quarter, we announced two new U.S. distribution partners on the East Coast to further expand Pipistrel's existing distribution network. Also in the quarter, we finalized the route with Mesa Airlines for 25 Alpha Trainer aircraft and an option for 75 additional aircraft. At [indiscernible] during the quarter, we displayed the Pipistrel's Panthera and Velis Electro aircraft receiving CW customer interest in both models. With that I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott. Good morning, everyone. Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues at Textron Aviation of $1.1 billion were up $109 million from the first quarter of 2022, reflecting higher pricing of $58 million at higher volume of $51 million, which included higher defense and aftermarket volume. Segment profit was $125 million in the first quarter, up $15 million from a year ago, largely due to favorable pricing net of inflation of $17 million and the impact from the higher volume and mix, partially offset by an unfavorable impact from performance of $17 million. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $6.5 billion. Moving to Bell, revenues were $621 million, down $213 million from last year, as expected, on lower military revenues, reflecting lower spares and support volume in V-22 and H-1 production volume. Segment profit of $60 million was down $31 million from last year's first quarter, primarily reflecting lower volume and mix, partially offset by a favorable impact from performance of $29 million, reflecting lower research and development costs. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $4.6 billion. At Textron Systems, revenues were $306 million, up $33 million from last year's first quarter, largely reflecting higher volume. Segment profit of $34 million was up $6 million from a year ago, primarily due to a favorable impact from performance. Backlog in this segment ended the quarter at $2 billion. Industrial revenues were $932 million, up $94 million from last year's first quarter, largely due to higher volume and mix at both Textron Specialized Vehicles and Kautex. Segment profit of $41 million was up $2 million from the first quarter of 2022, primarily due to higher volume and mix and a favorable impact from pricing, net of inflation, principally in the Specialized Vehicles product line, partially offset by an unfavorable impact from performance. Textron eAviation segment revenues were $4 million and segment loss was $9 million in the quarter, primarily reflecting research and development costs. Finance segment revenues were $12 million and profit was $8 million. Moving below segment profit. Corporate expenses were $39 million. Net interest expense was $17 million, LIFO inventory provision was $25 million, intangible asset amortization was $10 million, and the non-service component of pension and post-retirement income were $59 million. In the quarter, we repurchased approximately 5.2 million shares, returning $377 million in cash to shareholders. To wrap up with guidance, we are reiterating our expected full year adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $5 to $5.20. We also continue to expect full year manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions of $900 million to $1 billion. That concludes our prepared remarks. So Bradley, we can open the line for questions. Bradley?
Operator: Of course. And our first question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you and good morning, guys.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: I wanted to ask about Bell profitability. Frank, I think you mentioned some favorable performance in there. But with the FLRAA protest now cleared, how does this change the trajectory of Bell profit? And how are you thinking about the dilution just given the development work? And just thinking about the bid overall, Textron's development value was nearly two times Lockheed. So how do we think about this in terms of revenue contribution?
Frank Connor: Well, I'd say that we had anticipated or we had planned basically for a delay in FLRAA when we gave our guidance. So FLRAA is going to roll in consistent with how we had seen Bell in terms of the $3.3 billion of revenue and eight a quarter, nine a quarter not guidance. Obviously, we had margins above that for this quarter. So we do expect to be within that margin range that we had guided to. We do expect to see revenue growth. So we think this will be the low quarter for Bell from a revenue standpoint. So as FLRAA kicks in, we talked about that being a lower contribution margin. We'll see ultimately kind of where we get in terms of booking rates on that, but we'd expect volume growth with some margin headwinds associated with that revenue coming in. But overall, the team did a really nice job from a cost structure standpoint in this quarter, offsetting that decline in volume, and we feel good about kind of how Bell is positioned in the performance of the business.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: And then just maybe, Scott, one for you. How do we think about Aviation pricing? I think you mentioned $58 million of a gross price or 5%. Is that sort of what we should expect on the growth side and how do we think about that as the dynamics of the market are changing?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. I think so, Sheila, look, I mean, obviously, the pricing is well built into the backlog. I think we are on track in terms of our expectations on costs. So I would continue to expect to see pricing net of inflation as a positive. Demand is still good in the marketplace. I think pricing is stable out there as we look out into the future bookings. So again I think it's a reasonable expectation to think that we're going to continue to see price net of inflation as a positive going forward.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Douglas Harned: Good morning. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Douglas Harned: When you look at the first quarter and orders in Aviation. Yesterday, we heard from General Dynamics that Gulfstream had some hiccups around the banking crisis that Silicon Valley Bank collapse had actually delayed a lot of decision-making in pushing orders through. How did you find that period at Aviation? Have you seen similar things there in terms of order flow?
Scott Donnelly: Look, I don't know that I would pin something specifically to Silicon Valley Bank, but when we had a positive greater than one-to-one book-to-bill in the quarter, which is good. We kind of guided to around a one-to-one book-to-bill. I think the lead time that we have right now in aircraft is in a pretty healthy place. And that's kind of what we're targeting. I guess I would say that any time you have financial disruption or adverse events out there in the economy in general, it's certainly easy for people to say, hey, look, let me think about it or wait a little bit. I think the good position we have right now is we have enough backlog out there that even if you have a quarter where you're down below one-to-one, that's not the end of the world. If somebody defers out there for a few months, that's not a problem. That's the beauty you have in the backlog. So unlike previous periods where you had some interruption and you'd see a delay, then that would hit you in terms of revenue and profit in the near term. I think we have sufficient backlog out there that even if you do have something where somebody waits a little bit, then that's fine.
Douglas Harned: And then when you look forward and you're talking about a book-to-bill in the order of one this year. When you look beyond that, how do you think about the aftermarket. I mean, we might look at this as the aftermarket should grow somewhat proportionate to the fleet, but do you expect other factors to give you more growth there, such as more content for airplane or pricing?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think it's a lot more around utilization, right? So flight hours is more closely correlated with the growth in the aftermarket as opposed to necessarily the fleet numbers. I mean, our fleet is so huge that even adding small numbers in any given quarter doesn't make any real impact. So I think it's primarily driven around utilization and utilization in the fleet remains very high.
Douglas Harned: Very good. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Okay. Thanks very much, and good morning. You saw the share repurchase amount step up nicely in the quarter. I guess, can you talk about your thinking around that and maybe where you expect share repo to come in for the year? I guess you guys might have some additional cash coming in from a recent verdict and so what your thoughts are on repo this year and whether maybe it's time to step things up.
Scott Donnelly: Well, so I think what you did see us do is step things up here in the first quarter. We've always said that that's our primary return of capital will be through share repurchase. And to do that opportunistically, we feel we've still been sort of in a good place to be buying. And so we stepped up $377 million in the quarter. Our cash flow in the company continues to be strong. We have a lot of cash on the balance sheet, as you guys know. And so I think consistent with what we guided at the beginning of the year, we expect to probably buy back somewhere in that 5% to 6% of the outstanding shares. So the first quarter was indicative of doing that. In terms of that, what's been out there in the media and the press around this intellectual property, verdict. Obviously, we're not going to comment much on that as it goes along through the legal process, but that's not something that we would expect to see cash come in any time in the near future. There's appeal processes, who knows how that's going to play out. So that doesn't factor into our thinking in terms of share repossession at this time.
Seth Seifman: Okay, great. I'll leave it there this morning and pass it on. Thanks very much.
Scott Donnelly: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Cai Von Rumohr with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Cai Von Rumohr: Thanks for taking the question and nice results. So at Aviation, maybe give us some color in terms of relative trend you're seeing in supply chain? And also, what was the commercial biz jet book-to-bill because obviously you also got some defense orders there in the quarter?
Scott Donnelly: So the supply chain side, Cai, is largely unchanged. I would say that kind of as we've talked about earlier, I think our labor position is in a much better place than it was. We did bring a lot of resources in the third and fourth quarter last year. Obviously, that does create some disruption, which, as you know, affects some of our conversion here is some of that inefficiency on lines here in the first half of this year. But we're largely staffed at the levels where we want to be. So I would say on that front, things are certainly improved. But we continue to have suppliers have issues that are causing us to do things out of sequence and driving still some inefficiencies in how we operate the plant. So it's -- I'd say it's not getting worse, but it's not necessarily getting better. Sometimes it's frustrating. If you get one kind of resolved and another supplier becomes a problem. And I -- we kind of expected that to be an ongoing issue through most of the balance of this year. So I don't think there's any big surprises there, but it's still a challenge. As far as order, look, our book-to-bill was greater than one. We feel good about that. It's -- we don't break it out down to the individual models or programs, but certainly, we're -- I'd say we're happy with how the demand is going in both jets and turboprops. So I think we're in a pretty good place.
Cai Von Rumohr: Okay. And then a follow-up to Seth's question. 5.2 million shares is like 2.5%. So essentially, in one quarter, you've done half of your buyback target for the year. You won FLRAA, you had this bluebird of the DGI patent suit. What's the chance that basically the 5% to 6% is exceeded in terms of the repo?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think, again we're going to continue to press on this opportunistically, Cai, and we'll see how it plays out through the balance of the year. But I mean, as you know, it's not really formal guidance. We just kind of indicate to you guys how we're thinking. And there's no change in how we're thinking it continuing to be our primary means of returning value to shareholders.
Cai Von Rumohr: Fabulous. Thank you very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Frank Connor: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: First of all, Frank, you said you were holding the EPS and cash flow guidance for the year. Are there any changes in the divisional guidance for 2023?
Frank Connor: No, it's roughly in line with where we had been.
Robert Stallard: Okay. And then, Scott, one for you. Industrial double-digit growth in the quarter is pretty healthy performance. How sustainable do you think that is given the economic backdrop that we're seeing particularly on your shorter cycle products?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, it's something to keep an eye on. I'd say that we're kind of roughly to the plan that we thought. I think you're -- we certainly expect to see and have seen softness in some of the short-cycle consumer side of things. But we're seeing strong performance still or, let's say, in some of the industrial and commercial applications. And when we look at our production allocations, for instance, we're certainly pushing some of our capacity and our volume to serve commercial industrial applications more so than on some of the consumer side. So that's one where -- obviously, there's some uncertainty, we keep a close eye on it. But net of all those things, there's enough demand across all of the different markets that we serve to drive that kind of growth. And I think we'll continue to see that through the balance of the year.
Robert Stallard: Okay, that's great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please go ahead.
David Strauss: Thanks, good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
David Strauss: Scott, biz jet deliveries in the quarter, were those a little lighter than you were anticipating? Just looking at how much inventory, I know you always built some inventory in Q1, but there was a pretty big inventory build in the quarter. So I don't know, some deliveries, you missed some deliveries or kind of where you came in relative to what you were thinking?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Dave, I mean, for sure, but it's a couple of aircraft, right? I mean I think it's something is going to pressure us all year long, but we also factored in, in terms of our plans, what we thought we would see in terms of headwinds. So I don't think we're very disconnected from what we indicated in terms of the guide for the year.
David Strauss: Okay. Was that supply chain related, customer decision? What drove those delays?
Scott Donnelly: Most of the delays we're going to see through the course of the year are supply chain related just getting parts and being able to get things sequenced and through test. We haven't seen any real change in customer behavior that's impacted anything.
David Strauss: Okay. And then I was wondering if you could maybe give a big picture look or how we should think about Bell given all the various moving pieces, thinking beyond this year. Obviously, with FLRAA now in-house, H-1 and the V-22 rolling off, I think not sure what the outlook is for V-22 aftermarket. But how should we think about the growth profile for Bell thinking out over the next couple of years given all these moving pieces?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Well, look, I think Frank kind of indicated this as well. We certainly expect revenues to be increasing in Bell through the balance of the year and into next year as the FLRAA program is ramping up. So I think on the revenue growth side, we feel very good about that. Clearly, as we bring in a higher proportion of primarily cost plus development effort that's going to be at lower margins and those production program volumes on V-22 and H-1 that have been going down. So you do have that mix issue. That's kind of where that led us to the guide that we have out there this year and I think that's kind of where we would expect to be as we go forward. So we're going to get this thing back into a growth mode, but it is going to be heavily weighted towards a cost-plus relatively lower margin piece of the business that's going to be offsetting lost revenue that's a higher margin. But I think it's going to stay as a healthy business, but it's certainly not going to be at the margin levels that we've seen in the past number of years.
David Strauss: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton with Wolf Research. Please go ahead.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Myles Walton: Scott, in the last 12 months, I guess, or 18 months, last two additions to your Board of Directors where a couple of defense executives and Richard Ambrose and Tom Kennedy. And I'm curious if sort of the trend there is indicative of where you want to be taking the portfolio directionally more towards defense? And if so, is it indicative of the organics with FLRAA obviously being a contributor or more inorganic from an M&A interest? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Look, these are both guys who have, to your point, a lot of deep experience in the aerospace and defense world. Our company has always been sort of in that 30% defense with the growth that we're expecting to see in the systems business with the growth, obviously, we're expected to see in FLRAA and ongoing opportunities in the near future here, I think, of future opportunities in Bell and systems. I felt like it made a lot of sense for us to beef up a little bit more on the A&D side of the company. But these guys are recent retirees, their current. They know acquisition, they know defense and they know aerospace technology. So I think they're two great adds onto the Board. So there's no real super underlying message, but obviously, these are a couple of real high-quality individuals that know our space very well.
Myles Walton: Okay. Very good. And there was just 1 clarification, if I could. On the FLRAA disclosures from the protest, you talked about cost-plus incentive portion and fixed price incentive version. Can you just illuminate us on maybe where the fixed price risk you've taken on is and isn't? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think there's two principal pieces of fixed price. One is kind of a program management and operation layer, which I think is low risk. We sort of understand what that is. And then as you guys know, there are several deliverables under this full program. There's the EMD phase, which has about eight aircraft that are part of the development test -- limited user test for the Army. And then there's a craft that are the [indiscernible] first initial production craft and the material that's in there is at fixed price. So -- but it's heavily weighted towards the cost plus.
Myles Walton: Thanks again.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, George.
George Shapiro: Scott, the supply chain issues, I mean, led to an incremental margin of 14% in aviation this quarter. That's the same that you had in the fourth quarter. And the performance impact, $16 million, $17 million is similar. So do you expect that the rest of the year? Or can you overcome some of the supply chain issues that you had mentioned are going to continue?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, George. Look, I think it will abate in the back half of the year. As we talked about, a lot of those efficiencies are things that were experienced in the back half of last year. A lot of that obviously goes through inventory. So that releases with the aircraft deliveries here in the first half of this year. Obviously, that anticipates that performance and disruption will be less in the first half of this year than it was in the last half of last year. And I think more or less so far, we're seeing that. I think our factory is running better. That's largely as I said, attributable to the fact that we've got the resources on board. There's still issues turnovers higher than we would like. There's still more churn than historical. But certainly, the plant is running in a more efficient way. Now supplier issues still pop up, as I said. But net of all that, I think that we will see better lower impacts of those efficiencies in the back half of the year than the first half of the year. So even with that 14%, which again is kind of where we expect it to be. I think for the total year, the overall conversion, which is sort of 24 so percent, which is appropriate for our business is still something we expect to realize for the total year.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then have you changed anything about deliveries expectation for the year?
Scott Donnelly: No. Not really. I think we're still tracking to what we guided.
George Shapiro: Okay. Thank you very much. Good report.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter Arment: Yeah, thanks. Good morning, Scott. Frank. Nice results.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Peter Arment: Hey, Scott, you've had a lot of questions on Aviation. I'll just ask one quick one. There's been a slight kind of increase in used aircraft out there. I'm sure it's in-production aircraft still remains very low. Just maybe any comments that you're watching or from your perspective on the used market?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Peter. Look, obviously, we watch this very carefully. And you see numbers coming out, and they look like big percentages, of course, there are big percentages on very small numbers. So I think when we look at the used available -- when you look at kind of that zero to 10 years old, it's less than -- it's around a couple of tenths of a percent of our fleet. So it's a really, really small number. I mean, we're talking about nine aircraft that we know of right now that are under 10 years old versus our fleet size of over 7,000 aircraft. So look, it's a trend of we see in the marketplace, but remember, these are -- on an absolute basis, these are very small numbers, right? So the available for sale is less than a few percent, and about half of those are 20, 25 plus year old aircraft. So still a very, very positive environment in terms of used aircraft available for sale.
Peter Arment: Thanks so much. I appreciate the color.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global. Please go ahead.
Pete Skibitski: Hey, good morning, Scott and Frank and Eric. A little bit of a follow-on to, I think it was Myles' question on FLRAA. Typically, congrats, you get past the GEO review on FLRAA, big milestone there, but now you have to kind of switch to a keep-sold strategy, right? So I'm just wondering, Scott, from your perspective, what your view is on the technical and schedule risk to the development contract as you kind of move from the aircraft in your configuration to the exact production configuration as the Army wants. I'm just wondering kind of how you gauge the risks and if there are any important milestones that we should be on the lookout for?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Peter. Look, I think the way the Army has conducted this acquisition, and as you guys know, this goes back a decade, really, right, of both guys going through design, development, producing prototype aircraft, flying them, lots of soldier touch points, Army pilots flying them. As you know, as we went even through the formalities of the formal RFP and during this whole period of time, the proposal valuation, there was ongoing effort under the OTA for the CRR program, which was continuing to reduce risk and finalize design activities and risk reduction even whilst the proposal evaluation was going on. And so I think the good news here is we have a really, really solid technical baseline for the aircraft itself. We have a great team that's in place, ready to go, that is being reassembled here to now go execute the EMD program. Obviously, there's a lot of new stuff here around the mission systems and development of that capability in the MOSA system for the - and ensures the architecture of the mission systems and how they accommodate changes over time. But I think that we have a really, really good technical baseline. The aircraft that we're about to go design and build and fly is very, very close to the aircraft that we've already designed and built and flown. So I think there's a big chunk of a risk that has been very effectively reduced and we're ready to go get at it.
Pete Skibitski: Okay. I appreciate the color.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kristine Liwag: Hey, good morning. Scott, Frank, when you look at the portfolio today, it's clearly stronger this cycle versus the last. Aviation has got a backlog, Bell secured FLRAA, Industrials is stable now. With the balance sheet pretty low, what's your appetite to expand into another vertical and tap into secular growth markets?
Scott Donnelly: Look, I think that we -- as we've always said, we'll -- we keep an eye on things as things come to market or there's opportunities out there. But obviously, our plan is still built around organic growth. Investments in the businesses that we have, which I think we've been making substantial investments and those are paying off for us in terms of what organic growth we're seeing. And at this point, look, I think we do have a very strong balance sheet. We have a lot of cash on hand. We have strong cash generation in the business. We'll continue to execute on our buyback programs. If something came along that we thought made sense that was, frankly, in the A&D space and was something that we knew could be accretive and a better value to our shareholders than just continuing share buyback, we would look at it. But as I said, it would have to be something where it's a clear win and always contrasting that with what's going on with our share buyback program.
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And with that our last question comes from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ronald Epstein: Hey, good morning guys.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Ron.
Ronald Epstein: Scott, could you kind of walk through -- you mentioned earlier on the call, is kind of back to Myles' question about positioning the company for some more growth in defense and the opportunities ahead of you in Bell and Systems. But if you could walk through a couple of those that maybe you find particularly interesting for the company.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Well, Ron, I would say that the FLRAA win on a stand-alone basis is hugely important to our future. I think our guys have done a great job over the past decade in investing and positioning for that. Obviously, as you know, the FLRAA program continues. It's a few years behind the FLRAA program, but one where, again, I think our team has made the right investments. We've got the right people that have developed a product that I think is going to be a home run. As you know, we're all kind of waiting on the engine side to have that thing fly. But again, the Army activity continues in risk reduction and further affinitizing that program. So clearly, I think that's a great opportunity. I think we have a great solution. There are activities, which, again, are publicly out there in terms of the future systems the Navy and the Marine Corps are looking at, which I think a lot of our technology, particularly in the tilt rotor space, will potentially be a great solution and can leverage off a lot of the investment that we've already made on the 280 program. Those were likely to be adaptations. But again, from a technological standpoint, I think we're in a really good place for some of those future opportunities. High-speed VTOL Bell arguably provide a little bit further off, but that's another step I think that leverages, our fundamental core capabilities to go to even higher speed, higher performing, longer range assets. So I think Bell in my view, Ron, I guess I would say I think we have a phenomenal franchise around tilt rotor, and I think we have a lot of opportunities to continue to grow that franchise on a number of different adaptations of that technology into the future. On the system side, okay, that's -- there's a lot of programs in there. I think we've -- the win on the Sentinel program with Northrop is a driver of growth for us going forward as that moves ultimately from EMD into its production phases here in the future. We have some great new wins on the munition side with XM204s and XM250s. Again a great franchise for us for a long time, which is really growing. I mentioned our down-select on FTUAS. Shadow continues to be a good program for us, but the Future Tactical UAS with the Army is certainly a big opportunity. There's a couple of big land vehicle programs, as you know, ARV on the Marine Corps side, OMFV on the Army side. So I mean I don't want to wrap up those stuff, but there's lots of opportunities out there for which we've either won or we've been down selected or I think we're certainly a viable competitor. You're not going to win all these things, but there's enough opportunity, and I think we're in good enough place that we can see a lot of organic growth being driven out of that business as well.
Ronald Epstein: Got you. And then maybe 1 follow-on, if I can. Maybe in the shorter term, are you seeing much demand being driven from the war in the Ukraine? Are you seeing orders for stuff that maybe 18 months ago, you wouldn't have expected better?
Scott Donnelly: No, we're really not, Ron. We're not in that sort of munition space. I mean there has been some dialogue around some land vehicles, but they're largely EDA things that are in surplus in the army that would come out being refurbished and put over there. There's some talk of different UAS systems. So there's some -- there are -- we've had nothing so far. And there's probably some relatively speaking, smaller opportunities going forward, but it's not going to be a material impact to us.
Ronald Epstein: Got it. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And with that, ladies and gentlemen, today's conference will be available for replay after 10 A.M. Eastern today through April 27, 2024. You may access the AT&T replay system at any time by dialing the 1-866-207-1041, entering the access code 4732406. International participants may dial 402-970-0847. And those numbers again are 1-866-207-1041 and 402-970-0847, again, entering the access code 4732406. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T conferencing service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2022 Textron Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Vice President, Investor Relations, Mr. Eric Salander. Please go ahead.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings, and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO, and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Revenues in the quarter were $3.6 billion, up $3.3 billion in last year's third quarter. Segment profit in the quarter was $317 million, up $7 million from the fourth quarter of '21. During this year's fourth quarter, we reported income from continuing operations of $1.07 per share. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions totaled $368 million in the quarter, up $70 million from last year's fourth quarter. For the full year, revenues were $12.9 billion up from $487 million from last year. In 2022, segment profit was $1.2 billion up $89 million from 2021. Income from continuing operations was $4.01 per share, compared to $3.30 in 2021. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $1.2 billion, up $29 million from 2021. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric, and good morning, everyone. Our business closed out the year with another strong quarter. In the quarter aviation grew revenue and segment profit reflecting high record deliveries increased aftermarket volume and strong pricing net of inflation as compared to last year's fourth quarter. Also in the quarter, we continue to see solid order flow customer demand across our aircraft product portfolio ended the year with 6.4 billion of backlog. For the year we delivered 178 jets up from 167 last year, and 146 commercial turboprops up from 125 in 2021. Textron aviation defense delivered 10 T6 aircraft for the year up from five year a ago. Throughout 2022, strong aircraft utilization within the Textron aviation product portfolio resulted in a 16% growth in aftermarket revenues. At bell, as expected revenues were down slightly in the quarter on lower military revenue reflecting the continued wind down on the H1 program partially offset by higher commercial revenue. In December, U.S. Army announced the Bells V-280 Valor was selected as the winner of the future long range assault aircraft program competition. This award is a testament to the hard work of the Bell team that designed built and flew V-280 prototype over the last 10 years in support of this win. The initial flyer contract award of up to 1.3 billion over the first 19 months with an initial funding of 232 million for engineering and manufacturing development related activity is currently on hold pending the outcome of protest was filed at year-end by the competing vendor. On the commercial side of Bell, we delivered 179 helicopters in 2022, up from 156 in 2021. Moving to Textron systems revenues were essentially flat with last year's fourth quarter. During the fourth quarter systems awarded another anti-vehicle munition contract from the U.S. Army. The award is valued at $162 million over five-year period performance. In December, Systems announced the delivery of the Cottonmouth to the U.S. Marine Corps for testing through 2023. This vehicle was purpose built for the Marines Advanced Reconnaissance Vehicle Program. Also in the quarter system delivered to the fixed Ship-to-Shore Connector to the U.S. Navy after the successful completion with substance trials. Moving to industrial, we saw high revenue in the quarter driven by higher volume, both Caltex and Specialized Vehicles, and favorable pricing principally in specialized vehicles. Moving to aviation, we delivered 6 Bell [indiscernible] aircraft in the fourth quarter, including the first unit into Canada. For the year, [indiscernible] delivered 61 aircraft following the completion of the acquisition in April 2022. In summary, we saw strong demand across our commercial product lines and the team as executed well despite supply chain and labor constraints. At aviation, the team executed very well with a full year segment profit margin of 11.5%. It was above the high-end of our original guidance range. Aviation's backlog grew 55% to 6.4 billion at year end on strong border activity and customer demand. On the new product front, we received FAA certification for the Cessna SkyCourier and delivered 6 units to our launch customer, FedEx, during 2022. The Textron Aviation Defense, the Light-Attack 86 Wolverine achieved military type certification from the U.S. Air Force, enabling the first international sale of 8 aircraft. At Bell, the December 2022 FLRAA contract, award has solidified the long-term outlook for the segment and should provide an increasing revenue stream that we expect will drive growth well into the future. On FLRAA, the 360 Invictus is nearly complete, and we expect first flight 2023, pending delivery of the ICAP engine. At Textron Systems, we advanced our weapons programs with the award of our anti-vehicle munitions programs, continued work on the robotic combat vehicle and Armor Reconnaissance Vehicle Development Programs. Systems also obtained airworthiness certifications for 4 additional F1s at ATAC, bringing the total operational F1 fleet to 23 aircraft in support of increased demand across U.S. military tactical air programs. At Textron Specialized Vehicles, the company continued its leadership in the development and production of zero emission gulf vehicles, turf maintenance equipment and ground support equipment to markets. At Caltex in 2022, we were awarded contracts on 14 hybrid electric vehicle programs for our fuel systems. At Aviation, the Pipistrel Velis Electro continued to receive certifications from around the world and is now certified in more than 30 countries. Looking to 2023. At Aviation, we are projecting growth driven by increased deliveries across all product lines and higher aftermarket volume. At Bell, we're projecting revenue growth in 2023 on higher military revenues from the FARA program and higher commercial revenues. At Systems, we're expecting mid-single-digit revenue growth across our businesses. At Industrial, we're expecting revenue growth at specialized vehicles and Caltex. At Aviation, we plan to continue investments in development of technologies and products supporting sustainable flight solutions for unmanned cargo, next-generation electric trainers, EV tolls and general aviation. With this overall backdrop, we're projecting revenues of about $14 billion for Textron's 2023 financial guidance, projecting adjusted EPS in the range of $5 to $5.20. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions is expected to be in the range of $900 million to $1 billion. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues at Textron Aviation of $1.6 billion were up $223 million from a year ago, reflecting higher jet and defense volume and higher pricing. Segment profit was $169 million in the fourth quarter, up $32 million from last year's fourth quarter due to favorable pricing, net of inflation of $29 million and higher volume and mix, partially offset by an unfavorable impact from performance. Performance includes unfavorable manufacturing performance largely related to inefficiencies from supply chain disruptions and increased staffing associated with higher production, partially offset by lower selling and administrative costs. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $6.4 billion. Moving to Bell. Revenues were $816 million, down $42 million from last year, reflecting lower military revenues, partially offset by higher commercial revenues. Segment profit of $71 million was down $17 million from a year ago, primarily reflecting lower military volume and mix, partially offset by a favorable impact from performance. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $4.8 billion. At Textron Systems, revenues were $314 million, up $1 million from last year's fourth quarter. Segment profit of $40 million was down $5 million from a year ago. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $2.1 billion. Industrial revenues were $907 million, up $126 million from last year, reflecting higher in volume and mix of $95 million and a $59 million favorable impact from pricing largely at specialized vehicles product line, partially offset by an unfavorable impact of $28 million from foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Segment profit of $42 million was up $4 million from the fourth quarter of 2021, primarily due to higher volume and mix, partially offset by an unfavorable impact from performance. Textron eAviation segment revenues were $6 million and segment loss was $10 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, which reflected the operating results of Pipistrel along with research and development costs for initiatives related to the development of sustainable aviation solutions. Finance segment revenues were $11 million, and profit was $5 million. Moving below segment profit, corporate expenses were $43 million in the fourth quarter. Interest expense, net for the manufacturing group was $17 million. Our manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $368 million in the quarter. For the year, manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions totaled $1.2 billion, up $29 million from the prior year despite higher cash tax payments of $284 million in 2022 related to the R&D tax law change. In the quarter, we repurchased approximately 3.3 million shares, returning $228 million in cash to shareholders. For the full year, we repurchased approximately 13.1 million shares, returning $867 million in cash to shareholders. Beginning in the first quarter of 2023, we'll change how we measure our segment results. Going forward, we will exclude from segment profit, the LIFO inventory provision, intangible asset amortization and the non-service component of pension and postretirement income or expense. These items will be separately reported on the income statement below segment profit. We believe these changes will provide a more consistent method of measuring and evaluating business performance across our segments, while also aligning our reporting results more consistently with other companies within our industry. On Slide 15 and 16 in the investor presentation posted to our website, you will find prior year results, reflecting the recast of segment profit. Also effective with the first quarter of 2023 results we will report earnings per share on an adjusted basis that excludes the LIFO inventory provision and intangible asset amortization, both non-cash items. Turning now to our 2023 outlook on Slide 9. We're expecting adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $5 to $5.20 per share. We're also expecting manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions to be about $900 million to $1 billion. Moving to segment outlook on Slide 11 and beginning with Textron Aviation. We're expecting revenues of about $5.7 billion; segment margin is expected to be in a range of approximately 12% to 13%. Looking to Bell, we expect revenues of about $3.3 billion. We're forecasting a margin in a range of 8.25% to 9.25%. At Systems, we're estimating revenues of about $1.25 billion with a margin in a range of about 10.75% to 11.75%. At Industrial, we're expecting segment revenues of about $3.6 billion and margin to be in the range of about 5% to 6%. At eAviation, we expect revenues of $45 million and a segment loss of $65 million, largely reflecting our continued investments in sustainable aviation solutions. Lastly, at finance, we're forecasting a profit of about $15 million. Looking at Slide 12, we're projecting about $150 million of corporate expense. We're also projecting about $90 million of net interest expense; $130 million of LIFO inventory provision; $35 million of intangible asset amortization; and $235 million of non-service pension income. We expect a full year effective tax rate of approximately 17.5%. Turning to Slide 13. R&D is expected to be about $585 million, down from $601 million last year. We're estimating CapEx will be about $425 million, up from $354 million in 2022. Our outlook assumes an average share count of about 205 million shares in 2023. That concludes our prepared remarks. So Greg, you can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: You've definitely had a busy quarter between FARA. So congratulations on that. And I think you threw in an Aerojet bid and [indiscernible] as well. So I wanted to focus on aviation margins. In Q4, I think you ended at 10.7%, potentially lower, including the recasting for LIFO. How do we think about the walk to the 12.5% margins in 2023?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think, Sheila -- so first of all, the quarter, we knew that we were going to have some headwind with supply chain. And obviously, we brought a lot of new people on board which is a good thing but had a lot of impacts just getting all those folks on and training and those kinds of interruptions. So in the quarter, we did take a lot of those unusual impacts right to expense in the quarter rather than putting it into in inventory. So we did take a hit on that. LIFO was still in there, obviously, in that reported number. So obviously, on a recast basis going forward, that will be there. So I think when we think about what happens as we go into 2023, obviously, you're going to not have the LIFO in there. And I think we're going to see, again, we're guiding probably almost $0.5 billion of higher revenue, and that converts at good margins. So I think we're pretty bullish on our ability to drive higher margins as we go through 2023.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: And maybe just as a follow-up to that longer term, like how do you think about peak trough margins in aviation? Is it just steady as it goes from here? Can it just be a 20% incremental margin business?
Scott Donnelly: Well, as you know, Sheila, based on analyst pressures, we've been striving to get above 10% margins in the aviation business. And we feel pretty good about that. So look, I think it's going to be very much volume driven. You guys know we tend to convert somewhere in that 20%, 25% range. I expect we can continue that as we go forward. Certainly, we're guiding that in our conversion for 2023 and as we go beyond that, we'll just have to see where the market is. The good news is demand has remained strong. The fourth quarter demand remained strong, and with good bookings in Q4. So environment, I think we feel pretty good about. But in terms of what margins do on a go-forward basis. I think we would kind of remain in that neighborhood of expecting sort of a 20%, 25% conversion on our revenue growth.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Strauss from Barclays. Please go ahead.
David Strauss: Scott, could you just talk through the forecast at Bell, so up revenue, down margins, decent amount. You mentioned it includes FLRAA. So what exactly is your assumption for FLRAA? Does that assume you win it post protest? Just if you could help there.
Scott Donnelly: Sure, David. It does. So the protest period ends at the first week of April. So we've baked that into our estimates, assuming that will be resolved by that period of time. Obviously, the dynamics in terms of margin is that we will continue to see a decline on the military revenue side. There'll be some offset on the commercial revenue side. We've had a good year in terms of bookings and expect to see nice growth on the commercial side. And then obviously, we'll have 3/4 of the FLRAA program coming in, which is good, but that is a lower margin business. I mean EMD programs tend to be lower margin, and that's what we've forecast in our guide for you for '23.
David Strauss: Scott, can you say specifically how much revenue is in there for FLRAA? And how would we expect to ramp beyond 2023 in terms of revenue? A - Scott Donnelly No. We're not going to break out the specifics of the individual programs, but I think clearly, it will ramp as we go into '24, '25 and obviously, I think probably for quite some time. I mean, I think this program will be a terrific boom for the business. It's going to start out, obviously, with a lot of the CMD, which as we said, is great volume and good revenue, but not a whole lot of margin. And then obviously, we'll expect to see it continue to grow and turn into better margins as you get into production programs and foreign military sales and all the things that we would expect will come along with a successful FLRAA program.
David Strauss: Okay. And last one on the aero supply chain. Could you just update us there? And your deliveries, I think, came in a fair amount later for the full year than we were originally anticipating at the beginning of the year. So how many additional deliveries could you have done this year if you didn't have supply chain bottlenecks. Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I don't know if we'll go into express numbers, David. But look, we've been kind of forecasting here since the mid part of the year that we expected we would end up a few hundred million dollars light versus our initial guide based on the fact that we continue to see supply chain challenges and some labor issues. I think labor has certainly improved through the balance of the year, although a lot of that is new folks and training and it has an efficiency impact, but at least we're making some progress on that front. I think we've had a number of suppliers that were challenged or getting better, but you always have a couple out there that are still struggling. So we kind of anticipated that in the back half of the year. That's why we kind of try to provide some color that we expected this to be a few hundred million off of our guide. But I think that we've taken that into consideration. So as we think about next year's guide for '23, there are still going to be supply chain challenges all along the way. But we think we've taken that into proper consideration in terms of the '23 guide.
David Strauss: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: I'll start with Frank. I was wondering if you could give us some sort of walk on the manufacturing cash flow and why you expect it to modestly decline in 2023?
Frank Connor: Yes. It's a reflection of an expectation that we'll continue to see good performance from a working capital standpoint. But we do have the continuation of higher cash taxes associated with the R&D tax credit change. And also, we're just expecting a slightly lower V in deposit activity from commercial volume. So we're kind of framing it in terms of kind of 1:1 book-to-bill type expectation as it relates to deposit activity, and that kind of has a little bit of a headwind on cash relative to where we have been.
Robert Stallard: Okay. And then maybe one for Scott. Also, been a lot of commentary around about in the business jet industry about some of the lead indicators starting to slow. Have you seen any impact of, say, activity leveling off of used inventory increasing having any impact on order activity for you?
Scott Donnelly: No, we haven't seen that, Robert. I mean, I think our order rate in the fourth quarter was consistent with the third quarter. It remains quite healthy. I think when people look at some of these leading indicators, like it's hard to keep track of what -- when you see a little bit of an increase in used available for sale, what kind of aircraft are those? What are their vintages? We think, obviously, the market has been very strong. So people are looking to put some aircraft on the market. They're still at very low levels. So we're not seeing the knock-on effect into market for new aircraft. So we haven't seen a material change in the level of activity that's going out there in terms of order activity. I mean, there's lots of people ready reports. It's frankly hard to understand. Sometimes there's so many comparisons of flying by region, by size of aircraft compared to '19 compared to last quarter, compared to '22 but it's in the round. So we haven't seen any of that have a meaningful impact on order activity.
Robert Stallard: That's great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Arment from Baird.
Peter Arment: Scott, just circling back on David's question regarding just the supply chain and maybe just tacking and inflation. So it sounds like -- I mean, it sounds like things are holding in there? Or are they getting a little better? And then just also, just could you maybe talk a little bit how you're passing in the higher input costs right now?
Scott Donnelly: Well, on the supply chain side, Peter, I think we have some suppliers where we've had challenges, and we clearly see them getting healthy and getting better. But we have other areas where suppliers are still struggling. I mean, I don't want to go into too much detail, but it's very specific components, very specific suppliers. Obviously, we're working with them and trying to get them healthy and do a better job in terms of getting parts into the factory. And obviously, from our standpoint, we do lots of out-of-sequence work and swapping parts around. We'd like to stop doing that. It's an efficiency hit to us. Our guys have to work through every day. So I think it's about the same, right? As I said, there are some suppliers that are getting better but then you got one that's just having a hard time catching up. I don't know that we're seeing a lot of new suppliers coming in and say, hey, I got a big problem. We have a couple there we've been struggling all year, and we're trying to get them back on schedule. They're working at it, but they're just not quite there yet. And again, we factored that into how we think 2023 will play out. In terms of the pricing side of things, Peter, we continue to get price, net of inflation. We're very focused on that. As these input costs increase, we got to drive price to get that back. I think the guys are doing a pretty good job of that.
Peter Arment: And just as a quick follow-up on systems, I mean, just could you talk a little bit post the [indiscernible] bill and defense kind of looking funding pretty robust as we go forward. How are you looking at, we're showing modest growth for systems this year, but how do you think longer term?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think when we look at the [indiscernible] numbers, they seem fine to us. When you look at what came through on the omnibus in terms of this current fiscal year's budget, was in line with our expectations. So I think we're fine. The growth, the good news at systems is it's really kind of across almost all the product lines. It's not just one particular thing. Obviously, we've had some new wins in the munition side, which is great. That's put that business back to growth. Sentinel program continues to do well. Our ship-to-shore, as I said, we've made deliveries. We'll start negotiating the next production by here shortly, but we'll finish the DD&C this year and start production deliveries. The ATAC business has had nice growth. Our electronics business has had a nice growth. It really is kind of across all of the businesses within systems. And the omnibus budget that was appropriated is consistent with obviously what we're guiding to you guys.
Peter Arment: Appreciate the color. Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski from Alembic Global. Please go ahead.
Peter Skibitski: Scott, fair to say, I think some of your businesses have a cyclical component to them. And I'm just wondering I'm sure you guys see, I think the consensus out there for the macro guys is that we'll have some sort of mild recession this year, maybe later this year. So as you guys see that and whether you agree with it or not, is it prudent for you to maybe even kind of slow the top-line growth in those type of businesses in maybe like Citation, maybe TSV to kind of protect your margins and not over hire? Are you guys thinking about your businesses that way or not necessarily right now?
Scott Donnelly: We absolutely look at that, Peter. I mean, as I said, there's cyclicality in almost every business, right? So some have more than others. Those that we think are going to be more recession sensitive we've kind of factored in thinking we'll have a mild recession. I don't think it's going to be dramatic. We're certainly not thinking about something in the scope of back in the 2009, '10 kind of time frame. But I don't think we have an economic situation that's going to lead to something like that. I'd say, look, I think when you look back at previous modest recessions, the area that has always impacted us the most difficult has been a slowdown in the aviation business. And I think we're in a very different place than we've been in those previous sessions because we have a pretty significant backlog. So I think that the nature of that will allow us to -- even if you were to see a slowdown in bookings which is entirely possible. I would expect it if you really go into a modest recession, you'll see a slowdown in booking. But you've got almost 2 years of backlog sitting there that you'll continue to execute on. And I think that will help you ride through it. And we haven't had that for a bunch of years, Peter, as you know. So I think that it's one that would translate to a slowdown in bookings, but not something that would slow us down in terms of our revenue and margin generation.
Peter Skibitski: Okay. That's fair. Just one last one for me. Scott, are you guys any closer to signing that AH-1 deal with Nigeria?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean it's in the kind of government contracting process, right? So that ends up being -- because of the FMS nature of that, that would be signed between ourselves and the U.S. government. And as you know, Peter, that can take a little while.
Pete Skibitski: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Frank, if you could just fill in a couple of numbers. How much was aftermarket up in the quarter?
Frank Connor: Well, at aviation, aftermarket as a percent of the sales was 27%. So you can kind of do the V based on that, it was 11%.
Eric Salander: [Indiscernible] for the year, and I think it was [indiscernible] in the quarter.
Frank Connor: Yes. And aftermarket was 33% of total sales for the year at aviation.
George Shapiro: Okay. And Scott, you didn't specifically mention, but I assume you're looking at deliveries based on the revenue forecast for '23, somewhere 200, 205 deliveries. Is that fair?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. It's going to be in that neighborhood, George. And we've got a lot of dialogue and think about when you back to '19 and obviously, the mix of aircraft is quite different, right? I mean we're certainly heavier on the super mids and the mids than we would have been a few years ago, but that's -- if you look at our revenue guide, it's probably going to be somewhere around that couple of hundred aircraft.
George Shapiro: And Scott, I looked at the fourth quarter and even if I added back the $16 million that you mentioned for supply chain issues, the margin was still weaker than the last couple of quarters. So what else was going on there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I don't know where the 16 -- the inefficiencies that we took through and LIFO, which was around probably about $10 million or something impact is largely what drove us to the margin rate that we reported.
George Shapiro: Okay. Very good. That's it for me. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: Scott, you've alluded to it, but your backlog is several multiples of what it was just a few years ago and the production is not. So what's the average wait time at this point? And how are you thinking about managing how long you're making customers wait for an airplane?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I mean it does vary from model to model, right? When you look at the longitudes and latitudes the larger aircraft in the family, and we think those should be out a couple of years. And that's generally where they are. When you get into some of the smaller aircraft. Those tend to be a shorter cycle order deliveries. But again, those probably should be in that 12- to 18-month kind of window. So when we think about production volumes and what we're laying into our forecast which is then, that then drives what our sales team has in terms of available slots and time frames, that's kind of how we're managing it.
Noah Poponak: Okay. How does pricing that's entering the backlog now compared to pricing that's hitting the P&L now in the aviation jet business?
Scott Donnelly: It's better.
Noah Poponak: Increasing or stable?
Scott Donnelly: I'm not sure. I mean, we don't measure a gap. You mean pricing of inflation, is that --
Noah Poponak: I guess what I'm wondering is, I know you've been taking price as the market's been stronger. Was there a period of time as the market was strengthening, where you were not taking as much price to allow the backlog to extend first before you now take more price? Is that the strategy? Or has it been pretty consistent for the last few years?
Scott Donnelly: It's been pretty consistent, Noah. I think like the pricing, obviously, demand is strong, right, which is very helpful from a pricing standpoint. But our opinion, this market has been mispriced for a long time. I mean, this is a business which, as you guys know, it's a lot of R&D. It's expensive to develop these things and get them through certifications and you need to have fair pricing to generate these kind of margins. We always believe the business had to be back as a double-digit profit margin business, and we've been driving price to make sure that, that's the case.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And what would be a credible protest case on FLRAA from your competition?
Scott Donnelly: I don't think there would be one.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein from Bank of America.
Ron Epstein: Just a quick one. Can you help me think through this LIFO adjustment you guys are making. I mean, isn't it sort of unfair to not include inflation in your costs?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. So Ron, that's a good question. Look, just to make sure we understand the LIFO -- so actual inflation is still in the segments. That's very much a cash impact. It remains in the segment. The only thing we're taking out of the segment is this LIFO provisioning, right? So by full accounting, which -- again, I'm just a simple engineer Ron, but the LIFO provisioning phenomenon is that I've bought parts at one price. And now I have a new contract with a supplier. I have a higher price for that part. As soon as that first part shows up, the LIFO provision is basically taking the actual price I paid for those other parts and raising them up to the price of that new part. So it's an accounting provisioning process. It's not an actual cost. So when I get to where that higher dollar part gets consumed by an aircraft, that's going to be in my cost. That real inflation is in the segment. It is cash and it is in performance. It's only that provisioning of that -- the nature of this last-in, first-out accounting that is what we're pulling out of the segment.
Ron Epstein: So I guess another way to frame the question though is if we were to look at your margins pro forma back to GAAP for 2023, what would they be if you didn't do that adjustment?
Scott Donnelly: Well, you'll have that full disclosure, right? You'll see that LIFO number.
Frank Connor: You'll see the total LIFO. But, Ron, there are no one else in our space is on LIFO. So we're on LIFO. For accounting, you need to conform that between tax and accounting. So we derive a benefit from a tax standpoint in an inflationary environment by essentially accelerating those costs for book and tax purposes. But as Scott said, it's not a true economic cost. And we have basically hung up about $600 million of effectively LIFO provision on our balance sheet that was profit never realized because of this accounting that is not consistent with everyone else in the space. So as inflation has accelerated here and LIFO has become a bigger number, we felt it was important to highlight that. And certainly, from a segment performance, take it out of the segment performance because it is not a true economic cost to the business. It is essentially a function of the accounting treatment that we have, but that LIFO inflation will never turn into true economic cost in the business.
Scott Donnelly: So Ron, this has been an issue. We've always been on LIFO. Textron has always been on LIFO. So in a non-inflationary environment, it's relatively small. It's always been a bit of a drive. It's a small number. It's not been an issue. But with an inflationary environment, all of a sudden, you have these big non-economic bookings. Again, as Frank said, other companies -- everyone else in our space, does FIFO accounting instead of LIFO accounting. So we get a lot of questions from investors about what are these differences. And so, I think taking this out make sense. And look, the reality is we don't manage the business that way, right? I mean, when we sit down with the business, when we're doing our plans, we're managing, we do our operating calls that like it's not something they control, right? It's not economic. And so, that's not how we manage the businesses, right? We don't look at that. So it makes sense to also not report that in that segment since that's not how we manage these guys either. They don't control that LIFO. They do control and they do get held accountable for actual real inflation on that -- on those higher part counts, right? So that's -- we're not taking anything operational out of the segment but managing it on what they control and the real financial impact.
Ron Epstein: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr from Cowen.
Cai Von Rumohr: So as Sheila mentioned, allegedly, you guys went after AJRD. You did buy Pipistrel. You've won FLRAA. So it looks like your business is becoming more A and B. If we kind of look at valuations across the space, it looks like valuations tend to be higher for pure plays, either you're doing aerospace, you're doing air conditioning, whatever. So as you think of your business, Scott, are you thinking of any strategic initiatives? At one point, I think you considered spinning off Caltex. How are you thinking about that now?
Scott Donnelly: No, Cai, I don't think we're going to talk about portfolio shaping or changes as part of the earnings call. It's something we're always looking at. And I think we'll leave it at that.
Cai Von Rumohr: Okay. Great. And can you give us any help on the -- I don't know, but what Lockheed's -- what the case Lockheed is making as to why they're protesting because certainly, on paper, it looks like your vehicle is very substantially better than theirs.
Scott Donnelly: Look, I mean, obviously, that process is going on between the Army and Lockheed. So we probably can't comment too much. I guess I would just say that this -- as you all know, this process has been going on for a decade, right? There's been an enormous amount of work between both suppliers and the Army from design, development, test, prototype, flight. It's been an unbelievably robust process. And so, I don't -- it's hard for me to understand what flaw would have been in the process. It's kind of inconceivable to me, but we'll leave that to the Army and Lockheed. And needless to say, we think they made the right choice. I'm proud of what our team did, and we're excited to get this thing behind us and get on with the program as I'm sure the Army is.
Cai Von Rumohr: Terrific. And the last one is cash deployment. I mean, you've got good cash flow, even though down year-over-year. You've got a good balance sheet. You've basically and heavily focused on share repurchase. I mean, really a lot of leverage there. But you also bought Pipistrel. As you think about where the cash is going, maybe give us some thoughts about M&A versus share repurchase, dividends, all of that.
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I mean we always look at opportunities that are out there, Cai. And I would say relative to your earlier question, comment, yes, we would view our focus in the world to be within the A&D space in terms of most of our capital deployment. Pipistrel has turned out to be a great little business. Bought some great technology into the company and is now kind of important to us in terms of the future of sustainable flight. But if opportunities like that come along, then that's great. We've done some other smaller deals, again, in the A&D space, and we would continue to look at that. But our principal deployment of our capital has been for the last number of years in the share buyback. We've been doing kind of 5%, 6%. We did another 5%, 6% this past year, and I would expect that's probably the track we're on in 2023 as well.
Cai von Rumohr: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kristine Liwag: Scott, for the demand environment for aviation, can you give us an update in terms of the customer profile that you're seeing that are placing these aircraft orders? Are they corporate, individual fractionals? Are they -- more for growth, replacement? Or are they new buyers? Any additional context would be helpful in understanding the demand environment?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. We haven't seen much of a change. It continues to be that same mix. There's still new buyers coming into the marketplace. Fractional is certainly strong. There's a lot of buyers on the fractional side. That's a particularly attractive place for I think for new people to go. It's not easy to necessarily know how to own this asset. The fractionals provide a great option for people that want to get in. That's doing well but we still see robust whole aircraft sales. It's a mix of public companies, private companies, family held companies. It really is kind of our usual customer base, I would say. It remains also kind of the same as we've seen around jets largely being driven by the North American market, probably 70-30 to 80-20 in that range, which is normal. Turboprops are more robust internationally. Again, we see stronger activity, again, like 60% plus international versus domestic on King Air for instance. So the trend in terms of that, who is that customer is kind of our traditional buyers.
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thanks for the color. And maybe following up on the supply chain issues that you mentioned. I mean for some of these suppliers that continue to struggle for a few years now, what's the long-term solution? What can you do to mitigate their problems so you can actually deliver on the strong demand for bizjets? Are there other solutions, like you need to vertically integrate your supply chain or anything like that to alleviate some of the pressure? What other actions can you take?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, that's a good question. Look, it's a mix. I mean, in some cases, we have some smaller suppliers and technologies where they basically kind of were us and we did acquire them and integrated them as part of our business. We have a good track record of doing that in the past around some critical areas, interiors we did. That's been a home run for us. We just did a deal this past year in the actuation space. Again, a very unique aerospace technology. Most of the volume was ours. It's a critical supplier and a critical technology for us in the future. And these aren't big numbers, but it was a great acquisition. And so far, it's working out really, really well for us. It's helped to get us back on track. But there's always going to be some guys out there that are suppliers where we're a small percentage of their sales. It's very capital intensive. It's a technology that doesn't make sense for us to vertically integrate that. And so in those cases, we just keep working on those folks. I think those suppliers are all trying to get back up to speed. Obviously, it's a good business for them. I'd say we don't have suppliers that I'm aware of that are abstinent or don't want to perform. It's a matter of them getting the resources back in place and some tier suppliers getting in place and those are folks that just take a fair bit of work. But I think they will get there. Again, we've seen some of them have already recovered. But there's still a couple of problem children out there that are working on getting there.
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: I'll just stick to one here. Kind of a follow-up on the last question Kristine asked. I think from a mix perspective, while the deliveries in total are still down from 2019, I think the deliveries to NetJets are probably higher. And so as you think about delivery growth from here, do you think about the incremental growth coming more with that top customer or more kind of diversifying the mix a little bit more? And then, I'd also imagine that like the order for [200] [ph] latitudes, the NetJets has probably come into a conclusion pretty soon. And whether you think about -- how you think about expectations for the next slug of latitudes from them?
Scott Donnelly: Well, so first of all, I don't know what percent of sales back to 2019, what it was on fractional versus today. But look, I think fractional, when you think about diversification, the sale of a fractional aircraft is a more diversified sale, frankly, than a single jet. Remember that this is not a concentration of a buyer in NetJets. Remember, NetJets is out there selling that aircraft to eight or so people. So every sale that we make to NetJet is a sale from NetJet to a whole bunch of different customers. So it's quite diversified. So I don't expect NetJets or any fractional for that matter to track wildly different than the overall market demand. If the market is strong and people are wanting to fly private, you're going to see this mix of people that choose to do it through a fractional, which is actually a lot more people because, again, they're buying a fraction of an aircraft, not a whole aircraft. So when I look at our mix, I think of the mix associated with the NetJet business as being very good mix. That's a very diversified sale. It's a very diversified market. And that's kind of that's what they do every day. They're out and working and talking to lots and lots of customers in a broad range of customer base for selling that fraction of an aircraft. And obviously, as you guys know, one of the things we do now is we work very closely with NetJets and looking out roughly about a year that these things come into backlog based on how their sales team is doing out there selling these aircraft. So it's a great part of our backlog, and it's a great part of our business. It is as you guys know, it tends to be at a lower margin because it's kind of a wholesale sale, but they're the ones that are out there, spend the money on sales forces and reaching out and selling to that large customer population. So NetJets remains as through other fractionals as a really important part of the business, and it's a really, really important part of our customer base are these fractional owners. As far as the deal with NetJets, we are in constant discussions in terms of forecasting unit volumes. As you get to where you get towards the end of a particular quantity buy, obviously, we'll work with NetJets to work on what comes next. But that's kind of a business arrangement between the two of us, obviously. But the actual forecast and backlog that's reflected in our numbers is really kind of a rolling one-year process regardless of what the size of the overall arrangement is between ourselves and NetJets on latitude and longitude volumes.
Seth Seifman: Great. That's very helpful. Thanks, Scott.
Operator: And your last question today comes from the line of Doug Harned from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Doug Harned: I wanted to go back to the discussion around the size of the backlog as it clearly has grown quite a bit over the years. And when you look at backlog as it slowed sequentially in this quarter? How do you compare the -- how do you contrast the demand you're seeing for new aviation sales to basically the wait time that's there? In other words, there's a point where you just flat out are going to lose customers if they have to wait too long. So do you see a constraint on the growth from that at this point?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we really haven't seen that. I mean I think the whole industry is in a similar situation. If we were in a situation where you couldn't get an aircraft for 18 months to 2 years and somebody else had an aircraft they can get tomorrow, then yes, you could lose that customer. And I think, obviously, somebody could go buy a used aircraft or something in that nature. But I think right now, the whole industry is in this situation. And frankly, it's where this industry should be. I mean these are complicated assets. There are a lot of times, customers already have aircraft. They need to sell their used aircraft. So look, remember, this industry actually worked like this way for a very, very, very long time. The aberration has been since 2008 to the last 2 years ago where you didn't have much of a backlog in this class. Generally speaking, this industry has been a backlog business. It should be a backlog business. By the time you specify your craft and configure aircraft and customize the aircraft, this is -- really where we're sitting today is what normal should look like, not what we've seen in the past 10, 12 years.
Doug Harned: Now when you get to the situation, though, which is clearly a good situation, the solution always is to add capacity, and we've seen that happen in past cycles as well. When you look out today, what things would you want to see to make material increases in your production capacity?
Scott Donnelly: Look, I don't think it's our production capacity so much. I mean obviously, we're struggling through some of these supplier issues, and you don't hear it tactically. But remember, as we talk about the delivery times, what our team is out there selling as we look at that backlog, they're selling aircraft and serial numbers that are delivered at certain dates. So that's how you manage this backlog and then you've got to make sure that you dial in your production schedule to match what those committed delivery dates are. So if you start to see a softening in the order rate, then you're going to sell out fewer of those slots in the future and then you would adjust your production. If you all of a sudden say, hey, 2025, it looks like you could have 5 more latitudes or 10 more M2s, then you do that and you modulate your production capacity accordingly. But I think as long as you're out there looking at these sort of 12, 18-month, 2-year kind of timelines, it gives you the ability to do that. And again, how this industry has always worked.
Doug Harned: And just one last thing. When you look at the constraints coming from the supply chain, are there some specific areas right now that you would point to as most difficult?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. I mean I can tell you a couple of part numbers that are our biggest challenges. We're not going to do that. I'm not going to throw particular suppliers under the bus. But yes, there's a couple of particular products, a couple of particular technologies from a couple of particular suppliers that are our biggest constraint. I mean there's always a bunch of little stuff going on, but for sure. If you get a couple of these guys back in line, that would be very helpful. And again, that doesn't mean we turn that into, all of a sudden, delivering a lot more aircraft because, again, we've committed dates to our customers. It's a lot more for us right now about getting rid of all the inefficiencies in our production runs where we're having to build aircraft and swap parts around and do things out of sequence. It's very, very harmful running a good, smooth production operation when you've got to go chase all the stuff around.
Doug Harned: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10 A.M. Eastern Time today through January 25, 2024. You may access the AT&T Executive Replay System at any time by dialing 1-866-207-1041 and entering the access code 4482216. International participants dial 402-970-0847. Those numbers once again are 1-866-207-1041 or 402-970-0847 with the access code 4482216. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Q3 2022 Textron Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Eric Salander. Please go ahead sir.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Brad, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings, and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO, and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Revenues in the quarter were $3.1 billion, up $88 million from last year's third quarter. Segment profit in the quarter was $299 million, up $20 million from the third quarter of 2021. Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $1.06 per share, compared to $0.85 per share on an adjusted basis in last year's third quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions totaled $292 million in the quarter, up $21 million from the third quarter of 2021. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric. And good morning, everyone. Overall, we had a solid quarter across our manufacturing businesses with higher net operating profit, cash generation as compared to last year's third quarter despite ongoing supply chain labor challenges. Aviation generated segment profit margins of 11.9% up from 8.3% in the third quarter 2021 on slightly lower revenues reflecting a favorable revenue mix with higher aftermarket volume and strong pricing net of inflation. We continue to see solid demand across our jet and turboprops products resulting in backlog growth of $524 million in the quarter. We delivered strong performance even as we continue to experience supply chain disruptions throughout the year that have impacted production schedules. In the quarter we delivered 39 jets down from 49 last year and 33 commercial turboprops down from 35 in the last year's third quarter. Last week at NBAA, we also announced two large fleet orders that included an agreement with flyExclusive for eight XLS Gen2 aircraft, we expected deliveries in 2024 and up to six Longitude aircraft with deliveries expected to begin in 2025. FlyExclusive also exercised its option to purchase an additional five CJ3+ aircrafts from its order earlier in the year with deliveries expected to occur in 2024. We also had an agreement with Fly Alliance for four XLS Gen2 aircraft and options for an additional 16 aircraft with deliveries expected to begin in 2023. At Bell, revenues were down in the quarter on lower military revenues partially offset by higher commercial revenue. On the commercial side of Bell, we delivered 49 helicopters up from 33 in last year's third quarter, including the 400 Bell 505 aircraft. During the quarter, we continue to see solid commercial demand across all our models. Moving to Future Vertical Lift, we continue to await a Florida contract award announcement in the U.S. Army. Textron systems revenues were slightly lower in the quarter. During the quarter, ATAC announced a five-year IDIQ contract with the U.S. Navy to provide Chase Flight Services for the F-35 program. Systems was also recently awarded a contract to provide Aerosonde operational support on its fourth maritime site services that are expected to begin in 2023. Moving to industrial, we saw higher revenues in the quarter driven by higher volume at both Kautex and Specialized Vehicles and favorable pricing principally in Specialized Vehicles. Kautex, while revenues were higher in the quarter as compared to the prior year, we continue experience order disruptions related to the global auto OEM supply chain shortages. Moving to Aviation, we're seeing increased order activity for our training aircraft like the Alpha Trainer which is a low cost pilot development platform. In the future, we will look to expand this training option to include the [indiscernible] as we work to achieve NFA research. Also last week at NBAA, we unveiled our new Nexus eVTOL model aircraft. Our updated design reflects our ongoing investment in the underlying research and development supporting Textron's long-term strategy to offer family with sustainable aircraft for urban air mobility, general aviation, cargo with special mission roles. To wrap up, we continue to see strong demand in our end-markets and our teams are executing well in a challenging environment. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thanks, Scott and good morning, everyone. Let's review how each of the segments contributed starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues of Textron Aviation of $1.2 billion were down $14 million from the third quarter of 2021 largely due to lower Citation jet and pre-owned volume partially offset by favorable pricing and higher aftermarket volume. Segment profit was $139 million in the third quarter, up $41 million from a year-ago, largely due to favorable pricing, net of inflation of $31 million. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $6.4 billion. Moving to Bell, revenues were $754 million down $15 million from last year due to lower military revenues of $112 million, primarily in the H1 program due to lower aircraft and spares volume offset by higher commercial revenues of $97 million. Segment profit of $85 million was down $20 million from last year's third quarter, primarily reflecting lower volume and mix partially offset by favorable pricing net of inflation. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $4.9 billion. At Textron Systems, revenues were $292 million, down $7 million from last year's third quarter. Segment profit of $37 million was down $8 million from a year-ago primarily due to lower volume and mix. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $2 billion. Industrial revenues were $849 million up $119 million from last year's third quarter, primarily due to higher volume and mix of $95 million and a $58 million favorable impact from pricing principally in specialized vehicles partially offset by an unfavorable impact of $34 million from foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Segment profit of $39 million was up $16 million from the third quarter of 2021 primarily due to higher volume and mix. Textron eAviation segment revenues were $5 million and segment loss was $8 million in the quarter, which reflected the operating results of Pipistrel and costs for initiatives related to the development of sustainable aviation solutions. Finance segment revenues were $11 million and profit was $7 million. Moving below segment profit corporate expenses were $14 million and net interest expense was $21 million. Our manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $292 million in the quarter, up $21 million from last year's third quarter. Year-to-date manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions totaled $810 million. In the quarter we repurchased approximately 3.1 million shares returning $200 million in cash to shareholders. Year-to-date share repurchases totaled 639 million. To wrap up, we now expect our full-year capital expenditures will be about $375 million, and the full-year tax rate to be about 16%. For the full-year, we are narrowing our earnings per share guidance to a range of $3.90 to $4 per share. Also, we are increasing our full-year manufacturing cash flow before pension contribution guidance to be at a range of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion, up $300 million from our prior outlook. That concludes our prepared remarks. So Brad, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Of course. And our first question today comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: Couple of questions from me. May be my numbers were wrong, but it looks like revenues in Aviation and Systems were a bit lower than what we'd anticipated in the third quarter, I was wondering if you could perhaps go into a bit more detail with what you experienced in the quarter if it was supply chain issues and whether this has pushed some deliveries to the right?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, Robert, I think that's safe to say, you know we've been ramping up our production volumes through the course of the year, we continue to do that. But we have been hit by a number of supply chain challenges that have resulted in aircraft pushing out to the right, our guys are managing through that. And we'll continue to work hard to make deliveries and we'll continue to work on that ramp as we go into 2023 as well. So, in general case seeing some very strong demand environment. Aftermarket has also been very strong driven by high utilization but for sure we're continuing to see some difficulties around getting parts, labor ramp is, I'd say picking up and doing reasonably well. But we've had some critical part impacts.
Robert Stallard: So Scott, does this impact your division by division guidance expectations for the year?
Scott Donnelly: Well, as we've said before, on the last call, Robert, I think we expect Aviation probably is going to come in about $300 million below what we originally guided, I think we're still on track to do that. I think we'll still make strong margin performance as the team has executed well. As I said, it's a tough market, but we're to our tough situation, but they're executing very well. So I think we'll be solid on the margin side, but a little bit late on the top line. I think at Systems, you also mentioned, well Systems was pretty close. I mean, they're flattish. We still had a little bit of impact on that year-over-year from Afghanistan. But I think as we get into the fourth quarter here, you'll start to see some slight growth in that business and obviously we expect that to continues into 2023.
Robert Stallard: Okay, then just a technical one, Frank. On the corporate and other big decline year-on-year, what sort of run rate should we expect on that line going forward?
Frank Connor: Yes, I think we should probably think about $110 million or so for the year. So a higher level in the fourth quarter that we've been running at a lot of -- some of that depends obviously on share price, but in that zone.
Robert Stallard: Okay, that's great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please go ahead.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, David.
David Strauss: Scott, can you maybe touch on your manufacturing footprint in Europe, how you feel about things there from kind of an energy perspective? And also how we should think about obviously, in the quarter you had a pretty big FX impact there? How we should think about the FX impact, given the euro, dollar parity at the moment?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, the FX has been obviously quite a dry primarily in our Kautex business. And, I mean, obviously, we expect that to continue, but we'll manage our way through that. I think on the factory front, most of the impacts we've seen in that footprint in Europe had been driven really just by auto OEM issues around hitting their volumes, it hasn't been energy related at this point. Most of what I'm reading here lately is actually the energy situation seems to be a bit better than they expected heading into the winter. So we haven't had any indications yet that anyone's going to back off on their auto manufacturing based on that energy. It's really more of these other supply chain issues that they're continuing to just impacted. And look, David, we go kind of by IHS data, in terms of how we think about and forecasting volumes going forward. So clearly, the year has been disappointing in terms of what was originally thought the volume we achieve. But right now, it's looking like IHS is probably forecasting sort of a mid to high single-digit growth next year on top of some growth we saw this year. So that's kind of how we think about the volumes and the business including the European footprint.
David Strauss: Got it. Thanks. And Scott, I guess your latest update on Florida and the timing, you're expecting now for a decision? And what kind of incremental spending are you looking at for the rest of year to kind of continue to carry on your effort? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. So like the latest we're hearing is it's probably a November timeframe. Obviously, we continue to work with the customer. And we got to make sure we've been worked on this, as you guys know for a very long time, we're not going to do anything that's other than supportive and doing the right thing for the program, making sure we keep the team together and keep making forward progress. Obviously, we still feel good about the program. And I think that there's obviously still some uncertainty around this. I mean, we don't know an exact date, but we're doing the right thing by the programs were through by the people. And while there is some uncertainty I would say that we're pretty comfortable that, we incorporated any impacts over the total year from where we were on our plan in our guidance. So I think that we're comfortable that we'll land inside that guidance, despite the impacts we've seen on the FLRAA delay.
David Strauss: Thanks very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hi, good morning guys, and thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Just a follow-up on the last point, Scott. How do you think about Bell without a FLRAA win. What would sort of the scenarios look like their Bell without FLRAA or potentially FLRAA? And maybe can you remind us of the R&D investment impact for FLRAA associated with 2022?
Scott Donnelly: So I don't think about Bell without FLRAA. Because I think we're in a good place, we will let the performance of our product stand and just kind of work through the process, obviously, the Army is going through a very, very rigorous process here. So we'll bear with them and let this thing play out. But we're pretty bullish on that program. And we'll leave it at that, I suppose. On 2022, the R&D has actually been down a little bit, because we've had more of the crusher activity both on the FLRAA program and the FARA program. So even with some of the impacts that we've seen on some of the delays, I think we'll be fine there. We're working our way through it, and clearly the FARA program is going to continue to extend and like say hopefully here, compared to all the years we've been working on this thing FARA delays a relatively short period of time so.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. That's helpful. And then glad you don't think about Bell without FLRAA. But switching gears to aviation, when we look at year-to-date deliveries, they're like, you mentioned supply chain. How long does that linger and how do we think about jet deliveries for '22 in total? And does it linger into '23?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Look it's a good question. And I think the way we're starting to lay out the years that we've been planning on ramping production all through the year, we've been achieving that. I mean, we have been increasing the number of hours and labor and activity in the factory. We're clearly not going to get to the number, just that we were originally hoping to be based on some of these delays. But we're going to keep that ramping activity going through 2023. So when you look at the incremental volumes that we had in 2022, we're not ready to guide '23 yet, but it's not on reasonable expected. We'll see a similar increase in volumes in 2023 from what we saw from the '21 to '22 timeframe.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman was JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning Seth.
Seth Seifman: I guess just to follow-up on that question, Scott, when you think about the strong backlog that you've been able to build here, and you think about where deliveries might ultimately go. I mean, I assume the aim would be to be back to kind of the 200 plus level, maybe in 2023. Kind of the level that that had been anticipated for 2022 before the supply chain issues. And then when you think about moving higher from there. Would it make more sense to kind of focus on keeping that backlog, maybe expanding margins even a little further from this low double-digit range. And having a more steady delivery pace, as we head toward mid decade.
Scott Donnelly: First of all, Seth, I think there -- your thoughts on volume here in the near-term are correct. We obviously would like to have had more than in '22, but it's probably reasonable to think that what we hope to get in '22 will be there by the end of '23. So we should back to that kind of 200ish number in the '23 timeframe. Beyond that, we'll continue to watch demand in the marketplace continues to be strong as long as we see that kind of growing backlog in a strong environment, then we'll continue that ramp, but it's going to be a slow steady ramp, right. I mean, we've certainly like and we think it's better for -- yes I think we've talked about, it's better for our company, it's better for our customers, it's better for the whole market to be operating with better visibility here around the backlog that's out there in that 18 months kind of timeframe. So right now, the demand continues to be very robust. We're seeing a lot of order activity that's out in that 18 plus sort of timeline. And so we'll match production as we can to meet that just for the market starts to ease back or slow down. And obviously, we can taper off on the ramp, but I certainly don't see that being the case going through 2023 considering where the backlog is and where the demand environment is so.
Seth Seifman: Okay, great. And just to follow-up very strong cash this year. And when you think about next year, other than what we might assume on the P&L. Are there any things you'd note about cash flow, either headwinds or tailwinds heading into '23?
Scott Donnelly: I think, now and not really we've -- obviously we've had good working capital management again this year, just like last year. We certainly benefited again from strong customer activity and deposits and so. But there's nothing from a kind of working capital or other cash impacts that are kind of out of line with where we've been.
Seth Seifman: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global. Please go ahead.
Peter Skibitski: Hey, good morning, guys.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Peter Skibitski: Hey Scott. I just wanted to beat a dead horse a little bit on the aviation. Just because even at a little bit of a lower guidance number there is still applies a pretty good hockey stick in the fourth quarter. So I'm just wondering kind of on the risk assessment fraud. Do you have the engines in house already that you need and the parts and the labor trained up? Or is there still some risk to that number do you think given the ramp?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, Peter, I'd say there's always some risk to the number, right. But I think we're -- obviously our guys are working heck out of this every day. They're tracking all the critical components. So I think, kind of that number I gave you guys were probably a few $100 million under our original guide is still holding, is there some risk to it? Yes, I mean, one of the challenges is that we, you get supplier issues that pop up every day, I think we're in good shape in terms of labor, and the things we can control still pops up, we get all over it, but I think we've got a pretty good shot of getting to the number that we told you. And if we missed something, it'd be a few aircraft around a particular part that pops up between here and there. So you guys are working every day. I think it's a good guide. And could there be some risk in any environment we live in. Sure. But I think we're, our folks are all over it.
Peter Skibitski: Okay, now, I appreciate. Just one follow-up on the same segment, kind of post NBAA, how are you guys feeling about, kind of the health of your customer base, the aviation, how the conversations go. And obviously, I'm sure the macro backdrop was part of the conversations down there. I'm just wondering kind of what your net assessment is?
Scott Donnelly: I'd say very positive. I think that, we're continuing to see some new people coming into the market, we're seeing some of our historical corporate customers that are doing fleet refreshes, they're putting aircraft orders in which obviously, deliveries are ways out, but they're refreshing their fleets, obviously, the level of flight activity in the industry continues to have kind of charter and fractional customers, very motivated to bring additional assets online. So I'd say all in all, it's really strong and again I also put against the backdrop of hardly a bubble, right, I mean, we're talking about, jet delivery volumes that are kind of back even still maybe below historical norms. So, I don't think there's this euphoric, bubble bursts, but people are refreshing fleets and investing in our aircraft. We don't see this big pull-in, right, it's just the market is strong, and volume is strong, which is critical.
Peter Skibitski: I was going to say, your exposure to Europe is still fairly limited, like it used to be I think it was only, I don't know 20% to 25% of your citation volume, is that still the case?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, it is. I mean look, we're seeing kind of relatively normal from what we've seen historically, jets are probably 80%, roughly U.S., 20% International, the [indiscernible] lines are typically the other way around. And that's what we're seeing. We're seeing maybe like 40% U.S., 60% International. So in terms of the good news here is that the demand across pretty much all the models is strong. And we're seeing mix in terms of international versus domestic fleet operations that are kind of what we've normally seen historically.
Peter Skibitski: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs, please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Scott, what are you now planning for 2022 Cessna jet units?
Scott Donnelly: No, we never give a specific number. I think from the top line, you're looking at probably about 300 million off of our original guide. And virtually all of that is jet deliveries really so.
Noah Poponak: Okay, okay. So we can back into that. And then you're saying, if I heard it correctly, you're saying, think about that growth rate in units, does that implies for '22 repeating in '23 approximately?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, that's good.
Noah Poponak: Okay, and then how much visibility do you have beyond '23?
Scott Donnelly: Well, pretty good visibility. I mean, it's most of the aircraft, I mean, we have larger aircraft, frankly we're out in 2025 right now and the mix of lighter and midsize are certainly through '23, well into '24, towards the end of '24. So again this backlog is obviously very helpful to us in terms of having the kind of visibility we need to run the operations. And obviously, we'd like to do a little more efficiently without some of the supply chain challenges, but I think we're in a pretty good place, as we've had in a very long time, obviously, in terms of the visibility of the business.
Noah Poponak: Okay. So I guess, that's all positive and really kind of major structural change in the business. But where the bookings are running, if they hang around in the zone that they're in now, you'd continue to run the bookings pretty far in excess of the revenue and which would build the backlog even further. So, when do you get to the point where that's going too far and customers are going elsewhere have to wait too long? Or is it just with the macro level of supply chain bottlenecks, everybody's in the same boat. And every OEM kind of has to do the same thing and is there any?
Scott Donnelly: No, I think -- I think you just said it. Everybody's in the same boat, right? I mean, so, I don't know where that equilibrium point is, right when it gets out too far. But this is not a -- this is not like, some other supplier OEM that says, hey, I've got aircraft sitting around. So I think this is an industry dynamic, as opposed to just being you need to watch. I mean obviously, I feel great about how guys perform from a profitability standpoint. I mean look this businesses is in fabulous condition, right? It's a great backlog, good visibility, it's generating very strong margins, it's generating very strong cash flow. I don't think there's a lot, I look it's every day is hard with these supply chain issues and stuff like that. But our guys are fighting through it every day. I'm not sure we'll be apologetic for these kind of margins, and this kind of cash and strong backlog. And guys, I'm not sure what else I would ask them to do. They're driving hard every day and performing really, really well.
Noah Poponak: Great, just lastly on price in the business. Are you actually now increasing price more, in terms of a year-over-year rate of change than you were 12, 18 months ago, when the market first strengthened, I get the sense that the price increases early in this strong demand environment weren't that big, because you wanted to build the backlog? And now that you've done so you can actually accelerate the pricing? Is that a fair assessment?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I guess, yes, I am not sure I would do. I don't do the first derivative on the pricing every day. But look I think for sure this market has changed over the last 18 months or so as it's gotten stronger and competitive market, obviously. So pricing and what competition is doing matters. But I think everybody I mean the whole industry has seen stronger pricing. So, again we've looked at this kind of on a model by model basis, and what's going on with the competitive environment and it's not as I'm not sure, I can give a simple answer on the slope of the curve, but it's strong. And I would say, we continue to obviously very much focus on making sure we're getting price in advance of inflation, we think about this a lot when you start thinking about, obviously we're taking contracts on aircraft that are in '23, and '24, and '25. And so you've got to make appropriate assumptions in terms of inflation between here and there and make sure price accordingly, I think that we are.
Noah Poponak: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter Arment: Yes, thanks. Good morning, Scott, Frank.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Arment: Hey, Scott. You've been talking about supply chain disruptions, obviously, all year. You've got a lot of -- you had a ton of experience in engines. Is engines for you still in aviation, the biggest shortage or are there other components like chips or other things that you would call out, and just maybe any color, you could provide on the engine shortfalls?
Scott Donnelly: Peter it is, I mean engines are strained. And as everybody knows, one particular model that's important to us that had an issue that kind of stems back to this Russian Ukrainian sanctions, but I think that's in recovery mode. So we feel good about that bouncing back. But there's, I think the frustrating part for our folks, Peter is, it's just sort of everywhere, right stuff happens. It's I say that, overall our avionics suppliers have done a really nice job. Garmin is critical to us, they've been able to meet deliveries. So they're managing the way, that that'd be there probably most highly concentrated in terms of semiconductor risks. So I think they've done a nice job. But it's -- this is the problem in this business, right? Every part is important. So it's, there's certainly some things like the engine was an issue, I think that will resolve itself here in the next six, nine months or so. But these things pop up every week or it's just the world we live in. And our guys are kind of used to it. They just keep working and they go manage each thing that pops up.
Peter Arment: It's helpful color and just Frank just quickly, could you tell us what the aftermarket was up in the quarter and any comments on pricing? Thanks.
Frank Connor: Yes, aftermarket remains strong. It was up 18% year-over-year, 37% of total volume for the quarter. So really, kind of continued as Scott said, we see strong buying activity and therefore strong volumes in the business.
Peter Arment: Terrific. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes, thanks so much. So how much of the goodness in cashflow that 300 million came from deposits on aircraft and thinking about next year, you've had such a big gusher from that source this year? How should we think about cash flow, if book-to-bill goes back to about 1.0?
Frank Connor: We're not going to kind of break out separately that the cash items, I mean, offsetting the deposit activities, we have seen a little bit of inventory growth as we've had these supply chain issues, and we've seen some kind of slowdown in our ability to deliver. So there has been some offset. But kind of with a book-to-bill above one and strong commercial at aviation strong commercial demand at Bell, we've benefited from that. Frankly, we benefited also from strong cash performance on the military programs as Bell. So it hasn't been all that. We've talked in the past about kind of, generally, the business over time wants to be around one-to-one cash flow to profitability, right. So we certainly have benefited kind of this year and last year from strong cash performance relative to that. And it'll depend on lots of factors, kind of when we get to a slower kind of booking rate, but it will migrate back towards that one-to-one, as we do at.
Scott Donnelly: Look, I guess, I would emphasize that we're conscious of this, right? I mean, I think that you've -- you enjoy a benefit here with strong commercial deposits in aviation. And some of you also in the Bells commercial business, which has had also seen very strong demand here. But you don't change anything else to do in terms of managing the business and making sure that you're fundamentally managing working capital and CapEx and all those things. So I don't for sure you're getting a benefit of this, but I think we're delivering well over one-to-one. And that's because the businesses are doing a good job of managing their cash, and then enjoying the benefits of customer positive activity on top of that. So that's the nature of where we are right now.
Cai von Rumohr: Terrific. And given this extra cash, goodness, how are you thinking about deploying the cash?
Frank Connor: Well, same as we talked about. As we said, we've been an active repurchase of stock. We bought about $640 million year-to-date, that that's up from last year's year-to-date number. Last year, we ended up kind of low 900 million of share repurchase. And so we would expect similar types of rates kind of -- for the year and on at least as we sit here today on a go forward basis, we've been buying back about 5% of our stock on an annual basis. And so kind of that type of rate is a good rate to be thinking about.
Cai von Rumohr: Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Rob Spingarn with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Spingarn: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to turn to a couple of the other segments for a moment. But in the past, you've talked about systems being a low double-digit margin business, but it's been outperforming that last year and this year. So can we talk a little bit about the trend there? Is it going to stay more in the mid-teens?
Scott Donnelly: Look, it's a good question, and yet we're not quite ready to guide for next year. But I think that the -- that business performs really well. I mean, it's always has some components of it. For instance, I think and you'll still see this everywhere, right? Where there's a fixed price government contracts, I guess you can't reprice those, so there'll be some pressure on inflation on that front. But there's like also a constant flow of new programs and I think overall strong execution, which has helped us deliver strong double-digit margins that I would expect that to continue.
Robert Spingarn: Okay, and Scott, sticking with these other businesses, industrial was clearly strong. And I think you call that specialty vehicles. Can we talk about the forward trends there?
Scott Donnelly: Sure.. I think that the specialized vehicle businesses is doing well. There's -- they -- obviously there were some segments of that business that real hits through the COVID periods around support equipment and things like that that are seeing robust or directivity come back into those markets as well. Also achieving strong pricing our golf in specialized PTVs and whatnot is very strong. I think we have a great product lineup, and that team has done a nice job that. Obviously, in that business, we also see supply chain challenges all the time, but the team's work through it. And I think we'll continue to see that on a steady improvement.
Robert Spingarn: And you haven't really seen any evidence of this recession. How do you feel hitting that that business? I would imagine that business is somewhat sensitive.
Scott Donnelly: Some are more sensitive than others. So but absolutely, I think particularly when you look at the powersports world, we keep a very close eye on that. Inventory levels are still very much lower than they typically are in those channels because of supply chain challenges. So I think you need to get those to a healthy level, but absolutely we watch very, very carefully, because I think that that particular piece, which is a relatively small piece for us. Obviously, is -- it is very recession sensitive. But I think when you look at a lot of the municipal stuff, and ground support equipment, golf, these things have historically been pretty resilient in terms of how they perform even in a recessionary period. And I think we're well positioned in those markets, which are much larger pieces of the business for us.
Robert Spingarn: Of course. Thank you very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Yes. Good morning. Scott, on a supply chain issues, it seems like it's affecting your business more than say like, Gulfstream at the high end. Is there any differentiation you can say as to why?
Scott Donnelly: I haven't George. I have a list of all of the parts we're missing right now. I could call Mark, I guess and see if he has some extra ones. But the -- no, I don't I mean, again, you guys look, I think this is a world we live in, right? We have the challenges. I think our guys have done a nice job through this. I think we'll be -- we'll have a strong fourth quarter. It's not without, some risk on a part popping up here and there. But it's -- I don't know how to explain the difference between the commentary with the -- with some of the high end stuff versus where we are. But it's some where you going to manage our way through, it'll be fine.
George Shapiro: Okay. And Frank, can you provide some comments on what you see for pension next year, given the big changes we're seeing in DR and asset returns?
Frank Connor: Yes, we don't expect it to be a headwind. We're obviously, we've got a lot of work to do in fourth quarter and calculating the numbers and everything, but it should not be a headwind for us.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then one last one. Is Scott, you've been saying that the delay in FLRAA has been a cost to you in terms of carrying all the people. Can you quantify it all? How much of a cost it was to Bell in the quarter, because the margin at Bell still look pretty good this quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, well Bell had a very strong quarter on the commercial side. And I think we'll continue to see strong commercial business. And we talk a lot about aviation, obviously, you guys asked. But the commercial helicopter business is also seeing very robust demand. And those guys are performing well. And it's obviously offsetting the historical military programs, which continue to ramp down a little bit. But like, I think on the FLRAA Georgia, it's obviously, it was our original guide. That's why we're certainly seeing lower absorption. And we expected to be kind of under contract at the stage of the game, but it's something we're managing our way through. And like I said, I think we can't quantify or wouldn't quantify exactly the number, but suffice to say that we can live within our guidance based on I think, where we are and our expectations for the -- for announcement toward the latter part of this year.
George Shapiro: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kristine Liwag: Hey, good morning. Scott, I mean you mentioned pretty strong session, that pretty strong orders and incremental interest you're seeing from corporate buyers. And book-to-bill is pretty solid at 1.5x. So from your conversations with your customers and potential customers. What's the key impetus for the incremental order? Is it replacement capacity increase, or new customers to biz jet? And how sensitive are they from the financing environment?
Scott Donnelly: Well, it's a bit of all we've bought, Kristine. I mean, so -- I mean, obviously, we have some corporate customers out there that in the quarter placed orders, because they're going to replenish turnover to their fleets of aircraft. As you know, the corporates, they -- they're used to sort of looking out on that 18 month two-year or so timeframe. As they plan their fleet refreshes. So the lead times that are there right now aren't something that they're not accustomed to, and that kind of fits in their plan. So we are seeing that activity, we are still seeing some new activity. And yes, we continue to see a lot of -- there are certainly new people that were coming in more than normal that are buying a whole aircraft. But we also see just the demand of new people coming into the market that are using either fractional or charter operations. And so we continue to see strong demand from those customers as well. So it really is across the board, which is I think again very healthy for the industry.
Kristine Liwag: Thank you for the color, and maybe switching gears, Scott in the past, your Sensor Fused Weapon exposure, albeit only support on the past few years, and no longer production, it had limited your -- the European owner of your SOC, now that you're completely out of the Sensor Fused Weapon business, and it looks like you're completely out of support to, and you have the only electric aircraft certified for passenger use, it seems to me like your portfolio is more attractive on an ESG basis. So are you seeing any recognition of the portfolio shift? And are you seeing incremental interest from European asset managers and ESG investors? And how do you think of that evolution?
Scott Donnelly: Well, it's a good question, Kristine. And I don't know specifically, those funds that have historically not wanted to invest in the company, in large part because of the SFW exposure. And as you know, that doesn't exist anymore. So I think that's not an issue on the overall ESG front, without a doubt, there you're going to see certain funds out there that are going to be more oriented towards companies they think are investing in that future in terms of particularly electric transportation. And I think we have a very good story. I mean, obviously, aviation is an area we're investing and frankly, particularly as a result of that Pipistrel deal are a leader in that field. And we're also very strong in electric side in terms of our vehicle businesses, right. I mean, we've pioneered over the years, a lot of that electrification, and frankly, that's spreading out across that business in a big way, including ground support equipment and turf care equipment, it's, that trend is going to continue to happen. So I can't speak specifically to the European funds. But I absolutely and consciously, obviously, on our part, we think we're engaging in strategies that will help make us more attractive to funds that have ESG criteria.
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thank you, Scott.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America, please go ahead.
RonaldEpstein: Hey, good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Ron.
RonaldEpstein: There's been a ton of focus on Florida for obvious reasons. But could you walk through some of the opportunities beyond Florida, then the Navy is looking for some helicopters down the road as the Air Force and you guys talked about a bit of AUSA but not everybody was there. So I was wondering if you could kind of walk through some of those other opportunities that are beyond Florida?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, absolutely, Ron. Look I mean, you're right. We everybody asked a lot about Florida, we're obviously very, very interested in the outcome of Florida. But that was hardly a one trick pony, right. I mean, there's a lot of other stuff going on. I think when you think about the maritime strike, and or like there's active AOA activity going on right now in the Department of Navy thinking about what they do with their future of aircraft replacement programs. Obviously, we think that our offering, which is in that tiltrotor space is very attractive to them, I mean these are services that obviously today operate V-22s and they need aircraft and assets that can keep up with V-22s. So it's I think we feel like the tiltrotor solution is a good answer in that space. These programs are relatively early on, I say they're doing their analysis alternatives, and that'll lead to more acquisition activity here in the next couple two, three years. So we're very close to those programs obviously. Air Force, as has been fairly public is, talking about what they want to do for, frankly, higher speed vehicle, right? So even beyond the kinds of speeds we see today, it'd be in 22 or in be 280 class of aircraft we're highly engaged with the Air Force on those sorts of programs. So I think there's no doubt that what we're seeing with the Army. And obviously that's a huge opportunity to replace that for the Black Hawk class of aircraft, that you will see similar programs in the Navy, Marine Corps and in the Air Force in one form of fashion and our guys are highly engaged in those program opportunities.
RonaldEpstein: Got it. And then maybe shifting gears back to Cessna. Bigger picture question. When you look at the portfolio of Cessna airplanes, is there any place that you think you need to do a refresh or not? And how are you thinking about new product development, given that the businesses in a healthier place than it was just a couple of years ago?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, look, I think we have a very robust set of refresh programs. We've launched a couple of these Gen2, Gen1 mod programs. We have more of that in the works. We think it's really, really critical to be rolling those out on a fairly regular frequency. So we have a couple that are in the works right now that we haven't yet announced. But obviously, the work is going on the clean sheet front within Denali program, which is still under development. So I think if you look at both jet and turboprop, there's a robust level of activity. I mean, I love our product lineup right now. I think the longitude, latitude obviously have been homeruns in the market, the sky career is just getting in, kind of getting to raised in production with great demand. I think that's going to be a homerun product. Denali will similarly and I think the -- a great product for us. And the line is, be sprinkled with a couple of these refresh programs here in the coming years.
RonaldEpstein: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please go ahead.
David Strauss: Thanks for taking the follow-up. Sure I just wanted to ask about the H-1 and how that kind of rolls off from here and what sort of headwind we should be thinking about to Bell as that program runs awesome? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. H-1 is about to wrap up. It's program a record in terms of the U.S. sales. We have some FMS programs that are still under production, but those clearly won't be ramping down here over the next couple of years. Service programs continue to run. But no question, David, that program will continue to ramp down here in the next couple of years.
David Strauss: And Scott, could you quantify how much in revenue each one currently accounts for?
Scott Donnelly: No, we don't break out the individual programs, David. But look, obviously, our plan is largely based on the fact that you'll see a ramp up in FLRAA program activities that will largely replace overseeing in the ramp down on H-1 program.
David Strauss: Got it. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Eric Salander: Okay, Brad, that completes the call.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay. After today at 11:00 a.m. Eastern through January 24, 2023. You may access the AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1-866-207-1041 entering the access code 265-9646. International parties may dial 402-970-0847 and those numbers again are 1-866-207-1041 and 402-970-0847. Again, entering the access code 265-9646. That does conclude the conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T conferencing service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Q2 2022 Textron Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Eric Salander, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Brett and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Revenues in the quarter were $3.2 billion essentially flat with last year's second quarter. Segment profit in the quarter was $303 million up $14 million from the second quarter of 2021. During this year's second quarter, we reported net income of $1 per share compared to $0.81 per share in last year's second quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions totalled $309 million in the quarter down $200 million from the second quarter of 2021. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric and good morning, everyone. Aviation had another solid quarter with higher revenues and strong execution, resulting in a 12.1% segment profit margin. We continue to see strong demand, solid pricing and increased deliveries for our citation jets, commercial turboprops and higher aftermarket volume from increased aircraft utilization. We delivered 48 jets up from 44 last year and 35 commercial turboprops up from 33 in last year's second quarter. Order activity was strong in the quarter, reflecting continued order momentum that generated $700 million of backlog growth resulting in $5.8 billion of backlog at aviation at the end of the second quarter. During the quarter, aviation's defense business was awarded a $91 million contract for 86 aircraft, spares and related support services to Tunisia. Also a tax aviation defense earlier this week, the AT-6 Wolverine received military type certification from the US air force paving the way for continued global sales of the light attack aircraft. On the new product front, we delivered the first [indiscernible] our launch customer FedEx and also delivered the first XLS Gen2 aircraft. At Bell, revenues and segment profit were down in the quarter, primarily reflecting lower H1 program volume. On the commercial side of Bell, we delivered 34 helicopters down from 47 in last year's second quarter. While commercial order activity was strong across all models, supply chain headwinds impacted Q2 results as several commercial helicopter deliveries slipped out of the quarter. Overall, the strength in commercial demand, which included South Korea, selecting the Bell 505 aircraft for use as its next military trainer, contributes to an increase in Bell backlog of $500 million in the second quarter. During the quarter, Bell announced the contract award of $518 million to upgrade Canada's fleet of CH-146 Griffon aircraft. This upgrade program is expected to be completed by 2028. Moving to Future Vertical Lift, we now expect the FLRAA contract announcement sometime in October, following the AUSA conference. As a result, we anticipate continuing our investment on this program, which will be incremental to our original segment guidance. Moving to Textron systems, revenues were down in the quarter on lower volume, primarily reflecting the impact of last year's withdrawal of US army from Afghanistan on our fee for service and aircraft support contracts. At ATAC, we continue to see increased flight activity on our U.S. Navy and Air Force adversary air contracts. During the quarter, we delivered LCAC 104 to the US Navy and continue to progress through the build process of the remaining EMD craft on the ship to shore connection program. Last week, the US army announced that systems was awarded a $354 million firm fixed price contract for the production and delivery of XM 204 Tupolev ammunition in anti-vehicle system. This is an IDIQ contract with an estimated completion date of 2027. Moving to industrial, we saw higher revenues in the quarter driven by higher pricing volume in specialized vehicles, mainly in our personal transportation and golf product lines. At CalTex, the auto market remains challenging as we again experienced order disruptions related to the global auto OEM supply chain shortages and COVID mandated factory shutdowns in China that continue to directly impact our production schedules. In April, we closed the acquisition of PIPISTREL, pioneer and global leader in electrically powered aircraft. Beginning in the second quarter of 2022, PIPISTREL became part of Textron eAviation, a new reporting segment that includes PIPISTREL's operating results and R&D expenses related to the development of sustainable aviation solutions. In the quarter, we announced that PIPISTREL Velis Electro received the UK Civil Aviation Authority Certification. The Velis Electro remains the only type of certified electric aircraft in the world. Overall, it was a solid quarter with strong cash generation and growth and earnings. Our teams executed well in a difficult environment where we continue to experience supply chain disruptions, labor supply shortages, and COVID related impacts across our businesses. While these challenges drove manufacturing inefficiencies and delayed product deliveries at many of our businesses, our financial performance demonstrates the resiliency of our operations. Looking forward, we anticipate these headwinds to continue through the remainder of the year. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott. Good morning, everyone. Let's review how each of the segments contributed starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues at Textron Aviation of $1.3 billion were up $123 million from the second quarter of 2021, largely due to higher aircraft and aftermarket volume. Segment profit was $155 million in the second quarter, up $59 million from a year ago to the impact from higher volume and mix of $25 million, a favorable impact from performance of $19 million and favorable pricing net of inflation of $15 million. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $5.8 billion. Moving to Bell, revenues were $687 million down $204 million from last year due to lower military revenues of $170 million primarily related to the H1 program and lower commercial revenues of $34 million. Segment profit of $63 million was down $47 million from last year's second quarter, reflecting lower volume and mix, partially offset by a favorable impact from performance, which included lower operating expenses, partially offset by an unfavorable change in net program adjustments. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $5.3 billion. At Textron Systems, revenues were $293 million down $40 million from last year's second quarter due to lower volume of $44 million, primarily reflecting the impact of the US Army's withdrawal from Afghanistan on our fee for service and aircraft support contracts. Segment profit of $42 million was down $6 million from a year ago, primarily due to lower volume and mix. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $2.1 billion. Industrial revenues were $871 million up $77 million from last year's second quarter, primarily due to a favorable impact from pricing and higher volume and mix, principally at specialized vehicles. Segment profit of $41 million was up $9 million from the second quarter of 2021, primarily due to the higher volume and mix. Textron eAviation segment revenues were $5 million and segment loss was $8 million in the quarter. Finance segment revenues were $14 million and profit was $10 million. Moving below segment profit, corporate expenses were $12 million and interest expense was $28 million. Our manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $309 million in the quarter down $200 million from last year's second quarter. The second quarter of 2022 included significant cash tax payments as a result of the 2022 change in R&D tax treatment. In the quarter, we repurchased 4.4 million shares returning $282 million in cash to shareholders. For the full year, we are reiterating our earnings per share guidance of $3.80 to $4 per share and we are increasing our cash flow from continuing operations before pension contributions guidance to be in the range of $800 million to $900 million, up a $100 million from our prior outlook. That concludes our prepared remarks. So Brad, we can open the line for questions,
Operator: And our first question today comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hey guys, I'm impressed nine minutes today. So in terms of your guidance for the year, you read and reiterated it, but several companies are missing on supply chain. So maybe can you talk about, are you seeing some of those supply chain headwinds for the second half of the year? And Scott, in your prepared remarks, you mentioned FLRAA, the push out to mid-October, how does that impact results and the additional investment there?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Sheila. Well, look, I think, if we look at sort of across the company, first and foremost, I think textile aviation performance will continue to be very strong in the second half. We are trying to ramp production. We expect to try to continue to ramp production through in the 2023, given the very strong demand environment. Supply chain and headwinds are causing some disruptions there, obviously. So, I think we'll probably be a little light on revenue. We'll probably miss some deliveries as things push into 2023. But I think that from a performance standpoint, from a margin standpoint, the business will continue to excel. Aftermarket remains very strong obviously, and that's an important part of the financials in the business. So I think that that business will be a strong performer in the second half and be really well positioned for us going into 2023 as well. The Industrial segment like our vehicle business continues to perform well. It continues to improve. First half was pretty tough in the automotive world. Again, mostly supply chain and COVID shutdowns in China. I certainly expect that to improve in the second half. So we'll see better performance, from CalTex in the back half of the year. So I think, continued improvement. It'll probably be towards the low end of margin just because of the first couple quarters on the automotive side, but otherwise strong performance. Systems in the second half, look, we should get back. We've had these negative revenue comparisons driven largely by the Afghanistan pull-out and the impact it had on fee for service business. Those comps go away in the third and fourth quarter. So I think we get back to stable, even showing some growth probably towards the end of the year, resulting from some new wins and again, very strong performance I think in terms of segment profit and bell will be the one that's a bit of a challenge. Look, we are starting really strong performance on the commercial side. The demand environment is good. We'll certainly have a lot more deliveries in the back half of the year. But they are fighting through supply chain issues and inefficiencies. We know, and fully expect we're going to see lower volume, particularly on H1 aftermarket. There's just been lower demand, lower flying in that side of the house. But the big issue, we also have to face into is obviously the Flower program, which we continue to feel good about. Our teams are working really hard on it, but that's probably a three or four month slip from where we thought it would be when we gave our guidance originally. So, obviously we have a big team and we're going to retain that team and keep pressing on, but certainly that will result in some more investment in our program before we get to a contract award. So that will weigh on Bell for the total year. So I think we'll probably get there on revenue, but we'll be on the lighter side of margin given that transition.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Maybe just a follow up on balance, since you just mentioned it, 22% decline, how much of that or 23%, how much of that was due to supply chain and how much of a decline should we expect in the second half? Is it still $3 billion feasible in terms of revenue?
Scott Donnelly: Yeah, I think $3 billion is still feasible and really look, the split is going to be in part again, lower aftermarket on the military side, which is down and that's kind of lumpy. It was actually pretty strong in the first quarter. It was pretty weak here in the second quarter, but I do think we'll see softness in that aftermarket side. But we'll see, I think strong deliveries on the commercial side of the helicopter business that will partially offset that here in the third and fourth quarter.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Oh, one moment. Sorry about that, please go ahead with your question.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Hi, it's Elizabeth. Can you hear me?
Scott Donnelly: Yeah, we can hear you now.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Okay, great. Good. I'm on for Ron this morning. We noticed on your finance segment slide in your presentation that the 60 plus delinquency more than doubled quarter-over-quarter from $2 million to $5 million. Is there anything to worry about there?
Frank Connor: No, the finance segment's been performing very well, as you can see from kind of the earnings for finance. So we continue to see good performance out of the portfolio. Kind of things come up from time to time where things move around, but the overall portfolio is performing well.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please. Go ahead.
Peter Arment: Yeah, thanks. Good morning, Scott and Frank. Nice results, Peter. Hey Scott, your backlog continues to swell in aviation, can you maybe talk a little bit about just how you think of managing that, ramping that production and you're obviously probably well into 2023, when you think about kind of delivery slots, just maybe a little color there, that'd be helpful.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Peter look, Obviously demand's been really strong in that backlog is continuing to grow. It gives us really good visibility, which is terrific. Something we didn't have for a long time as you know. So yeah, we continue to work to be able to ramp and we're continue to do that through the course of the year, and obviously we'll be needing to do that as we into 2023. We're working really hard on hiring on our end of things to bring staff on board and working with suppliers. That just, to be able to meet that ramp. So, we're making sure we're cautious about how we're committing to customers who want to deliver on the dates that we'll say we'll deliver, but it's a headwind. And like I said, I think it will impact us this year on some deliveries that we would've originally had that'll push off into the beginning of 2023, but our teams are obviously working every day on this stuff and we are making progress with growing our workforce in-house and we're continue to work with our suppliers to help them meet that ramp as well. So I don't think it's going to be easy, but clearly I think we have line of sight that continue to increase our production rates as we go through the balance of this year and through 2023 as well.
Peter Arment: That's great. And Frank, do you have what the aftermarket growth number was in the quarter?
Frank Connor: Yeah, it was it was 18% on aviation, 18% and 33% of the revenues.
Peter Arment: Terrific. Thanks again, results.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please go ahead.
David Strauss: Scott, on FLRAA, what gives you confidence that we're actually going to see a decision here on October? We've seen several slips now, I guess. What color can you give us around your confidence that we're actually going to get a decision here come the fall?
Scott Donnelly: Well, obviously we've had ongoing interaction with the acquisition side of the army. Everything is all obviously very quiet from a post evaluation stage. The indications we get from the acquisition side are that they're going through their process and there haven't been data requests or proposal related activity here for some time. So we know they're in their detailed evaluation phase. Secretary Bush, who we saw last week, indicated that, and he has said this publicly in several forums that he expects that they're on track to make an announcement after the USA conference. That's what the 10th, 11th or so of October. So, when he says that we're kind of surmising, that means sometime in that mid to late October timeframe. So, that's what we're currently trying to factor into our plans and what we need to do to make sure that our team, that's assembled, which are currently working, obviously on the risk reduction program, will continue to have activity and keep progressing this thing while they finish their evaluation. But, the dates I'm quoting are again, kind of publicly, Secretary Bush has made those statements. And again, there's no indication from him when we met that there's anything other than just working through their process.
David Strauss: Okay. Frank, couple of questions. How do you see -- you've raised your free cash flow guidance, but how do you see working kind of pieces of working capital, mainly inventory and advances going from here the rest of the year, and then, any initial thoughts on pension for '23, given asset returns and discount rates, it's a pretty big income item for you guys. Thanks.
Frank Connor: Yeah. So on the cash flow side, we're consistent with where we had Ben. We continue to see good working capital performance. The supply chain issues and kind of potential delays and deliveries obviously could create a little bit of pressure on the inventory side. But I don't expect that to be at all significant as we go into year end. But we obviously raise cash flow guidance anticipating continued overall good working capital performance and that's bolstered by strong order activity and customer deposits, frankly both at aviation and a Bell on the commercial side as well. So overall good cash flow performance so far year to date and expect that to continue through the remainder of the year. Look on the pension side, it's kind of too early, I guess, right now, if you snapped a line, the interest rate impact would more than offset the impact from on the asset valuation side in terms of, kind of creating any headwind associated with pension. So, we have the potential for some additional tailwind given where things are right now as we move into '23 from pension.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Good morning. Quick one, why was corporate expense so low on the quarter? 
Frank Connor: That has to do with the share price impact that kind of flows through corporate for our equity related comp programs. So, unfortunately we saw a tough overall market and tough share price performance for us in the quarter. So that impacts that number. I'd say in terms of overall for the year, kind of given where the overall market environment is we're probably $10 million-ish better. We expect on corporate expense from an overall cost for the year. But, hopefully that number is not a sustainable quarterly number because the share price performance.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then you'd also mentioned that in Bell, there was an adjustment unfavorable adjustment. Can you quantify that?
Frank Connor: Yeah, we don't talk about that, kind of by segments. But the comment related to we did see some unfavorable program adjustments this quarter and when you compare that to a year ago, we had some favorable program adjustments. So the overall we, between the two years, kind of created more negative program adjustment therefore. So that's the nature of the comment. Overall expenses are down at Bell anticipating the kind of the reduction in volume. But frankly volume has come out a little faster than we anticipated and so it did have some negative impact on performance.
George Shapiro: Okay. Then for Scott, in terms of the general aviation demand, did you see any changes? They went through the quarter and is April -- is July continuing to be strong?
Scott Donnelly: Oh, so George so far the market feels about the same. Demand is strong, continues to be strong business jet market in North America. In the quarter we saw a significant pickup in international activity, particularly in our turboprop business. So strong international demand on years, which certainly helps. We see some more of the corporates, coming back in as corporate flight activity picks up, but still seeing a lot of new entrance into the market as well. So I think that, as we look at sort of how Q2 played out and continues now in the beginning of Q3 is indicative of really strong demand across the entire portfolio of products.
George Shapiro: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Scott, how are you going about deciding exactly where to lay the Cessna production and deliveries for the remainder of this year and next year?
Scott Donnelly: Well, for the most part, no, these are pretty well booked. So, we know what commitments we've made to customers in terms of delivery dates. As you know, unlike it was for a long time, and this is pretty well booked business. So we know the models, we know the mix, we know the interiors and colors. We know what we got to go do. That's not a problem. The challenge is just getting enough people and suppliers to deliver the parts and get the stuff in there and get it produced. So it's a good problem to have, but it's still a problem, right? So we're working our way through that and like I said, I think the performance of the business, despite a lot of those interruptions and disruptions, they're largely getting it done. I do think we'll have some aircraft slip out because of some particular supplier issues that we're not we just know their delivery dates aren't going to get there, but it's a relatively small number of aircraft and again, that's offset by a very strong aftermarket, the utilization of the aircraft is very high, that drives a lot of service business, which is great and just overall, I think the business is performing really well,
Noah Poponak: You've had bookings in excess of revenue by about 50%, several quarters in a row. The backlog isn't all new billed, but just the implied bookings it's running about $2 billion a quarter. Do you try to take the production system and the revenue to a place that would match some assumption of that order rate slowing down and try to get the revenue and the orders to land in the same run rate or do you want the orders to keep exceeding revenue and keep growing the backlog from here? Or can you just not even do that because it's customer dependent?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, there's a lot of moving parts here, right. But, to be honest, you had your dream, you'd have a one to one, right? You'd keep building and keep selling and everything would be great. So, obviously right now demand is stronger than that and we know which leads to that, backlog going out further in time, that's certainly not all bad, but it gives us visibility and we'll plan a production rate. And again, we are increasing our production rates and we'll continue to increase those rates in the next year. But look, we keep a close eye on that right because in the end, this is about matching supply and demand and I think as we've talked about before, this is a business that should run off backlog, right? It's better for our customers. It's better for us. I think the whole market is in a better place when there's adequate time for people who have their aircraft to sell their aircraft and doing their upgrades and have a better flow in manufacturing and customizations. So look a one to one's a healthy place to be. You can't build backlog forever obviously, right? You get to a point where somebody's not going to order an aircraft if it's not available for three or four years and there's more customization and longer lead time probably in order cycle around some of the larger aircraft and smaller aircraft so that, you have that dynamic in there. But look, I think we're in a really good place. Obviously we want to maintain a backlog and we need to balance it where it's a good spot for both ourselves and our customers and I think that's where we are right now. So the out demand continues to grow and so we will grow our production rate, but there's no objective to try to get this back to where you're not working off of a backlog. I don't think that's good for the business or the overall market.
Noah Poponak: Yeah, no, I meant it more anticipating a slowdown in the order rate and therefore keeping the supply tight.
Scott Donnelly: Well look, the good news. No, we're out far enough, but if you do see us slow down at some point, you can adjust that right, and manage a view, start seeing some absolutely.
Noah Poponak: And then just on the margin, it's another incremental that's well above that sort of longer term framework you have in the segment. Can you give us some color on how much of that is price versus absorption versus mix and then where do you see that for the remainder of the year?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think we're still coming out of some, highly disruptive times when you look at the year over year, right? So we saw this in the first quarter as well. Price over inflation is good. We've needed that in this industry obviously for a long time. So I think that obviously is a positive contributor, but, I still think if you think about the long term, the gross margins, the mix between the original equipment and aftermarket that this is a business that generally you should expect to see sort of that 20%, 25% conversion. We're a little stronger than that coming off some pretty extraordinary times, but as we go forward, I think that's a reasonable expectation is that you generally will see somewhere in that 20%, 25% range.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes. Thanks so much for taking the question. So Scott, could you talk a little bit about supply chain specifically at aviation and also labor availability in the Wichita area. You seem to have obviously done pretty well? What kind of a challenge is it and is it getting better or getting worse?
Scott Donnelly: You know, Cai, it's kind of flat, right? On the labor front look, we are making progress. But, if I look at the ramp, as we think about this year, going into next year, we're looking to add, kind of net, a 100 people or so a month. So that's we're running, hiring fairs. We are seeing people coming back into the workforce. We're working that hard. It's the entry level, bringing new people in and obviously, you've got training and development. So, there's only so fast we can do it, but we're working and like, Wichita's always been a great place for us in terms of availability, labor, and people that have good work ethic and stuff. So we're continuing to work that, but it's sizeable number of people that we need to bring on board to support that ramp every month. So when you go to the supply chain, Cai, look, I think, a lot of our smaller suppliers continue to struggle with a little COVID thing here and there and when we have an issue and some people can't show up to work, we're big enough that we can kind of try to move people around and sort of keep things going, not easy, but our guys do a pretty good job of that. When you've got smaller suppliers and they lose a chunk of their workforce for a week, they can -- they slip a week on part availability. So again, our guys do everything they can to manage those inefficiencies and do out station work and they're constantly working this. So I don't think it's getting worse. But, unfortunately we haven't seen it get dramatically better. And then, you always have a couple suppliers where, what the lead times are, if they've had an issue or problem, we talked last time about some resourcing out of Russia into US manufacturers. That's a discontinuity that we will get caught up on some of that, but I do think it'll impact us in pushing some things into 2023, but again, net of all that I think the businesses performing really well, despite those challenges.
Cai von Rumohr: Terrific. And you've owned PIPISTREL now for a little over a quarter. Could you give us some thoughts on where you plan on taking the products here specifically before PIPISTREL, you had some designs, do you hope to take their technology and pursue that area? You have the Nuva [ph], you got a number of potential opportunities. Maybe give us some color in terms of where you're thinking of taking that?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, absolutely. Look, the Nuva [ph] you just mentioned, we're very excited about that thing. They've done some good work in the past that that is one of the areas that we're adding R&D to try to accelerate that and get the aircraft, the first aircraft flying. I think when you think about unmanned, I actually think unmanned cargo, is probably something that's a reasonable expectation for acceptance in the marketplace and growth and that Nuva is kind of a 1,000 pound cargo, kind of a crap. The guys are working hard on that right now and again, that's an area we've accelerated some of our investment to bring that to market. You talk about Nexus and sort of the EV space, as we talked about Cai, I think that when we look at our company, we feel great about our arrow and fatigue and structures and flight controls guys. Obviously, these things look like at least in our view is sort of a mini rotor kind of a technology. We actually do that. We have the right technical talent to pull that off. Our weak spot in terms of organic capability was around the power train and electric propulsion and the PIPISTREL guys are fantastic at that. This is what they do and so in that particular area on Vitol [ph], absolutely, we have that team now engaged in adding some resources to help our team in Wichita to deal with the battery storage, battery energy and electric propulsion trains that would support [indiscernible]. So I'd say so far, we've only owned them for a couple of months here. They've got some great current product line. You've got things like Pantera that have been sold previously under sort of experimental tickets. I think we have a great pathway for that to be a great airplane, part of our portfolio as a certified IFR aircraft. So again areas where the teams that do that kind of work in Wichita are now helping the team in Slovenia and how do you lay out, product certification for an IFR aircraft. So, so far I'd say the integration is really going really, really well, the PIPISTREL folks have a fabulous engineering and technical base and we're just growing that, so
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Scott, probably question for you, obviously concerns out there about a slowing global economy. I was wondering if you'd seen any sign of this in your industrial division, and if this were to occur switching over to aviation, how would you say the setup here differs from what you saw back in say 2007, 2008 peak of last cycle?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Robert that's a great question. Look, we haven't seen it yet. I think, look, we all kind of keep an eye on things and everyone sees some softness in some of the let's call it lower end retail source side of things. I think that makes a lot of sense. People are obviously putting a lot more cash into their gas tank that takes some of that discretionary spending away, but we keep a very close eye on this in terms of the demand, particularly in some of that in the industrial world. But, we're still seeing a very strong demand environment. We continue to be gated more by supply chain issues and just getting product out there. Dealer inventories are still at very, very low levels. So we we'll continue to keep a very close eye on it obviously. But, we're not seeing that change just yet on the. On the GA side, Robert, we have the situation today having lived through that 2008, 2009 is just a totally different dynamic, right? You had a liquidity based financial crisis. Today I would argue we have absolutely the opposite of that, right? The world is a wash in money. And I think, again, if you go on the aviation side, you had political overhang back in 2008, 2009, right? Where, it was bad to have a business jet and today you see a situation where good, bad and different, the commercial airlines, and the whole network of commercial travel is struggling and you see people moving and being incentivized to moving into the business, aviation world. So the dynamic is just wildly different. I think the underlying economics are just totally different, right? You went from a liquidity problem to a world that's it's just a wash in money. So totally different dynamic.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global. Please go ahead.
Pete Skibitski: Hey, good morning guys. Question on system, sorry if I missed this, but are you still expecting $1.3 billion for the full year and if so, which programs are going to ramp in the back half?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think that we'll, I'm not sure it's probably going to be a one, two or something in that Peter. I think the we continue to see growth in our services business, on the adversary air. we're continuing to see growth in our webs and munitions business, as GBSD continues to ramp. We just mentioned an award on the XM204. It's a program we've been working on for a very long time. It's across obviously very important milestones here that will start to contribute growth to the business. So, it's across all the other segments. The comparative that we've struggled with really has been this Afghanistan, withdrawal and I think again, you'll start to see this business pick up and go back into a growth mode here in the latter part of the year, driven by those programs.
Pete Skibitski: Okay. And just last one for me much smaller program, but I'm just curious if you guys are tracking this Armed Overwatch program just because it seems like the type of thing that could be maybe leveraged internationally and you just got the 86 certified. So just wondering if you think that might be awarded this year and if it's going to be meaningful to you or not.
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, it would be Peter. I think that the Armed Overwatch, our expectation is that that could be announced any day, any week here. Again, the air force is in their proposal evaluation. So all is quiet there, but they're going through their process. So, yeah, absolutely, I think that's something will be announced in the pretty near future. But, regardless, the fact that we did get the military type certification on the T6 six is a big deal for us on the international markets. As you know, we've already taken our first orders for that because customers expected, we would get the type certain and we have a large installed base and a very successful product in the T6 on the trainer side of things. So an awful lot of customers have been in dialogue with us around their desire to go be able to transition from that T6 into AT6 for their light attack aircraft. So I think that we see a bright future for that product. Now that we have the MTC if we were to win the Armed Overwatch program, that would obviously be a huge opportunity for us. But either way, I think, we feel really good about where the AT6 position going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Okay. Thanks very much and good morning, everyone. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about Bell and just kind of A, sort of the pace of recovery through the year, but also, with H1 ramping down just the extent to which the EBIT level that we saw in Q2, even though there was some one time aspect to it. To what extent does that become kind of a preview of '23, '24 as H1 goes away and we think about the transition, potentially into FLRAA?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think what we saw this quarter is probably kind of where Bell's going to be here for a little while, as we see those lower aftermarket military volumes. Again, we'll see commercial kicking in here with some increases on the revenue side and obviously a lot of this will depend on where FLRAA goes, right? So, obviously we're optimistic about the program, but the army, it's their decision and hopefully we'll see that happen here in that October, sort of timeframe because clearly that's really important for us for the future in terms of that program moving from the investment phase, which it has been now for almost a decade and move into a real program.
Seth Seifman: Right. Okay. Thanks. And then I apologize if you mentioned it, but I think, you said a few deliveries might slip out due to supply chain issues in aviation. If we thought that the target was kind of to get back to 2019 level of 206, it, should we still be thinking about, let's say 200 deliveries and do these supply chain issues have much impact on the quarterly cadence in the second half?
Scott Donnelly: Look, I think it's going to be, south of the numbers you're talking about here. We've never given the exact number, but like I said, I think you can expect that our original guide on the revenue is probably going to be short, a couple $100 million. But on the margin side, it's going to be north of our guide because again, I think our business is despite all these disruptions is performing really well, very strong aftermarket. As Frank mentioned, really strong growth again in the quarter. So, as you'll look through the bounce of the year, I think aviation will continue to perform really, really well. But for sure these supply chain issues are going to have force a few aircraft out of the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Melius. Please go ahead.
Robert Spingarn: Scott, on the slippage, in the deliveries that we're just talking about here is you mentioned it's a lot of small suppliers, but are engines involved at all? Is there an engine shortfall?
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Robert Spingarn: And so, is that the dominant factor or again, it's across the airplane?
Scott Donnelly: Well, it's across airplanes. The engine impact on one particular model is probably our single biggest impact. And again, that's one where like, I think they're working really hard at trying to get the stuff back in. And I think the good news is in that particular case, the resourcing is well defined. It's well understood. It's someone who's built the part before. I think there's a good path to getting back on track, but I just don't see that getting itself resolved and not impacting deliveries this year, but those are couple move into the 2023. And again, financially we're going to be fine. Again, the business is performing really, really well. The bigger issue for me is frankly, I have some customers obviously that want their aircraft that are going to get pushed into next year as a, as a result of that. But I think the path to get that resolved is quite clear and it's being, it's being worked really hard. So, the other craft it's a couple here, a couple, it's small there's just a lot of suppliers with a lot of issues and it's like I say, it's a bit of a fight every day, so
Robert Spingarn: Right. And it looks like your pricing is outpacing inflation but if inflation continues to stay where it is or gets worse, are there any protections being built into the newer contracts?
Scott Donnelly: No, look, we, most of our, aircraft, these deals are negotiated. We know what the delivery dates are and our guys have put in appropriate pricing associated with what our expectations are on the inflation side. So, when we have the few deals we have that are kind of out there in time and pre-negotiated take into consideration market pricing at the time. So, I think we feel like we have adequate protection and adequate, incorporation of inflation going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kristine Liwag: Hey, Scott, back on Textron Aviation, you reported margins at 12%, the highest we've seen since 2008 and we look back, it's really been 14, 15 years since we've seen a real light and mid-size biz jet upcycle. At this point, use inventories in your favor, you're getting pricing, you're getting orders. If we continue to see sustained demand and the supply chain issues, ease, are there any structural differences in the business today that could prevent margins from going back to that mid to high teens that we saw in '07 '08? At some point, not this year clearly, but at some point,
Scott Donnelly: Look, I think the way we look at the market right now and the performance of the business and the mix of aftermarket and aircraft and all the programs, the new models, obviously we have a very different portfolio product today than we than we did back then as well. I think the cost structure of the business is really, really well managed. It's well aligned to what the volumes are. And so, certainly our expectation is that we'll continue to see positive margin progression as we go into the future. That's absolutely our plan and look, we've as you said, it's been a long, hard fight from back in the 2008 days to get to where we are today. But, this is kind of back to where you've got a business running the way it's supposed to be running and with a strong backlog like it's supposed to have. And the dynamics, as you mentioned, used aircraft available for sale, or are at record lows versus being a real problem for quite an number years. So, look, I think the business 12% margins, this is a spectacular business and I do think we can continue to improve those margin rates as we go into future years.
Operator: And with that, there are no further questions for today's call. Today's conference will be available for replay after 11:00 AM Eastern today through October 27. You may access the AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1866-207-1041, entering the access code 5456778. International participants may dial 4029700847. And those numbers again are 1866-207-1041 and 402-970-0847 again, entering the access code 5456778. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference services. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-28 08:00:00) =====
Disclaimer*: This transcript is designed to be used alongside the freely available audio recording on this page. Timestamps within the transcript are designed to help you navigate the audio should the corresponding text be unclear. The machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide.:
Operator: 00:00 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Textron First Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 00:36 I would now like to turn the conference over to Eric Salander, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Eric Salander: 00:44 Thanks, Leah and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. 01:11 Revenues in the quarter were $3 billion up from $2.9 billion in last year's first quarter. Segment profit in the quarter was $304 million, up $48 million from last year's -- from the first quarter of 2021. During this year's first quarter, we reported net income of $0.88 per share compared to $0.77 per share on an adjusted basis in last year's first quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions totaled $209 million in the quarter, up $138 million from the first quarter of 2021. 01:41 With that I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: 01:43 Thanks, Eric and good morning, everyone. Revenues and margins were up in the quarter driven by Textron Aviation. Aviation demonstrated strong execution in the quarter, resulting in a 11.6% segment margin. We continue to see very strong demand, solid pricing, and increased deliveries from our Citation jet and commercial turboprop products and higher aftermarket volume from increased aircraft utilization. We delivered 39 jets up from 28 last year and 31 commercial turboprops, up from 14 last year's first quarter. 02:14 Order activity was very strong in the quarter with $1 billion of backlog growth reflecting continued order momentum across our product portfolio. We ended the quarter with $5.1 billion in backlog. In March, our new commercial turboprops Cessna SkyCourier received FAA certification and we expect to begin deliveries in the second quarter. At Bell, revenues were down 1% in the quarter, largely driven by the mix of commercial products sold. 02:28 On the commercial side of Bell, we delivered 25 helicopters, up from 17 in last year's first quarter. During the quarter, we saw momentum build in commercial demand across all our product aircraft models and end markets with a strong quarter of new orders. 02:50 Moving to Future Vertical Lift. In March, Bell submitted its final FLRAA proposal revision to the U.S. Army, a down select and award announcement is expected this summer. 02:59 Moving to Textron Systems. Revenues were down in the quarter on lower volume, primarily reflecting the impact of last year's withdrawal of the U.S. Army from Afghanistan on our fee-for-service and aircraft support contracts. At ATAC, we continue to see increased flight activity and revenue on our U.S. Navy and Air Force adversary air contracts. During the quarter, Systems successfully deployed the first Aerosonde on UAS system in a maritime environment, abroad a U.S. Navy guided missile destroyer. Systems is expected to deploy a second Aerosonde on UAS for an additional ship later this year. 03:30 Moving to industrial. We saw higher revenue during the quarter driven by higher pricing and volume in specialized vehicles and our PTV and golf product lines. We continue to see strong end market demand in most of our product lines across specialized vehicles. Kautex, we saw disruptions related to global auto OEM supply chain shortages to continue to directly impact our production schedules, resulting in lower volume. 03:51 At the product level, hybrid revenue increased 24% year-over-year to 12% of total Kautex revenues in the first quarter, up from 9% a year ago, as we continue to penetrate the hybrid Fuel Systems segment. On April 15, we closed our acquisition of PIPISTREL, a pioneer and global leader in luxury powered aircraft. PIPISTREL brings its technical and regulatory expertise in the development of electric and hybrid aircraft to support Textron's long-term strategy to offer families sustainable aircraft for urban air mobility, general aviation, cargo and special mission roles. 04:21 With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: 04:23 Thanks, Scott and good morning, everyone. Let's review how each of the segments contributed starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues at Textron Aviation of $1 billion were up $175 million from a year ago, largely due to higher Citation jet volume of $93 million. Aftermarket volume of $61 million and commercial turboprop volume of $59 million. Segment profit was $121 million in the first quarter, up $74 million from a year ago, largely due to the higher volume and mix of $55 million and favorable pricing net of inflation of $16 million. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $5.1 billion. 05:02 Moving to Bell, revenues were $834 million, down $12 million from last year, due to lower commercial revenues of $32 million, largely reflecting the mix of aircraft sold during the period, partially offset by higher military revenues. Segment profit of $98 million was down $7 million reflecting lower volume and mix, partially offset by favorable impact from performance. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $4.8 billion. At Textron Systems, revenues were $273 million, down $55 million from last year's first quarter due to lower volume of $59 million, primarily reflecting the impact of the U.S. Army's withdrawal from Afghanistan on our fee-for-service and aircraft support contracts. 05:47 Segment profit of $33 million was down $18 million from a year ago, due to lower volume and mix of $11 million described above and an unfavorable impact from performance of $9 million, primarily reflecting lower net favorable program adjustments on our fee-for-service contracts. Backlog in this segment ended the quarter at $2.1 billion. 06:08 Industrial revenues were $838 million up $13 million from last year, primarily due to a favorable impact of $46 million from pricing, principally in the Specialized Vehicles product line, partially offset by lower volume and the mix of $24 million, largely in the Fuel Systems and Functional Components product line due to the impact of global supply chain shortages on our auto OEM customers. Segment profit of $43 million was down $4 million from the first quarter of 2021, primarily due to the lower volume and mix described above. Finance segment revenues were $16 million and profit was $9 million. 06:48 Moving below segment profit. Corporate expenses were $44 million and interest expense was $28 million. Our manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $209 million in the quarter, up $138 million from last year's first quarter. In the quarter, we repurchased $2.2 million shares returning $157 million in cash to shareholders. Beginning in the second quarter of 2022, PIPISTREL will become part of Textron eAviation, a new business segment where we will combine our existing initiatives with PIPISTREL's capabilities to accelerate our development of sustainable aviation solutions. This new reporting segment will include development expenses related to these efforts and PIPISTREL's operating results. 07:34 For the remainder of the year, we expect revenues for the eAviation segment to be in the range of $30 million to $40 million and a segment loss of about $45 million, which reflects a net cost increase of about $20 million from the eAviation guidance we provided in January. On our January call, we provided guidance for the expected costs related to eAviation of about $30 million, which were included in our full year corporate expense guidance of about $150 million. We now expect corporate expense to be about $125 million, reflecting the move of $25 million of expected eAviation cost to the new segment on a prospective basis. For the full year, we're reiterating our EPS guidance of $3.80 to $4 per share, inclusive of the eAviation segment results. 08:24 That concludes our prepared remarks. So, Leah, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: 08:31 Thank you. And our first question is from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: 08:38 Thanks so much. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: 08:39 Good morning, Robert.
Robert Stallard: 08:40 Scott, you noticed that a very -- noted a very strong quarter for orders at aviation in the first quarter. I was wondering, if you could comment on whether you'd seen any differences in terms of the different types of aircraft you had and whether there have been any change in the customer dynamics by type as well? Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: 8:57 Not really, Robert. It's across the whole portfolio carriers, it's the momentum continues to be strong. It's still more U.S.-centric than general, it's probably around 80/20 on jets, around 60% on turboprop, where we usually see more like 60% international in turboprops. So the dynamics from what we've seen here over the last year, let's say, kind of continued through the quarter in terms of kinds of customers still seeing quite a fair number of new customers are coming into the marketplace, which is encouraging, but yeah, I'd say the dynamic is quite similar to what we've seen just very strong in terms of the number of transactions. The demand out there continues to be robust.
Robert Stallard: 09:43 That's great. Just a quick one for Frank. Is there any change to your cash flow guidance for the year?
Frank Connor: 09:48 No, We're staying at the $700 million, $800 million for that.
Robert Stallard: 09:54 That's great. Okay. Thank you very much.
Frank Connor: 09:56 Welcome.
Operator: 09:57 And our next question is from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: 10:03 Good morning and thank you, guys. So maybe on aviation margins just relative to the guidance you gave in January, 11.6 is pretty strong for the first quarter on, maybe lower deliveries than we thought, but up significantly year-over-year and price was only 1.5%. So maybe, Scott, if you could talk about what you're seeing there? How we should expect that to progress? Can we see better pricing?
Scott Donnelly: 10:26 Well, I think the pricing remains strong. Obviously, we're selling out into the future and making sure that we get good pricing in anticipation of continued inflationary pressure. So I think we're pretty well covered on that front. Do you think the margins are a little strong here, in the first quarter, Sheila, because we just get a flying activity is up. So strongly that we saw about 38% of our revenue here in Q1 was service and aftermarket business. So that's a little heavier mix than we would expect to see certainly for the total year. And that's part of what's driving a little bit probably higher margin in Q1 than what we guided. So it's a little bit more of a mix here between aftermarket and original equipment sales. And obviously, original equipment sales will strengthen as we go through the year.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: 11:12 Okay. And then maybe one more on eAviation, just creating a new segment. What was the thought process behind that, Scott and how do you envision that sector -- segment evolving over the next few years?
Scott Donnelly: 11:26 So, our logic for doing this and breaking out as a separate segment is, as we talked about in January, because this was sort of a cross business thing. We had got aviation engineers and Bell engineers and folks from systems that are kind of building out this team. And it's a new space, particularly around eVTOL. We were funding that in a corporate line. With the acquisition of PIPISTREL and the increasing importance, I think of kind of these investments that we're going to make on the sustainable aviation side. We thought it would be helpful to shareholders to break that out as a separate initiative and give visibility to that. 11:59 So obviously, PIPISTREL is in there. Its operating results are in there, but it's a $40 million, $50 million at this point sort of a business. So a lot of the results that you'll see in that segment are driven by the significant R&D investments that we're making around the sustainable aviation activities and some of that is activity we are already funding on -- through the corporate line as well as obviously, bringing PIPISTREL in and increasing some of the R&D that was in that business to sort of accelerate some of the product activities that PIPISTREL already had undertaken.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: 12:34 Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: 12:35 I think it will just give better visibility.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: 12:38 Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: 12:39 Sure.
Operator: 12:39 And next we move to the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please go ahead.
David Strauss: 12:46 Thanks. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: 12:47 Good morning.
David Strauss: 12:48 Scott, did you read deliveries a little short at all or do you miss any deliveries given the transition to the M2 or M2/CJ4 Gen2? I thought that was going to impact Q1?
Scott Donnelly: 13:05 Look, I think we're probably a couple of aircraft behind where we'd like to be just in terms of schedule, ramping up and getting people hitting, but not materially. I mean, it's, we expect to continue to see the growth in deliveries as we go through the course of the year. But I mean, it was a couple of aircraft probably that we would like to have gotten in the quarter, but nothing material.
David Strauss: 13:27 Okay. And could you talk about maybe across Bell and Systems how you did in the '22 budget in terms of the final bill relative to the initial request and same thing in the initial fiscal '23 requests?
Scott Donnelly: 13:47 I think FY '22 finally came out about where we would have expected it to be. Our programs are funded where we expected them. I think when we look at what came out on the FY '23 budget, this is a very long process. There's certainly things that we would like to see have some increased funding. And obviously, we'll work on that between now and getting to an actual appropriate at FY '23 budget. I would say, when we look at the overall budgets and we look at the numbers have been put out in terms of future, defense funding areas that are sold to us, particularly army things around FLRAA, and FARA looks like those are being funded as we would have expected.
David Strauss: 14:34 Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: 14:38 And next we'll go to Seth Seifman with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: 14:45 Hey. Thanks. Thanks very much and good morning. Just wanted to ask about cash deployment and kind of the pace of share repurchases. You told us at earlier in the year to expect share repo to ramp through the year and it looks like that's what's happening. But we've seen strong cash generation so far, the markets had some setbacks early on. How did you think about approaching cash share repurchases opportunistically? And how did the acquisition play into that thought process?
Scott Donnelly: 15:20 Well, I would say, we tend to model it as, more back-end loaded. I think we did -- do a little more acquisition opportunistically here in the quarter because of some of the moves in the share price. So we continue to execute that strategy. The acquisition of the PIPISTREL was not a huge cash outlay. So that was something that we handled sort of within our balance sheet. So I think we have certainly cash available to deploy and we will continue to do that opportunistically as we work through the year.
Seth Seifman: 15:49 Okay. Great. And sorry, to split hairs here, but I think you mentioned summer award for FLRAA still expecting that in early July?
Scott Donnelly: 16:01 That's what we understand, yes.
Seth Seifman: 16:03 Okay. Excellent. Thanks very much, Scott.
Scott Donnelly: 16:05 Sure.
Operator: 16:06 And our next question is from Ron Epstein with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ron Epstein: 16:14 Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: 16:15 Hi, Ron.
Ron Epstein: 16:15 I was wondering, if you could maybe peel back then in on a little bit on what drew you to Pipistrel? And then maybe as a follow on what else are you thinking in terms of M&A out there that could bolster your businesses?
Scott Donnelly: 16:30 Well, I guess, lets say, on the Pipistrel Ron is, as we look at what needs to happen in the technologies and capabilities you need to do things like eVTOL, I think our company is -- was already very well equipped in terms of aerodynamic capability and structures and loads, aircraft, flight controls, obviously our expertise in the aviation business today, in doing Part 23 aircraft certifications and the capability that we have in Bell, on tiltrotor which in essence, I think the architecture certainly where we're heading is, just small tiltrotor sort of a product on the eVTOL front. I think we felt like we've got a tremendous amount of organic capability, but we don't have any experience to speak of around battery management systems and cell analysis development, the whole electric propulsion side of this. 17:24 And when we looked at Pipistrel, I mean this is a perfect combination. So in my view, when you look what's critical from a technical standpoint to go design develop and certify an aircraft of that clause. I mean, they were not just eVTOL, but also other applications in GA for electric or hybrid. We had a gap in that electrical propulsion side and this is Pipistrel strength. So I think sort of the missing piece of the puzzle in terms of how we think about our ability to go off and design, develop and certify aircraft in that space. So I would say, the more work weve done and now with the deal closed and interacting with their team, they've got superb capability and are real leader in that space. And they understand a very deeply. Our teams are already integrating and getting to work. So I think we're feeling really good about it. 18:13 In terms of other acquisition stuff, we probably won't comment at this point, but something happens we'll certainly let you know.
Ron Epstein: 18:20 All right. Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: 18:22 Sure.
Operator: 18:22 And our next question is from Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global. Please go ahead.
Pete Skibitski: 18:29 Hey. Good morning, guys. Sorry, if I missed this, but what was the sequential increase in Bell's backlog, was that driven by commercial or just kind of legacy V-22 or AH-1 or something else?
Scott Donnelly: 18:45 There are some commercial, but also, we signed the V-22 PBL contract for five-year, PBL support contract.
Pete Skibitski: 18:51 Okay. So I wanted to ask you guys about this potential Nigeria AH-1 contract, because that seems like it could be sizable for you. I think maybe approaching $1 billion. Wondering when that contract might get signed, then how to think about the start of revenue recognition and time frame on that?
Scott Donnelly: 19:12 Pete, it's hard to say, right. I mean, we've been working on this program for a while, working with the Nigerians to develop this, the congressional notification and approval was a big deal. Obviously, that's an important hurdle to get through, but this does still now need to go through contracting. It is an FMS case, right. So it's a contract that needs to be negotiated between the Nigerian Government and US Government and then to turn around a contract down to us. So I'm always leery of providing any data associated with anything, its FMS. So for sure, it was a major milestone to get through the congressional process. But there's probably a bit of work here still to do to get this thing under contract. So we certainly have not factored that into anything in our guide at this stage.
Pete Skibitski: 19:59 Okay. Thanks so much.
Scott Donnelly: 20:02 Sure.
Operator: 20:02 Next, we have a question from Robert Spingarn with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Spingarn: 20:08 Hi. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: 20:11 Good morning.
Robert Spingarn: 20:12 Scott, regarding the very strong extension of demand at aviation into the quarter. Could you talk about the cadence through the quarter just given the war starting the volatility in the stock markets, did that change anything between January and March or even into April?
Scott Donnelly: 20:28 No, it really didn't. The activity has stayed very strong through the whole quarter.
Robert Spingarn: 20:34 Okay. And then -- and globally any changes there?
Scott Donnelly: 20:39 No. Look, I mean, obviously, flying of assets that are in Russia or Russian registered has dropped off dramatically. We don't service or support those aircrafts at this stage of the game, but that's relatively minor as a light mid-size kind of player. Most of the oligarchs tend to be big iron guys, so the impact to us was pretty immaterial.
Robert Spingarn: 21:07 Okay. And then just on the Specialty Vehicle side, how would you characterize the current demand environment, the trends there and the inventory situation? Just give us any change there?
Scott Donnelly: 21:18 Yeah. Sure. Look, the demand remains very strong. Inventory levels are at extremely low levels. Supply chain continues to be the battle, I would say, in some of our product lines, particularly on the golf and the golf derivative PTVs. We've been -- we've seen stabilization in that supply chain. It's still a fight every day, but we're getting stuff out. And the market demand is robust. Pricing is strong in some of the other areas. You're still getting challenges of supply chains. Things get caught up. I mean, we had a lot of deliveries in the quarter around snow, for instance, which normally that would have been done by the end of last year. The parts finally came in. We were able to finish up units and get those out into the field. I'd say encouraging, like on GSE, for instance, which is really impacted obviously by the airline side of things. The order activity has come back very robust, which is great so that those lines are ramping back up again. But I would say in general across pretty much all of those markets that we serve, like, very strong demand, very low inventory out there in the channel, supply chain challenges continue, but we work from them every day and are getting stuff out.
Robert Spingarn: 22:28 Thank you for the color.
Operator: 22:31 Next, we go to George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: 22:37 Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: 22:38 Good morning, George.
George Shapiro: 22:41 Scott with a strong book-to-bill and you consider raising production rates further for next year or you want to wait a little while yet?
Scott Donnelly: 22:52 I would say, George, as you guys know, we talked about the rates kind of increasing through the course of this year. Certainly with the demand that we're seeing and the level of backlog, we'll plan on continuing to raise those as we go into 2023. So, look, we do this on a pretty real time basis. So is the order activity continues to stay demand. We'll stay on the ramp that we've already committed to on, in '22. And certainly, we're not ready to guide to 2023 yet, but I would certainly expect that we'll continue to push on increasing those rates as we go into 2023 as well.
George Shapiro: 23:30 And what are the kind of lead times that you're comfortable with and where are you now?
Scott Donnelly: 23:37 Well, look, the lead times are always sort of in that nine months or so kind of timeframe. There's certainly long lead, longer lead components that are part of that and engines and some other critical technologies. But we work with our suppliers every day on sort of forecasting that demand so that they're ready to meet that ramp. So for those critical long lead items, the discussions are happening in real time. And they understand what our expectations are in terms of supporting the ramp, not just through the balance of this year, but into 2023.
George Shapiro: 24:06 And one quick one for Frank. Given the weak system sales in the first quarter is your guide of 1.3 billion for the year still good or it's going to come down some?
Frank Connor: 24:18 No. We're still kind of maintaining that type of area. We expect that the first half was systems will be on the lighter side and then we'll see momentum and growth going into the second half.
George Shapiro: 24:31 And what drives the growth in the second half?
Frank Connor: 24:34 Just kind of the timing of program activities and other things.
George Shapiro: 24:41 Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: 24:46 And next we have a question from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: 24:51 Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Scott Donnelly: 24:52 Good morning, Noah.
Noah Poponak: 24:54 Is all of your prior full-year guidance reiterated this morning?
Scott Donnelly: 25:04 Well, I mean, yeah, we're not changing any of our guidance. So we held the range on EPS. Obviously, we did the Pipistrel deal. So we have some additional dilution. We think we can overcome that by some overperformance in a couple of areas. And the cash we're holding at least at this point to our previous guide, so.
Frank Connor: 25:24 Yeah. We're not re-guiding the segments, but, yeah, we're
Scott Donnelly: 25:27 Yeah. We don't normalize, no, we don't usually go back and try to re-guide the segments. But I would say the color which we usually provide is that, I mean, I don't expect it will maintain this level of margin at aviation every quarter, but I do think we'll be towards the high side on that, which helps to cover some of the dilution associated with the acquisition and increased R&D spending in that area.
Noah Poponak: 25:47 Okay. Yeah. No, I mean, just given where the earnings and cash flow is usually seasonally pretty weak in the quarter. Just given where those came in in the quarter, it seemed to outperform even what maybe you had been looking for a quarter ago when you guided. So I just wanted to make sure we're on the same page there.
Scott Donnelly: 26:05 Yeah. No, look, as I said, I think we had strong aftermarket in the quarter, which is good mix for us. But as we talked about last year, I do think when you guys model these things, you will see more linearity than we've seen for quite a number of years. And that's because having that strong backlog, we're able to plan production, customer deliveries and all that activity will be more linear than what we've had in previous years.
Noah Poponak: 26:33 Okay. Just honing in on that aviation margin again, I mean, with the way that was forecasted to start the year, it was sort of a low 20% incremental for the year. It's over 40% in the quarter. There's a strong pricing environment. You have low capacity utilization and volume coming into that. It would seem like you could have a better, better incrementals than you've had in the past for a period here. Recognizing your point on the mix in the quarter. I mean just what's your latest thinking on where those incrementals can land as you move through the year?
Scott Donnelly: 27:06 Yeah. I mean, we've we always feel like this is probably a 20%, 25% incremental. Absolutely, in the quarter, it was considerably stronger than that. Again, that's largely mix driven. And on a year-over-year basis, the revenue, we're going off relatively low levels, right. I mean, last year's deliveries were light this year are certainly stronger. And so we get some overhead benefit out of all that. So I think we feel great about the margins we delivered in the quarter. I think we'll have a very strong year, but it's you know this was a very strong mixed quarter.
Noah Poponak: 27:43 Okay. And then just on the aviation lead times for customers to buy airplanes. Are there any models that have moved well outside of the time frame where you, you've talked in the past about needing to keep it in a range so as to not lose a customer for having to wait too long for an airplane. Has anything moved out of that range?
Scott Donnelly: 28:09 Well, look, I mean, every customer is different, right, in terms of what their expectations are. For sure there's a lot of customers at this point that the market's changed dramatically in the last year or so, right. So there, folks that would have thought, hey, I can just call up and I can get an aircraft here on a short cycle or finding that that's not the case, right. The lead times are back where they've been historically in this industry. So, look, so I don't. That being said, part of our plans as we talked about going into next year is, we expect we will continue to increase production rates because we certainly don't want to create a situation here where we lose a customer because of timing. So it is a balancing act here, but we need to, we certainly do with this backlog and the demand we continue to see in the market. We will need to continue to increase rates, but I think we want to do that responsibly and work with our suppliers to make sure we don't put ourselves in a bad situation. But, yeah, we will continue to meet production increases to try to avoid that problem.
Noah Poponak: 29:09 Okay. That's excellent. Okay. Thanks so much.
Scott Donnelly: 29:11 Sure.
Operator: 29:12 And our next question is from Peter Arment with Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter Arment: 29:18 Hey. Good morning, Scott, Frank.
Scott Donnelly: 29:21 Good morning, Peter.
Peter Arment: 29:22 Hey, Scott. On the aftermarket, so I think Frank mentioned 38% of the mix in the quarter. I'm just curious that how you see that kind of sustaining or what's really behind the step up there? I know that a lot of flight activity, but if the flight activity continues, should we expect that just kind of continue to flow through. Maybe just a little more color on that?
Scott Donnelly: 29:41 Sure. Well, Peter, the flying hours are very strong, obviously, and that ultimately drives our aftermarket revenue as we all know. I don't I'm not predicting a change in that. I think we continue to see very robust flying hours. And so I think our service business, aftermarket business will stay strong through the whole course of the year. It's more about the OEM original equipment side ramping up, which is just going to change that ratio as opposed to an expectation that aftermarket will go down. So it's just on a percentage basis at 38%. That's pretty strong, right? We're normally in that in the low 30s in terms of our aftermarket.
Frank Connor: 30:16 Yeah. Full year aftermarket last year was 29% of kind of total revenues.
Scott Donnelly: 30:20 So it's a function. We have a numerator and denominator here, right. I think this is just the numerator is going to grow on the OE side. So the mix will change a little bit. But I certainly have no reason to believe the aftermarket isnt going to stay strong through the whole year.
Peter Arment: 30:37 That's helpful. Then just we're hearing on lot of the calls about just pressure with the supply chain, particularly in aerospace. You guys didn't really call it out, but I'm sure you're dealing with it. How would you characterize kind of that?
Scott Donnelly: 30:48 Peter, it's everybody's dealing with supply chain challenges. I think our team does a great job of managing from issue to issue. As I said, we're a little bit behind schedule on a couple of things is just ramping up employees, our suppliers ramping up employees. It continues to be a challenge. I mean there's most things we're able to work our way through. There's a couple out there where we've got a couple of critical suppliers, unfortunately, had some supply chain, there are suppliers that were in Russia. And that's created some issues that we see some suppliers are having to go resource. The good news is at least on a couple of critical ones, they've got suppliers that have built those parts before. But it created a gap, right? Because all that not just finished goods, but stuff that was work-in-process and these Russian suppliers is basically unavailable to us as a result of the sanctions. So we're kind of got a transition in resource to somebody who knows how to do it, but it creates a gap and we'll have to manage our way through that gap. 31:50 Again, the timing of, does it affect an aircraft or a few aircraft here or there? I mean, I think we are kind of expecting that. I think our financials can hold together. But there are certainly some aircraft from a timing standpoint that we see at risk. The good news is most of these things are things where we can continue our production processes and build the aircraft, paint, do everything, and it's something that can be incorporated very late in the game. So I think we'll be able to catch up pretty quickly once the flow of some of those things starts again, but it's an everyday thing. Peter, I think I see for the most part we work through it. There's going to be a couple items here or there that could impact us by a few aircraft and we'll have to manage our way through that.
Peter Arment: 32:30 Appreciate all the details. Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: 32:31 Sure.
Operator: 32:34 Next, we go to the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Scott Donnelly: 32:40 Cai, you might be on mute. Hello?
Cai von Rumohr: 32:49 Yeah. Excuse me. I'm here. I was on mute, correct. So Pipistrel basically has focused on fixed wing applications and lift cruise cargo designs. And you guys, to the extent you've kind of shown models have focused on tiltrotor for the UAM market. As you put these two together, what do you think are the target markets that are of greatest interest to you?
Scott Donnelly: 33:21 Well, it's a great question, Cai. I think that I think there's a broad range of applications for electric and hybrid electric aircraft. UAM kind of sort of hijacked that story here for a long time. And that market is probably a very real market. It could be a huge market and certainly one that we want to play in. But from my perspective is by no means the only market for electric or hybrid electric aircraft. As you mentioned, the cargo, like, we have a lot of interest from customers to talk about doing unmanned cargo. And to this point, a lot of them are trying to figure out how do you take existing platforms and unmanned them. 33:59 There's good work going on in that space, but I don't know if that's the answer. I think that some of the work that Pipistrel has done, architecturally, frankly, what they're doing in the cargo space is not unlike some of what we've done with some smaller aircraft in the unmanned world for the military side, but the work Pipistrel has done, this is a serious cargo machine. It's kind of 1,000 pound of utilization. So there's, those are some of the things that we'd like to add additional R&D to try to accelerate bringing some of that to the market. There's some other work in sort of more traditional GA aircraft that could be electric or hybrid electric. 34:38 So I think that this is, certainly there's a bet here for us, Cai, on the UAM side and a mega market opportunity that we need to play in. But by no means this is the only one. I think some of the stuff that Pipistrel has done, everything from pure electric for the trainer to cargo to GA of all sorts. These are all opportunities that we're looking at pretty hard. And I think, frankly, some of them will happen faster than the UAM market is going to happen.
Cai von Rumohr: 35:07 Great. So if you think about it, with the FAA today being a lot tougher on what you have to do to get things certified and you got a lot of targets. I mean, if you look at the other guys who are focusing on UAM, I mean, we're talking three, four years, from vision to actual getting certified. So that would imply, if you're really going after that, a fair lift in terms of your R&D spend. So do you have any rough sense in terms of what kind of an envelope that's in? Like, does this go to a 100 million, could it go to 200 million because the potential is so big? How should we think about that?
Scott Donnelly: 35:58 Well, Cai, we'll sort of work through that here year by year. And obviously, part of our objective on creating the separate segment is to give you guys good visibility into where what kind of investment we're placing into that space. Does it become that big a number couple of hundred. Probably not in my view. Remember when we've talked a little bit about this before, right. We don't when you look at some of the amount of money that some companies are spending in the space, it's facilities and building out factories. And it's a lot of infrastructure that, frankly, we already have. So I think, our investments will be much like they traditionally are for one of our aircraft programs, which is the engineering resources and some tooling to the extent that we need to do that. But we can leverage an awful lot of what we already have. 36:45 But anyway, look, you guys will get good visibility because of the breakout of this segment into what those investments are. Obviously, we're very open to talking about that and showing those kinds of numbers. But the certification issues, look, I think people don't understand what that process is all about, right. We just certified the SkyCarrier as a Part 23 aircraft, this past quarter, we know the Part 23 process. Yes, it's challenging. Any certification program is very challenging, but it's something we work through all the time. So I think we know how to navigate through that process and work with the FAA to get there. And obviously, now with Pipistrel similarly, they understand that process and have worked out and frankly, have already certified an electric aircraft with the office. So I think the regulatory framework is one that a lot of people don't understand. I think we do understand it.
Cai von Rumohr: 37:38 Terrific. Thank you very much.
Scott Donnelly: 37:41 Sure.
Operator: 37:42 Next, we go to Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kristine Liwag: 37:48 Hey, good morning, guys.
Scott Donnelly: 37:49 Good morning.
Frank Connor: 37:50 Good morning.
Kristine Liwag: 37:52 In terms of inflation, can you discuss the effect of that on your reporting segments? And then also, where do you have a stronger ability to pass through on pricing and which ones are you more concerned about?
ScottDonnelly: 38:09 Well, look, we obviously will disclose price versus inflation. I think in most of our businesses, our guys are doing a really nice job of recognizing that the where the inflation is and we're getting priced to offset that not just here in the near-term, but in how we're pricing products that are delivering out into the future with reasonable expectations about what the inflationary environment will look like. So, I mean, as much as this is sort of new territory, it's kind of just what it is, right. The inflation is very real and we have to get priced to offset that. And then, we've been doing that. So, look, it's harder if you've had some government fixed price contracts that are you're working through that, put a little more pressure on it. But clearly, as we price and bid new programs, we factor in that inflationary pressure to that as well. So I think, in general, we talk about it a lot. I think our teams are very sensitive to what's going on from an inflationary standpoint and understand the need to get price to offset.
Kristine Liwag: 39:09 Thanks, Scott. And maybe following up on eVTOL, when you look at some of these new players coming into the market trying to build the airplane, but at the same time, they're pursuing these strategic partnerships around the world with ridesharing companies, other tech companies, trying to figure out the distribution side on the direct to consumer relationship. How do you think the go-to market of an eVTOL business would be similar or different to what you do for Cessna or for Bell?
Scott Donnelly: 39:39 Well, look, I think it'll be very, very similar, right? I mean, we have relationships with companies today, obviously, where we have fleet programs into fractional, for instance, or other charter operators or big cargo operating companies. I mean, we do this as a normal course of business. So I think, I don't worry about that at all. I mean, I see all these announcements and people are talking about things that are years into the future and business models that aren't well defined yet. I just we don't need to do that, right. When you talk about direct consumer, for us, that's easy. We do that every single day, right. We sell Cessna 172s and 182s and 206s and Bonanzas, by the way. Obviously, part of what we're doing with Pipistrel is leveraging that sales team all around the world that's selling our aircraft today under the Cessna in the Beechcraft Brands. We'll also be out there selling and servicing the Pipistrel brand. 40:33 But I think specifically around eVTOL, as this market evolves and the business starts to build. We will absolutely be a player in that. And I'm not worried at all about our access to those customers and ability to sell our product to those customers. It's what we do.
Kristine Liwag: 40:53 Great. Thanks for the color, Scott.
Scott Donnelly: 40:55 Sure.
Operator: 40:57 And we have no other questions. You may continue.
Eric Salander: 41:03 Okay. So why don't you just give them the replay number and that will end the call.
Operator: 41:11 Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference is available for digitized replay starting today at 10 A.M. Eastern Time and will be available through October 26 at midnight. You may access the digitized replay by calling 1-866-207-1041 and enter the access code of 5894411. Again, that dial-in number for the replay is 1-866-207-1041 with the access code of 5894411. And that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q4 2021 Textron Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Eric Salander, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Eric Salander: Thanks, Brad. And good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO, and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Revenues in the quarter were $3.3 billion, down from $3.7 billion in last year's fourth quarter. During this year's fourth quarter, we reported income from continuing operations of $0.93 per share. In the quarter, we recorded $5 million in pretax special charges related to our 2020 restructuring plan, or $0.01 per share after tax. Excluding these special charges, adjusted income from continuing operations, a non-GAAP measure, was $0.94 per share for the fourth quarter of 2021 compared to $1.06 per share in the fourth quarter of 2020. Segment profit in the quarter was $310 million, down $14 million from the fourth quarter of 2020. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions totaled $298 million in the quarter.  For the full year, revenues were $12.4 billion, up $731 million from last year. Adjusted income from continuing operations was $3.30 per share compared to $2.07 per share in 2020. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $1.1 billion, up from $596 million in 2020.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott. 
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric. And good morning, everyone. Our business closed out the year with another solid quarter. In Aviation, we continue to see favorable market conditions, including improved aircraft utilization, low pre-owned inventory levels and strong customer demand. Order activity remained very strong, with backlog growth of $655 million in the quarter and $2.5 billion for the full year, resulting in a $4.1 billion backlog at year end. As a result, we delivered aircraft on a more linear trend for the year, which improved manufacturing efficiency and cash flow generation. Reflecting this improvement operating environment, strong execution of our teams, Aviation achieved a segment margin of 10.1% in the fourth quarter. For the year, we delivered 167 jets, up from 132 last year, and 125 commercial turboprops, up from 113 in 2020. Also in the year, we saw sequentially higher aftermarket revenue on a quarterly basis, driven by increased aircraft utilization.  Moving to defense, aviation was awarded $143 million contract for eight AT-6 aircraft, ground support equipment, spare parts and training from the Royal Thai Air Force. This contract establishes Thailand as the international launch customer for the US Air Force's latest light attack aircraft.  On the new product front, the Beechcraft Denali completed its first flight in November, launching the start of the flight test program.  At Bell, revenues were down slightly in the quarter, largely on lower military revenues as expected, reflecting the continued wind down of the H1 production program, partially offset by higher commercial revenues.  In December, Bell completed the first install improvement modifications on an Air Force CV-22 Osprey. This effort is part of an ongoing process to upgrade the Air Force's Osprey fleet.  In January, the Bell Boeing program offices awarded a $1.6 billion contract over the next five years to support the V-22 Osprey currently in service with the US military.  On the commercial side of Bell, we delivered 156 helicopters in 2021, up from 140 in 2020. We also saw solid commercial order activity for the year, reflecting broad-based demand. Moving to Textron Systems, we saw another strong quarter of execution that contributed to a full-year margin of 14.8%, up 320 basis points from 2020. During the quarter, we delivered the fourth Ship-to-Shore Connector to the US Navy after a successful completion of acceptance trials.  On the Shadow program, Systems was awarded an $82 million logistics support contract for 2022. On our common unmanned surface vessel platform, we completed final testing related to the Unmanned Inuence Sweep System program, setting up potential for a production contract award in the first quarter of 2022.  Moving to Industrial, revenues were lower in the quarter as we continue to experience supply chain challenges, including order disruptions at Kautex related to global auto OEM production schedules.  At Textron Specialized Vehicles, we continue to see a strong pricing environment and steady retail demand. Despite the ongoing supply chain challenges, both businesses saw sequential revenue improvements in the quarter. In summary, there were many items to highlight in 2021 across our segments. At Aviation, strong order activity and customer demand throughout the year drove $2.5 billion of backlog growth. On the new product front, we continued our product refresh strategy with the introduction of the Citation M2 XLS and CJ4 Gen2 aircraft.  The Cessna SkyCourier completed the flight test program, with 2,100 hours of flight test activity, and we expect FAA certification in the first half of 2022.  At Bell, we continued our work on the FDL programs. We submitted a proposal for the FLRAA program in September and the US Army is expected to award the FLRAA program contract in 2022. On FARA, we've made significant progress on the 360 Invictus prototype build, with 75% of the effort complete at year-end.  We opened the Bell Manufacturing Technology Center, an innovative proving ground, to test and refine technologies and processes across Bell's core production capabilities.  Textron Systems, ATAC continued to grow its fleet of certified F1 aircraft in support of increased demand on US Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps tactical air programs. We continued our innovation and development activities, with the rollout of the Ripsaw M5 prototype vehicle for the US Army and the Cottonmouth ARV for the Marine Corps.  At Textron Specialized Vehicles, we entered into a strategic collaboration with GM, which will assist our ground support equipment business in the electrification of baggage tractors, cargo tractors and belt loaders for use in airports globally.  We also introduced the Liberty, the industry's first PTV to offer four forward-facing seats in a compact golf car sized platform powered by lithium ion battery.  At Kautex, in 2021, we were awarded eight contracts on new vehicle programs for our hybrid electric fuel systems.  Looking to 2022. At Aviation, we're projecting growth driven by increased deliveries across all product lines and higher aftermarket volume. At Bell, 2022 represents the beginning of a transitional period as we expect lower revenues related to military production programs, while awaiting a down-select and award on the FLRAA program.  At Systems, we're expecting flat revenue with growth on ship-to-shore and tactical air programs, offset by lower fee-for-service volume.  At Industrial, we're expecting revenue growth and margin improvement. Within Kautex, we expect increasing volumes from improving OEM auto production, while at Specialized Vehicles, we anticipate improving supply chain conditions and increasing volumes across our products.  Earlier in 2021, we launched our eAviation initiative to leverage the resources and expertise across our aviation businesses to develop new opportunities in aircraft, utilizing electric propulsion systems.  In 2022, we plan to expand these efforts and increase our investment in developing technologies to accelerate the shift to sustainable flight, including eVTOL and fixed wing aircraft.  With this backdrop, we're projecting revenues of about $13.3 billion for Textron's 2022 financial guidance. We're projecting EPS in the range of $3.80 to $4 per share. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions is expected to be in the range of $700 million to $800 million.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank. 
Frank Connor : Thanks, Scott. And good morning, everyone. Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation.  Revenues at Textron Aviation of $1.4 billion were down $201 million from a year ago, largely due to lower aircraft volume, partially offset by higher aftermarket volume. Segment profit was $137 million in the fourth quarter, up $29 million from last year's fourth quarter, largely due to favorable pricing net of inflation of $21 million and improved manufacturing performance. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $4.1 billion.  Moving to Bell. Revenues were $858 million, down $13 million from last year, reflecting lower military revenues, partially offset by higher commercial revenues. Segment profit of $88 million was down $22 million, primarily due to lower military volume and mix. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $3.9 billion. At Textron Systems, revenues were $313 million, down $44 million from last year's fourth quarter due to lower volume, which included the impact from the US Army's withdrawal from Afghanistan on the segment's fee for service contracts. Segment profit of $45 million was down $4 million from a year ago, largely due to the lower volume. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $2.1 billion.  Industrial revenues were $781 million, down $85 million from last year, reflecting lower volume and mix of $133 million, largely in the fuel systems and functional components product line, reflecting order disruptions related to the global auto OEM supply chain shortages, partially offset by a favorable impact of $50 million for pricing, largely in the Specialized Vehicles product line. Segment profit of $38 million was down $17 million from the fourth quarter of 2020, primarily due to lower volume and mix, partially offset by favorable impact from performance.  Finance segment revenues were $11 million and profit was $2 million.  Moving below segment profit, corporate expenses and interest expense were each $29 million. Our manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $298 million in the quarter and $1.1 billion for the full year.  In the quarter, we repurchased approximately 4.5 million shares, returning $335 million in cash to shareholders. For the full year, we repurchased approximately 13.5 million shares, returning $921 million of cash to shareholders.  Turning now to our 2022 outlook. I'll begin with the segments on slide 8 of the earnings presentation. At Textron Aviation, we're expecting revenues of about $5.5 billion, reflecting higher deliveries across all our product lines and increased aftermarket volume. Segment margin is expected to be in the range of approximately 10% to 11%, reflecting higher volume, favorable pricing and increased operating leverage.  Looking to Bell, we expect revenues of about $3 billion, reflecting lower military volume primarily related to lower H1 production. We're forecasting a margin in the range of about 10% to 11%, largely due to the lower military volumes and continuing high levels of R&D investment.  At Systems, we're estimating revenues of about $1.3 billion, with a margin in the range of about 13.5% to 14.5%.  At Industrials, we're expecting segment revenues of about $3.5 billion on higher volumes at Kautex and Specialized Vehicles. We're estimating Industrial margins to be in the range of about 5.5% to 6.5%.  At Finance, we're forecasting segment profits of about $15 million.  Moving to slide 9, on a consolidated basis, we're expecting earnings per share to be in the range of $3.80 to $4 per share. We're also expecting manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions to be about $700 to $800 million, which includes an approximately $300 million impact from a change in the R&D tax law beginning in 2022.  Looking to slide 10, we're projecting about $150 million of corporate expense, which includes $30 million of investment in eAviation. We're also projecting about $120 million of interest expense and a full-year effective tax rate of approximately 18%.  Looking to the other items and turning to slide 11. We're estimating 2022 pension income to be about $120 million, up from $30 million last year.  Turning to slide 12, R&D is expected to be about $585 million, down from $619 million last year. We're estimating CapEx will be about $425 million, up from $375 million in 2021. Our outlook assumes an average share count of about 219 million shares in 2022.  That concludes our prepared remarks. So, Brad, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question today comes from the line of Peter Arment with Baird.
Peter Arment: Scott, maybe you could just describe kind of the level of where you think bizjet production or jet production is going to in 2022? In the fourth quarter, did you have any kind of challenges from the supply chain that had any jets move into the year 2022? 
Scott Donnelly: As we've talked about, we have been ramping up the production rate. We continue to do that and expect to continue to do that throughout the course of 2022. The backlog has been very strong. We still see robust demand in the marketplace. So, I think it remains very favorable from a market condition. We haven't had problems  I shouldn't say we haven't had problems. The guys always had to work through supplier issues here and there. But, no, we did not have that impact our production rates or impact any 2022 deliveries. The ramp rate continues. We're bringing people on board every month and training and continuing to bring them on our human resources in our own business. We continue to work with suppliers as they meet those ramp rates as well.  I think as we look forward, again, look, we're coming out of the year with somewhere around 12-month backlog. We like that. I think that's very healthy for us. And I think it's very healthy for our customers, right? So, it's really how the business should run. It gives you much better visibility. It allows customers the opportunity to go sell their used aircraft for many of whom who are upgrading an aircraft. It gives them a lot more time to specify options, Interiors, and paints, and all the things involved in that process. And it allows us to cut all those things into the production line in a very efficient way, rather than having a bunch of rework and changes towards the end to accommodate a customer need.  So, I think keep an eye on that 12-month. Again, if that's kind of for our class of aircraft, that makes a lot of sense to us. And I think it makes sense to our customers. So as the year goes on, and obviously, we will keep a close eye on the demand environment, and we'll continue to make adjustments as we see fit. But I think we're very happy with where we are at the backlog levels that we have. I think, as I said, it works for us. It makes for a much more efficient, cleaner, easier to operate, more linear business, and I think it's been good for customers as well.
Peter Arment: Just as a follow-up to that, Scott. Are you back now do you think, back to the 200 plus jet level on production? Or should we not really look at it that way just given the mix? 
Scott Donnelly: I think  sure, I think, as we've been saying, we think we'll be back to those levels where we were in 2019. And we're probably a little early to guide on our 2023 volumes, but we'll keep an eye on it. But, yeah, for sure, we feel good that we're on track to get back above those 2019 levels. And I think you see that in the revenue guidance.
Peter Arment: Just lastly on CR, if it goes the full year, have you quantified if there's any impact, if any?
Scott Donnelly: Peter, we really haven't. We're still kind of going on the basis that the CR is going to resolve itself here probably in February, into March. If it ends up being a full year thing, I don't think we have any one specific thing we point at. Look, it's not healthy for the industry. It's not healthy for the government. I hope it gets resolved, but we kind of continue to fight through it every day.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: On Bell, revenues are down 8% and margins contracted 158 bps. How do we think about pension given it should be additive to that as well as R&D is lower and how does FLRAA factor into that?
Scott Donnelly: Well, [indiscernible] all the constituent parts, Sheila. There's no doubt that there's some margin compression at Bell. Operationally, that's driven by the fact that we're going to continue to see the H1 program winding down. So, you're losing what's been important production volume for us. We will have some offsets there, obviously. I think we'll have a good year in terms of commercial aircraft deliveries. I think the commercial aftermarket will continue to be better, but I think we're going to see some pressures. Military aftermarket is always a little bit lumpy, but it probably will be a bit of a challenge. But most importantly here, as you know, we've been investing very heavily on the R&D side, particularly around FARA and FLRAA. We do expect, given what we're seeing, that the US Army customer is staying on track with what they've said publicly about the FLRAA evaluation process. It's a huge proposal. It's a lot of work on both sides, but I think it appears they're making good progress. So I think they're probably on track to make an announcement towards the middle of the year as they've been saying. But I will say, what we put in our numbers is I think a reasonable expectation that this is a huge program and it's going to take a little while for it to actually get under contract and turn into something that has revenue associated with it. Right? So, I think we're going to continue to see a pretty high level of R&D in support of that program throughout the balance of  most of this year.  So, that's really what's going on operationally here. We are without a doubt seeing a mix shift from good margin production volumes, particularly associated with the H1 ramp down, with continued high levels of R&D and a sort of a slow transition here, even in the event of FLRAA win to revenue recognition on that program.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen.
Cai von Rumohr: You mentioned the FLRAA downselect in 2022. My understanding was, the expectation was they were going to make that decision by mid-year. Is that still your understanding?
Scott Donnelly: It is, Cai. All I was saying in kind of the response to Sheila's question was that I think they're on track, from what we see in evaluation notices and that process that you'd normally  we're working through on a proposal of this magnitude, I think it's heading in that direction. But there's a difference between announcing who the winner is and actually getting under contract, right? This is a big program. And I think it's going to realistically take some time. And so, therefore, I'm expecting that, even though the announcement might come quite possibly at the end of Q2, let's say, transitioning that into actual being on contract is going to take a little bit of time. And our assumption is, we're not going to go disband that team. So, we're going to have to continue to do part of the cost share funding to retain that team until such time as we get under contract.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: And then, at Textron, I know that pricing, you mentioned, is strong, but did pricing improve in that quarter versus Q3? And maybe if you can tell us how many price hikes did you have in 2021 and where have you had one in 2022?
Scott Donnelly: I guess the dialogue really, Cai, is around price realization, right? So, we've for a long time  you're negotiating these deals. So, yeah, pricing certainly continued to be strong in Q4. You'll see that indicated, right about $29 million of positive price, and so well ahead of inflation. And, yep, we're still continuing to improve on our on our realized price. And I expect that to continue on this year as well.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Frank, one for you. So, in kind of reading through the release, I think you mentioned that your cash flow numbers assumes a $300 million hit from R&D credit amortization. So, you're basically assuming that, whereas Lockheed and RTX did not, is that correct?
Frank Connor: It looks like different folks are handling this differently. There's kind of some dialogue around the interpretation of what might be capitalized and what might not be capitalized. I'd say that kind of we are on  we've taken an approach that is on the more conservative end of things, I think, in terms of looking at the cash impact, and have included it in our guide. So, it's $300 million, as I said, and that would be the full impact with the larger range of impact associated with how people are looking to assess how this gets implemented.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: Frank, just to stay there for a sec, I understand if you're being conservative in laying out a forecast to all of us. But what did you think of what Lockheed said there, because they had originally been talking about an impact similar in percentage terms as what you've laid out here, but now they're saying that it only applies to where they've had R&D tax credit in the past? Do you think that's incorrect? Or it's just still being evaluated and that may be correct? 
Frank Connor: I think there's dialogue in the tax community, as I understand it, around the interpretation of this, and I think, yeah, we're all hoping it gets fixed, is the real answer that we're  kind of there's a lot of dialogue around this. This is not good for companies investing in R&D, and the focus of the nation on continuing to invest for the future. And so, we're all hopeful it gets fixed, but there are different interpretations that are being discussed in the tax community around the application of it. 
Scott Donnelly: All we're trying to be is transparent, right? So, if they do the right thing  and I mean, look, this is ridiculous, right? The whole purpose of the R&D tax credit is to incentivize R&D. And by not allowing you to do that, that sort of defeats the whole purpose for this thing. So, we're transparent. We're giving you guys the numbers. The day a bill passes that repeals it or removes it or some interpretation, we'll immediately add that to our guidance. 
Noah Poponak: But it can still be considerably smaller even without a bill that actually changes the law and where it's just a different accounting interpretation.
Scott Donnelly: That would have to get resolved as we look at what our cash tax payments are and how we would handle that and the risk associated with that. Right? So, I'd say that kind of, as we sit here today, our expectation is that if the R&D tax credit does not get changed completely that this will be our approach to the implementation of what is the law today.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard: Scott or Frank, I'm not sure who this is for, what you said so far about the aviation outlook sounds pretty positive for margins, not just this year, but the future year as well in terms of pricing and a steadier production rate, longer lead times. What's your latest prognosis on incremental margins maybe over the, say, two, three-year period?
Scott Donnelly: Robert, we've always said that these conversions ought to be somewhere in that 20% to 25%, and I think that's what we're realizing. So, you look at the guide, you're getting a nice revenue increase and good leverage to the bottom line associated with that.
Robert Stallard: So, you are moving towards the top end of that range, you say, is a fair assumption with this pricing coming through?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think as time goes on, we'll continue to see the margins expand, if we continue to see this kind of revenue growth, because I do think we'll be able to convert in those 20%, 25% incrementals. 
Frank Connor: There's new programs coming in, like SkyCourier and Denali over time, and things that have impact on things. So there's some variability as we look at mix, but generally, as Scott said, it's consistent with what we've been talking about.
Robert Stallard: As a follow-up, in the industrial division, relative to what you said three months ago, have these got any better on the supply chain?
Scott Donnelly: I think they're kind of where they were. I think we're expecting that we'll see a little bit of a  the bad news with this Omicron is if you looked into our factories, our supplier factories, the last week or so or December into January, you saw this crazy high spike, which clearly has impacted operations. The good news here is we're seeing that line of cases come down just as dramatically as it went up. But I think, realistically speaking, we'll see some of the impact of that trickle through here in the first quarter or so. But I think as we progress through the year, it's certainly our expectation that we'll see that improve, and that's what we reflected in the guide. So, you have probably a slower realization of that, and certainly in the first quarter going into the second. But all in all, we'll see improvement as we go through the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. 
David Strauss: Scott and Frank, you touched on Bell and the pressure there from the military [Technical Difficulty]. If you were to happen to not win FLRAA or FARA, what is the longer term outlook for the military business of Bell?
Scott Donnelly: Look, if you don't win any new military programs, that's a challenge for the military program for sure. But, look, we've talked a lot about FLRAA, and I certainly don't want to underestimate the impact and the importance of FLRAA to the future of Bell. That's something we've been working very hard at, and we think we're in a good place. But, obviously, it's a competitive program. But as you noted, we're also working on FARA, we've got high-speed VTOL. There's a number of investments that we're making to  there are opportunities. We've got maritime strike in the Navy and FARA programs in the Marine Corps, there's certainly a lot of other opportunities beyond FLRAA. But, look, FLRAA is an important program for us, for sure.
David Strauss: Frank, can you  obviously, you highlighted the R&D impact. What is your working capital assumption kind of underlying that $700 million to $800 million free cash flow forecast? I guess, looks like capital deployment, you're talking about maybe buying back $500 million, $600 million in stock. But based on that, you're going to be kind of half a times levered by the end of the year. So, how are you thinking about longer term capital deployment and where you want the balance sheet to be? 
Frank Connor: From a working capital standpoint, we're looking at kind of flattish working capital ex the tax number, which does impact working capital. But kind of as you look at the other elements from an inventory payables, receivables, things like that, we think we will likely see a little bit of inventory growth associated with ramp in the commercial businesses, but we think we can offset that in other places. So, continued good working capital performance.  In terms of cash flow, cash deployment remains the same. Certainly, we look at, obviously, R&D and investment back into the business. We outlined that. So, we've modeled in some number for acquisition activity that we always do. But the rest of the free cash flow would go towards share repurchase activity. The number in our model in terms of share count actually has our share repurchase a little bit back-end loaded. So, we're roughly thinking about share repurchase that is in line with the  from a dollar standpoint, with the amount of repurchase activity that we undertook this past year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research.
George Shapiro: Scott, last year, at this point, you projected Aviation revenue at $4.5 billion. So, you guys are quite good on that. But you projected profitability of 5.5%. We wind up with 8.3% and the incremental is effectively like 60%. For your current projection, you're in line with what you're saying, 24% incremental. But my question is, what caused last year to be so good, particularly the fourth quarter where revenues were down and profit was way up. And so, is there upside to that 10% to 11% margin guide for this year?
Scott Donnelly: Comparables going back to 2020, obviously, 2020 was a pretty extraordinary year. So, you would expect to see a lot better overall performance into 2021 as things kind of returned to normal. So, that's why I think we're back into that world where you're talking about these 20%, 25% incrementals on the business. We continue being in a strong pricing environment. We've been in a strong pricing environment all year, which obviously is helpful. And again, as I mentioned, having the strength of the backlog we hadn't seen in a very long time, it really has helped to run the plants much more efficiently and effectively. So, I think we have all those things  are tailwinds to us. But we've got our way into 2022 here and keep our heads down and keep delivering. And if we can drive additional margin, obviously, we have a reasonable way to do that.
George Shapiro: Just one quick one, Frank. How much was aftermarket actually up in the quarter?
Frank Connor: Aftermarket, on a year-over-year basis, was up at Aviation 20% year-over-year and sequentially was up 6%.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Peter Skibitski with Alembic Global.
Peter Skibitski: Scott, just want to tease out how much visibility you have right now in the business jet marketplace with the incredible backlog growth you've seen this year and your delivery skyline that you have planned. Do you think you could work any of that backlog down this year, by the end of the year or could backlog stay flat? Could it grow? Do you have any sense of how hot the market is?
Scott Donnelly: I would say the market is pretty hot. And you see that again. Q4, where we've got  it's kind of 1.7 sort of numbers. So, that that's good. All I would say, Pete, is I think we like that visibility of being able to look out over a month and understand that skyline of deliveries by models. And, again, it's so important to us to be able to work in an efficient way. But, look, our salespeople are out there selling hard every day. And so, if we get the visibility where we start looking at  being able to look out even further into the future, then we'll look at continuing to increase production rates. But I don't think we want to do something stupid and try to go radically accelerate production rates and then burn down backlog and then you're back where you were where you don't have that visibility and don't have those efficiencies. Again, I don't I don't think it's healthy for the industry, to customers, or our companies. So, I think that's sort of what we'll keep our eye on, right, those timelines have kind of kind of come back to normal historicals in terms of what a customer's expectation is from the time that they start a process of buying and when they want to take a delivery for the aircraft. And I think we're in a good place right now. And we should keep it there. 
Peter Skibitski: Just one last one. Where are we in the commercial helicopter cycle? And will the 525 be certified this year?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think the commercial helicopter is, as we've seen, similar to what we've seen in aviation. We've seen a nice solid demand. We saw good delivery increases. We'll see that again in what we've guided you in the 2022 numbers. Look, 525 clearly has been a disappointment for us in terms of our ability to get that through certification. I think there's been a lot of good work done this year. I think we're on a good path. You've probably seen some of the stuff that's been out there in the press where, in addition to working the basic cert, we're starting to do the ICE certification because so many of our customers will need that capability. So, we're paralleling those tasks right now. And, yep, certainly, we expect to get that certification done this year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Melius.
Robert Spingarn: Scott, would you be able to parse out the demand within Aviation, perhaps across the portfolio, where you see the strength? And then, also talk about the different types of customers, the corporates versus the individuals versus the fleet operators? 
Scott Donnelly: I guess the color I could give is to say that jets leads the way. That's been the strongest demand environment. I would say that the demand is very robust in both the individual buyer, whether that's a corporation or a high net worth individual, as well as, obviously, the fractional market is very strong right now. So, we're seeing a lot of demand through our partnership with NetJets. So, again, jets, virtually, across the board, in terms of jet models, from entry level all the way up through longitudes, it's quite strong. Turboprops is also strong, but not as strong as jets. And I would say, part of that reason is, as you guys know, that our jet business is usually  the biggest chunk of that market is North America where we see very robust demand. A smaller part of that market is outside the US. They're still a little bit behind. There is demand there, but it's not quite as robust as North America.  When you look at turboprops, and specifically when you look into the King Airs, for instance, now that's a market that for us historically is stronger outside the US than inside the US. So, it's strong, but, frankly, it's marginally led right now by North America because, again, the North American recovery has been so strong. So, we have seen that that outside of the US market picking up and are seeing that demand, and so it is better than one to one, it's good. But I would say in terms of color, jets is certainly leading the way.
Robert Spingarn: Just quickly on the specialty vehicle side, wanted to ask how the inventories are. I think you touched on it. But with the supply chain issues, it gets a little obscured. Is the takedown or the sell-through of snowmobiles has been good this season? And what's the outlook for the dirt market?
Scott Donnelly: Yeah, it is. Look, the demand environment is very strong, guys. The only challenge we have is supply chain. If I could get more parts and build more machines, the stuff sells through the market. It's our only frustration right now, is being able to get more stuff out there to dealers. I'd say, look, on a year-over-year basis, we actually saw improved volumes through the tractor channel, which is terrific, but it could have been even better if we get more machines out there. So, this is certainly not a demand problem. It's a supply chain problem.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag from Morgan Stanley.
Kristine Liwag: As the backlog builds in Aviation, can you talk about how you're managing potential inflation risk, especially if we see raw materials and labor prices at elevated level? How much is a straightforward pass through in terms of escalation clauses? And how much would you try to offset with lower costs?
Scott Donnelly: Obviously, our intent here is to keep pricing, net of inflation, a positive number. And so, we do certainly see inflationary pressure. I think everybody in the world is seeing that come through to one degree or another. Some businesses have more long-term agreements than others, which helps to cushion that a little bit. Some are more exposed to logistics and transportation costs, which are virtually immediate, but we respond to a lot of that. In the businesses where that's a problem, we put freight surcharges out there right away. So, we're very, very conscious of the inflationary pressures and have, I think, good plans and actions around prices and surcharge to try to more than offset that.
Kristine Liwag: Maybe on Bell, with the program roll off and with FLRAA, if you win that contract, upside is really farther down the line. Is there a path back to a 12% Bell margin in the next few years?
Scott Donnelly: Look, I don't know. I won't go beyond probably 2022 guidance, but we've been saying for a very long time that we expect Bell as sort of a 10% to 12% margin business. We've obviously been well above that, as we had a lot of strong multi-year production programs where we could drive efficiencies and gain the benefits of that. But on the other side of that coin, when you see some of the ramp downs, it's more pressure to be in that range. And that's where you see us today.  So, clearly, some of these programs, even when you talk about EMD programs of the magnitude like FLRAA, there's still pressure when you unwind some of these large production programs. But, again, I think it's too early, obviously, to think about how we would guide in the 2023 or 2024. It'll depend a lot on mix. There's still opportunities out there for increased production on some of our military programs. We don't know what the aftermarket is going to look like on some of those programs. So, we've got to kind of adjust every year. But I think 10% to 12% is what we said for a long time. And I think that's probably the reality where that business will be.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Ronald Epstein: Scott, I was wondering if you'd share some of your thoughts on eVTOL. We've seen some of the publicly traded eVTOL companies just get crushed. Boeing just dropped about half a billion dollars into risk. Arguably, you're probably one of the more experienced companies at this, given that you do have a vertical lift business. You do deal with kind of smaller vertical lift aircraft. Just curious what your sense is on the market and how you think about it for Textron?
Scott Donnelly: Ron, I think we're in a better position than anyone to go execute on these market opportunities. We're doing that. I think the advantage for us is that we have already, in the company, the infrastructure and the talent to do these sorts of things. So, I don't need to announce half a billion dollar investments. I think we've indicated to you guys, we're going to probably have $30 million that we're putting in this year. But I can spend my money on actual engineering capability and designing stuff. I don't need to be building hangars and office spaces and test laboratories and all that sort of stuff. I have all that stuff, right? So, we have a lot of technology leverage that comes out of our flight controls side of Bell that's been doing tiltrotor, which is kind of what these guys look like, are baby tiltrotors. We know how to design and build and certify a Part 23 aircraft. Look, I just think our approach on here is spend the money we need to spend, to invest in the technology, we've talked before the battery density issues, I think you have to have a practical product. And so, we're working with a lot of different angles and battery cell suppliers to try to understand this thing. There's a number of things we're looking at to strengthen, frankly, that part of our business. We don't really need to strengthen the part of our business that knows how to do tiltrotors, that knows how to do fixed wing aircraft and that weight class and that certification type. But we do need to strengthen our capability on the battery, electric propulsion side of things. So, we're doing all that. I just don't think there's a reason for us to come out and throw dates around when this business model happens. And, frankly, look, I think there's every reason to believe that that eVTOL and urban air mobility could be a very big business. And I think we'd love to supply assets into that business. But I think electrify, frankly, is a lot more than that. Right? There's trainers, there's fixed wing stuff. It's not just all about eVTOL. That could be a monster market, that would be great. But I don't think it's the only market. So, we're taking probably a more pragmatic approach and making the right investments, I think, and looking at opportunities for us to be a big player in that. I think we should be the winner in that space. But I think we can do it with relatively modest investments and leverage the technology that we already have in our company.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with J.P. Morgan.
Seth Seifman: I guess, Scott, I'm not totally sure, but I want to guess that you're probably at least three quarters of the way through the NetJets agreement on Latitudes. And so, how do we think about where that goes from here and the demand level as you sort of approach the end of those 200 aircraft given their importance as a Latitude customer?
Scott Donnelly: That's a good question. I don't recall exactly the numbers. It was a huge order. As you guys know, we put those into backlog as we work with NetJets every quarter on forecasting that sort of 12 to 18-month window that's out there. I don't think we're close enough that we started to have to negotiate another deal, the provisions of how to manage that through the lifecycle of that couple hundred aircraft we've already defined and we're executing to that. I guess, all I would say, I think that the performance of that airplane for NetJets, for their customers has been terrific. The relationship is very strong. It's very healthy. We enjoy working together. And I think when we get to the point where we've got to say the term of that contract in terms of the number of aircraft and I would have every reason we would negotiate an extension to it and keep on going.
Seth Seifman: Maybe following up on Kristine's Bell question, understand that there's no 2023 guidance at this point. But with a FLRAA win, can we assume that 2022 is an EBIT bottom at Bell?
Scott Donnelly: Again, I don't want to guide 2023 just yet. There's a lot of stuff that will happen here through the course of 2022 in terms of other programs and commercial aircraft and aftermarket and all those sorts of things. So, there's a lot of moving parts in the mix that goes into what our EBIT levels look like at Bell and we certainly haven't delved into that at this point.
Operator: And we do have a follow-up question from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: Scott, you first projected that you would recover half of the decline from 2019 to 2020 in Cessna deliveries in 2021. You essentially just reported exactly that, maybe actually slightly light a bit. And you first projected 2022 would get back to 2019 for Cessna units with the fourth quarter of 2020 report. And now, you're guiding to pretty much exactly that. But it seems like the market has strengthened considerably since you first provided those targets that span a two-year period about a year ago. And so, it's sort of the market is strong and understand you want to be prudent about where you go with the production rates here and this has been cyclical in the past. But it sort of seems like the strength, the incremental strength of the last 12 months is not really coming through in those delivery numbers. 
Scott Donnelly: Well, we've tried to provide a guidance and try to hit the expectations on that guidance. We'll look at how the market plays out through the course of the year and what the order rates look like and what we can do that we think we can  if we think we can do additional aircraft, in other words, if the market demand is there, the supplier capability is there  look, we work that every day. So, if there is an opportunity for us to improve upon that and [indiscernible] deliveries, obviously, we'll go down that path. But I think that the guide is appropriate to what we've said. It's supported by the backlog, and that's the plan that we're looking at today. 
Noah Poponak: And do you anticipate seeing bookings in excess of revenue at a rate through 2022 that was similar to what you saw in 2021? 
Scott Donnelly: Look, I don't know. We're looking at awfully strong ratios here in 2021. So, that would be another awfully big backlog build. Look, I'd love to see us continue some backlog build, but is it reasonable to expect, let's say, is that hot through a whole another year? I don't know. If it does, great. And if it does, obviously, we'll continue to tweak our production levels up and our delivery levels up. But that's something I think we'll just keep an eye on that as we go through the course of the year. I'd just be making stuff up to  it's going to be that strong for a whole another year. We'll see how it plays out. Certainly, it has remained robust. If we can sell more, then we'll do it. 
Operator: And our last follow-up question is from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research.
Noah Poponak: Scott, the fourth quarter deliveries being 3 less than the third quarter, I know you talked about wanting to level load them this year, but I would have expected the fourth quarter to be a little bit bigger than the third. So, were there any deliveries that got pushed into 2022 as a result of that? Or that's just how it fell out and that's just what we expect in the future?
Scott Donnelly: No, that's just how it fell out, George. It's not going to be the same number every quarter, obviously, but I think, look, we like the fact that there's a lot more linearity. If you can contrast that to going back and having a lower third quarter and then you get this big spike of tons of deliveries right at the end of our fourth quarter, again, it's not a very healthy way to run a business. So, would we like to be totally flat or a little bit better on sequentials? Okay. But I think at this point in the game, we're delivering to the customer new dates, and that's what we're going to continue to do as we go forward.
Noah Poponak: What is the lead time where you'd have to make a decision to deliver more planes this year? You have the first half of the year to be able to do that or what's the kind of lead time do you need?
Scott Donnelly: Look, George, we've always talked about these being sort of 12 to 18-month kind of things on some of the longest lead. Obviously, we work with those suppliers to try to go down another level or two levels, in some cases, to look at what are the longest lead times in their supply chains and try to mitigate some of those things, so that it gives us a little more flexibility in in ramping as we go through. But there are, obviously, limits to that. So, when we say it's kind of 12 to 18 months is where we'd like to be, obviously, we've tried to mitigate some of those longest lead items, so that we have some flexibility inside of that window. But, look, it's really hard to make much change inside of a six-month window, right? But we have a little bit of wiggle room in that sort of year timeframe.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, today's conference will be available for replay after today at 10 AM Eastern through April 27 at midnight. You may access the AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1-866-207-1041, entering the access code 9339579. International participants may dial 402-970-0847. And those numbers again are 1-866-207-1041 and 402-970-0847. Again, entering the access code 9339579.  That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Conferencing Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Textron Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At t this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Eric Salander, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. .
Eric Salander: Thanks, Brad. And good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings, and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Revenues in the quarter were $3 billion, up from $2.7 billion in last year's third quarter. During this year's third quarter, we reported income from continuing operations of $0.82 per share. Adjusted income from continuing operations, a non-GAAP measure, was $0.85 per share for the third quarter of 2021 compared to $0.53 per share in the third quarter of 2020. Segment profit in the quarter was $279 million, up $90 million from the third quarter of 2020. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions totaled $271 million in the quarter and $851 million year-to-date. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric. And good morning, everyone. We continue to execute well across the company in the quarter. At Aviation, we continue to see a solid recovery in the general aviation market with strong commercial demand, increased deliveries in Citation jets and commercial turboprop's and higher aftermarket volume. We delivered 49 jets, up from 25 last year and 35 commercial turboprop's, up from 21 in last year's third quarter. Order activity in the quarter remained very strong, resulting in backlog growth of $721 million bringing us to $3.5 billion at the quarter end. Also in the third quarter, the Beechcraft King Air 360 and 260 achieved EASA certification and began to deliver customers throughout the region. Continuing with our product strategy of upgrading existing models at NBAA, we recently announced the Citation M2 Gen 2 and the XLS Gen 2 product upgrades. Also on the new product front, Cessna [ph] Sky Courier is continuing to progress through certification with over 1,600 hours of flight test activity and the Beechcraft Denali successfully completed its initial ground engine runs powered by GE's new Catalyst engine. At Bell revenues were down 3% in the quarter, largely on lower military revenues. On the commercial side of Bell, we delivered 33 helicopters, down 41 in last year's third quarter. Moving to Future Vertical Lift. In September, Bell submitted its proposal for the FARA program, a down selected [ph] award is expected in the second quarter of 2022. On FARA, Bell is about 60% of the way through its build of the 360 Invictus Prototype and remains on schedule. Also in the quarter, Bell inducted the first U.S. Air Force CV-22 for its Nacelle Improvement modifications. Moving to Systems. We saw another strong quarter of execution with operating margins at 15.1%, up 190 basis points from last year's third quarter. ATAC continued to expand its fleet of certified F1 aircraft with two additional aircraft entering service in the quarter bringing the total fleet to 19 aircraft at the end of the quarter. The fleet continues to support higher customer demand for adversary air services, driving higher revenues in the quarter. At Air Systems, the team booked $25 million in new orders in the quarter, including both fee-for-service activities, as well as new hardware. Moving to Industrial, overall revenues were lower in the quarter as we continue to experience manufacturing disruptions related to supply chain challenges. In Kautex, we again saw order disruptions related to the global auto OEM supply chain shortages, which have directly impacted production scheduling and resulting in intermittent line shutdowns of manufacturing efficiencies. At Specialized Vehicles, we saw continued strong demand in our end markets with higher pricing, which offset production disruptions from part shortages. To wrap up, Textron delivered a solid quarter with increased aviation backlog, improved manufacturing margins and continued strong cash generation, while working to minimize the impact of supply chain disruptions. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thanks, Scott. And good morning, everyone. Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues at Textron Aviation of $1.2 billion were up $386 million from a year ago, largely due to higher Citation jet volume of $290 million, aftermarket volume of $62 million and commercial turboprop volume of $48 million. Segment profit was $98 million [ph] in the third quarter, up $127 million from a year ago, largely due to the higher volume and mix of $96 million and favorable pricing net of inflation of $22 million. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $3.5 billion. Moving to Bell. Revenues were $769 million, down $24 million from last year, largely reflecting lower military revenues. Segment profit of $105 million was down $14 million, primarily due to lower military revenues. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $4.1 billion. At Textron Systems, revenues were $299 million, down $3 million from last year's third quarter due to lower volume of $39 million at Air Systems, which primarily reflected the impact from the U.S. Army's withdrawal from Afghanistan on its fee-for-service contracts, partially offset by higher volume, primarily at ATAC and Electronic Systems. Segment profit of $45 million was up $5 million to a favorable impact from performance and other. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $2.2 billion. Industrial revenues were $730 million, down $102 million from last year, reflecting lower volume and mix of $156 million, primarily at Fuel Systems and Functional Components, reflecting order disruptions related to the global auto OEM supply shortages, partially offset by favorable impact of $44 million from pricing, largely at Specialized Vehicles. Segment profit of $23 million was down $35 million from the third quarter of 2020, primarily due to the lower volume and mix described above, partially offset by higher pricing net of inflation at Specialized Vehicles. Finance segment revenues of $11 million - were $11 million and profit was $8 million. Moving below segment profit. Corporate expenses were $23 million and interest expense was $28 million. With respect to our 2020 restructuring plan, we recorded pretax charges of $10 million on the special charges line. Our manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $271 million in the quarter and $851 million year-to-date as compared to $129 million for the corresponding 9 month period in 2020. Year-to-date, our cash generation reflects improved working capital management, which includes more linearity in quarterly aircraft deliveries and higher customer deposits at aviation from an increased backlog. In the quarter we repurchased approximately 4.2 million shares, returning $299 million in cash to shareholders. We're raising our expected full year guidance for adjusted EPS to a range of $3.20 to $3.30 per share. This includes revised tax guidance at effective rate of 15.5% for the full year. We're also raising our outlook for manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions to a range of $1 billion to $1.1 billion, up $200 million from our prior outlook, with planned pension contributions of $50 million. That concludes our prepared remarks, so we can open the line for questions.
Operator: And our first question goes to the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hi, thank you. Good morning, Scott, Frank, Eric. Backlog at Aviation was at 3.5, I think, an all-time high since 2010. So maybe can you guys talk about who these customers are? Are they new, what's their rationale for buying a new jet? I'm sure $20 million jet buyers disclose all this info. So if you could share that with us a little bit.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. I think the backlog is fairly broad in terms of the makeup of those customers. It still remains you know, more US-centric. I think when we look at order activity in the quarter on the jet side, it's probably you know, roughly 70% were so domestic versus 30% in international. So I think we'll continue to see the shift. It's a little bit more international, as Europe is starting to pick up and South America is starting to pick up. But it is still more North America-centric. It's probably closer to 50-50 on the turboprops, that's usually been a market where it's - the turboprops [indiscernible] and such Caravans usually end up being more international. I think it will continue to shift that way. But right now, it's closer to 50-50. But obviously, there's a mix of the next year or so deliveries of what we have coming up with NetJets, but we have very strong retail individual customers in there. It's - if I looked at the number of new customers, folks that are coming in buying a jet who have not owned a jet before, that number probably is somewhere around the 20% or so you know, kind of a range, so you know, which is encouraging. We do see a lot of people. As you know, buying a jet when you've not had an aircraft before is a little bit of a daunting task. One of the things we do in our business is we have a whole dedicated team that helps someone who's not owned an aircraft like that before, but wants to do that, we help them with the complex issues of pilots and hangers and insurance and all the things that you have to look at to do that to successfully place that aircraft with a brand new customer. But for sure, we're seeing a lot more interest in demand from those first time buyers than we would historically see.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please go ahead.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
David Strauss: Scott, with the backlog at aviation now and your deliveries year-to-date, I want to see if you could offer an update on how you're thinking about the production plan. I think you had said recovering half of the 2020 drop. It looks like you're tracking well ahead of that. And then your thoughts about going above 2019 levels, just given how extended your backlog is becoming? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Well, David, I mean, I think as we've given color all year long, our expectation was that we would you know, get kind of halfway there this year and get back to the '19 levels in 2022. I think that's still good color to have on it. Obviously, we won't guide until we get into the January time frame. But for sure, the order activity which has been getting stronger as we've worked our way through the year and remained strong, supports that number, and we'll be looking hard at that backlog and that order rate as we finalize our production ramps at aviation. I mean, clearly, right now, we are in the process of ramping up production with the goal, as we stated, to get up to that 2019 level and there's probably room for a little bit beyond that, but we'll give you the final guys when we get into January.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Thanks, so much. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks.
Robert Stallard: Scott, on the aviation side, maybe following up from Sheila's question, have you seen any differences in the order intake between the various aircraft models you have? And also on the aircraft, what's the sort of lead time looking at? Are you getting to the point where some of these planes you know, you have to wait more than 12 months to get them?
Scott Donnelly: So the strength is really across the whole segment, Robert. I mean every model is, I would say, doing very well right now. Order activity and interest in all of them is quite strong. And part of that is you know, we've been putting updates and upgrades. I mean as I said at NBAA, we put the M2, you know, Gen 2 version of that, the Gen2 version of XLS, has been a fabulous aircraft for us for a long time, and it's a really nice update that I think is sparking even greater new interest in that aircraft as well. So it's really across the board. And look, we're not going to get into details on the model by model on the backlog. But as we've said before, I think this business, this industry, frankly, operates better if it's sort of looking at a 9 to 12 month sort of backlog, and that it gives a customer who has an aircraft time to sell the aircraft. It gives them time to specify the interiors and colors and paints. Obviously, it makes it much easier for us in terms of our production forecasting and then smoother production line flow. And as you know, that - historically, that's how that - this industry works. This last decade has been unusual where you're actually having to try to build to forecast instead. So I do think one of the things that we certainly keep in mind as we look at production rates is that we want this business to be out there as sort of a 9 to 12 month kind of a backlog business. So it's a much healthier way to run the business. I think it's better for the customers, again, for their planning perspective and marketing of used aircraft if they already have an aircraft, which is the majority of our customers. So I think that that's a healthy place for the business to be, and that's kind of where I feel like we are right now.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Ronald Epstein with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ronald Epstein: Yeah, good morning. Good morning, guys.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Frank Connor: Good morning.
Ronald Epstein: So Scott, what are you seeing on the pricing front, meaning, I mean, there's demand, right, that's clear. But are your competitors behaving themselves. I mean, how is the broader pricing environment right now?
Scott Donnelly: Look, it's always a competitive market, Ron. But for sure, I think we're seeing a positive pricing environment, as you would expect, right? You have very strong demand. All of the dynamics that we look at in terms of the macro level of the market, are extremely favorable, right? You've got used aircraft available for sale at record low numbers, particularly if you look at something that's sort of less than a 10 year-old aircraft. As you know, that was an issue in this business for a long time, and that's down to kind of below 1% of the fleet, and we're seeing the used aircraft valuations going up, right? So the dynamic overall in pricing is much better than it's been for a very long time. Flight activity is obviously very strong. So we just - we see the demand from everything from charter to memberships to fractionals to the whole aircraft. So I think you have a very, very strong demand environment, you would expect to see better pricing in the environment.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Good morning. Scott, on that, you mentioned you had a $22 million benefit in the quarter from pricing. The incremental margin was 33%, which is very high number. Do you expect that kind of trend to continue?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, there, I think we're going to continue to see good pricing in the industry based on all the dynamics that I just talked about, incremental leverage on volume in this business has typically been sort of in that 25% kind of range. So I think that's a reasonable expectation.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Noah Poponak: Scott, I guess, what is - in aviation, what is the absolute dollar backlog level or backlog to production ratio that you feel you want to maintain sustainably in the business? Where do you want to keep that?
Scott Donnelly: Well, no, as I said, I think that the place we'd like to see this is kind of out in that 9 to 12 months. I think if you get beyond 12 - you have too much beyond 12 months. I mean customers are interested in new aircraft, right? I mean, so I think there's a limit to how far out someone is willing to say, okay, I'm going to wait for a year. It's probably on that shorter side on maybe a smaller aircraft, where there's not as much customization. It's a little quick return. But I think on a larger aircraft, you see it move out on that in more of that 12 months or so. So there's not an absolute dollar number we look at, but we do look at demand model by model. And where we think that backlog that cycle time is reasonable in terms of where - how it fits with our production planning, how it fits with our customer's expectations. And as I said, I think that's it ideally somewhere in that 9 to 12 months, again, some variability on the models, largely a smaller aircraft, probably being on the shorter side of that and things like longitude being in that more than 12 months or so kind of time line.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. It's Tyler on for Seth.
Scott Donnelly: Morning.
Frank Connor: Morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Just on FARA, can you just provide an update just maybe where things stand today, what Textron is doing in the meantime and when we could expect a decision?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. So the FARA program, the proposal went in back at the beginning of September, which was consistent with the army schedule, what their you know, announces that they expect to have an announcement decision and contract with that by the second quarter of next year. So by the end of next year, just kind of our expectations. Remember that the FARA program I feel is a little unique in that we've obviously put an enormous amount of work into getting the proposals submitted. But in parallel with that, we still under are under contract on an OTA. So we are continuing the design development activity towards PDR and that, of course, that work is going on in parallel with the army doing their proposal valuation. So the team obviously kind of worked out on the proposal, and now they're all back hard at work - you know, working towards that next milestone for the program, which will then dovetail into hopefully a program record.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes. Thanks so much. So Scott, obviously, demand is strong in aviation. What are you seeing in terms of commodity price hikes and supplier disruptions that might limit your ability to kind of boost production next year?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we're not - I mean, look, there's always a pop-up problem even in the best of times, right, with managing a supply chain. I would say we're not seeing big issues right now in our - in the supply chain associated with the A&D businesses. My view is, you know, most of these suppliers also do defense work, much like our company. And so most of them didn't go through an entirely hard shutdown, as you saw a lot of the commercial world doing. Also, as you know, a lot of these suppliers also have a lot of business that goes into the commercial aviation space with the Airbuses and the Boeings of the world and those guys are not back anywhere near the demand that they used to have. So there's capacity available in these supply chains. So as we work our way through this thing, most of our critical suppliers in the A&D space are able to meet our demand. I'm not suggesting there's never an issue or a problem, but those things pop up here and there. It's also a longer cycle supply chain. So if you do have a problem or a challenge, you've got more time to work on it and go manage it and look for alternatives and work with the supplier around that. Whereas in the industrial and commercial world, you tend to find out a vital problem it's going to hurt you on Tuesday, the previous Friday. So we don't see as much of that in the A&D side. So I don't think when we look at this, we feel like we're going to be supplier constrained at this stage of the game. It's more around managing and making sure that we're doing the right thing here in terms of production rates versus long-term demand and again, managing to a backlog that works for us and works for our customers.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter Arment: Thanks. Good morning, Scott, and Frank. Hey, Scott, just a quick one on, I guess, aviation. Just you've always kind of talked about this business eventually getting back to crossing over on the double-digit margin front. It seems like you've got everything in place in terms of the overall demand and potentially higher production. What's key for us to see margins kind of cross over that 10% level? Is it just volume or is there other things you need to see? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Well, most obviously, volume is a huge contributor to that. We've talked about that for a very long time. And I think we'll see - as you remember, we were getting close to that level pre-pandemic, and I think as our volumes are recovering back on track to where we were in '19 and move beyond that. We clearly have been working to drive to get double-digit margins, and I think we're on track to be doing that. We'll obviously give you more specifics in January, but I feel pretty good about our path to get there.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global. Please go ahead.
Pete Skibitski: Yeah. Good morning, guys. Nice quarter. Maybe to piggyback off Cai's question a little bit. Scott, can you talk about kind of how you manage kind of the two businesses at industrial in this environment? Do you have much visibility at Kautex? Would you guide us in any way Kautex over the next couple of quarters? And then is it kind of - it seems like the market is very strong in specialized vehicles, but there's, as you mentioned, some supply chain issues there as well. So just wondering if you could give us more color on how to think about that segment over the next couple of quarters.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Look, obviously, Peter a bit different, right. In the case of Kautex, where we're a Tier 1 guy, we're sort of following the OEM path, right? So we don't independently set that. It's  one of the challenges, frankly, this year is there's been a lot of disruption that the OEMs have felt and changing model types and volumes through the course of the year as a result of other supply chain issues. Fortunately, the Kautex guys have done a nice job in not being the problem, right? I mean we've been able to fulfill whatever demand is placed on us, and certainly, we don't want to be the reason they can't run a line. So I think our guys have done a really nice job of that. But we look really at the IHS data, Pete, in terms of how it - how we forecast. I mean we obviously have to go down model by model. But I think when you listen to what the OEMs are saying, they're starting to indicate that a lot of their other issues in their supply chain, which semiconductor is the one that's obviously talked about the most, that's going to start to abate. I think if you look at IHS data right now, they're talking about probably a 10%, 11% increase in global auto volumes as we go from '21 to '22. So that's how we think about our business, right? We look at that IHS data. We don't really have an independent view, I suppose, of what's going on in that market. In the case of our vehicle business, we're the OEM, we're the end market guy. So we are a lot closer and having to make that call. And as you indicated, the good news is demand is very strong. I mean everything we can build is going out in the channel and selling inventory levels are at, frankly, on healthy low levels. We're working hard with our suppliers to get parts in and everything we can build, we get out there and tends to be selling through strongly. So I think our guys in the vehicle business, frankly, but we would love to have seen revenue growth in the quarter from year-over-year. We couldn't get that just because we can't get the parts to do it, but I think the team has managed price inflation disruption and all that sort of stuff, so that at least we've been able to hold on to the margin rates where we were. And obviously, as we can get the supply chain flowing better and get the revenue top line growing, we think the margins will improve with it. But our dynamics in that business in terms of pricing and the performance of the business was able to at least at a margin level, overcome a lot of the interruptions and inefficiencies that we've seen in the factory. So I think the business is being well run. It just needs to be able to start to generate more top line, and that's a supply issue, and the demand is quite strong. We've got great products out there. And as a result, we're getting good pricing for them. But we would love to get higher revenues, and I think we will. We just got to work through the supply margins [ph].
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Kristine Liwag from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kristine Liwag: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Scott Donnelly: Morning.
Kristine Liwag: Scott, you mentioned how longer lead time nature in aviation provides more visibility for the supply chain and right that makes sense in a normal environment. The vaccine executive order effective December 8 is a little different than what we've seen before. How are you anticipating this executive order to affect labor, your supply chain and ability to raise production in aviation? And what mitigating actions can you take?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, it's a good question. And all of our business as well as, obviously, all of our key suppliers are - tend to have that defense component and therefore are subject to the mandate. It's - frankly, it's a curveball we wish we didn't have, but we're managing our way through it. I think we and all of our peers and suppliers are all sort of in the same - in the same place here, it's created a lot of noise. It's not been terribly well received by a pretty sizable portion of our employees, but people are working their way through it. It's the nature of - I think people have accepted its a fact of what they've got to go do. And in the end, there's no question that we're going to lose some employees because of this. But we're trying to ramp up our hiring and expectations of that. And look, we'll manage our way through it. It's not the first challenge we've ever seen, so.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please go ahead.
David Strauss: Great. Thanks for taking the follow up. I guess Frank, question for you. On working capital, it looks like you're assuming for the full year, a couple of hundred million dollar benefit from working capital, I assume that's mainly predominantly aviation advances? How should we think about working capital as we move into next year? That's my first question. And then any initial thoughts on pension income for next year as compared to I think you're doing like $30 million or so in pension income this year? Thanks.
Frank Connor: Yeah. So on the - look, on the working capital front, I think, as we said, we've had a strong year from an inventory management standpoint and the aviation business being far more linear, obviously, is a really good thing there. So we've had kind of better seasonality of cash flow and good customer deposits. The cash flow for the fourth quarter, implying the guide continues to be in the area of 1:1 or a little over 1 of kind of net - relative to net income. So we saw a lot of benefit this year, kind of that we'll continue, I think, to see very strong working capital management next year. I'm not ready to guide on it. A lot of it will depend on order activity. I think that on the inventory side and the linearity of the business, we'll continue to see strong performance. It will depend on kind of customer deposit activity to some degree to how that ultimately works out. Look, on the pension side, we're not ready to kind of lay out numbers there. We've had a good year so far on return on assets. Interest rates are up a little bit. So as you sit here today, I don't think that we would expect to be - we would expect pensions to continue to be a benefit as we go into '22, but we're not ready to quantify things.
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Yeah, thanks. Just a follow-up from me. I was wondering if there's any changes on the divisional guidance for 2021 with one quarter to go?
Scott Donnelly: I don't think, Robert, we're doing a formal update to the guide at the segment level. But clearly, Aviation and Bell are strong performers. And I think you'll see that versus the original guide. Obviously, Industrial with - particularly with the auto OEMs volume down and challenges in supply chain, that will be the sort of bit of a mix shift, I suppose, between what we originally guided and where we'll end the year.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Frank, do you expect to be able to grow free cash flow from the manufacturing group next year versus the good performance this year? And then if you could just maybe touch on the systems margin since that seems to have just kind of stepped up to a new level with all the programmatic and mix changes you've had there? I mean, is that just now a sustainably high 14%, low 15% business? Thank you.
Frank Connor: Yeah. Look, we're not going to guide '22, as I said, I believe we'll continue to see solid and strong working capital management next year. We had a lot of benefit this year of particularly at Aviation, again, of getting the business kind of running the way Scott described, which is kind of with some visibility on delivery and order activity and run it far more linear. So I would expect that to continue, as I said, into '22. But I'm not going to start kind of guiding cash flow and profitability here for '22. I'm sorry, I know what the second piece of that was a systems margin. Look, on systems, we've talked about this, kind of systems has had a very strong year. Defense business is generally kind of consistent with how we've talked about Bell or kind of 10% to 12%. We have made some investments in systems where we're seeing solid return on those investments. They're a number of businesses there where we have invested in assets to drive higher margins like the ATACH business, so we expect to see good execution on a go-forward basis out of the systems business. But kind of these levels of performance this year are kind of strong relative to the general mix of those businesses. So we expect solid execution on a go-forward basis, but we've had a very good year this year.
Operator: And with that, ladies and gentlemen, today's conference will be available for replay after 10 A.M. Eastern to January 29, 2022. You may access the AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1866-207-1041 and entering the access code 6190396. International participants may dial 402-970-0847. And those numbers again are 1866-207-1041 and 402-970-0847 and again, entering the access code 6190396. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T conferencing service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Textron Second Quarter Earnings Call 2021. At t this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Eric Salander, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Tony. And good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Revenues in the quarter were $3.2 billion, up from $2.5 billion in last year's second quarter. During this year's second quarter, we reported net income of $0.81 per share. Adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure, was also $0.81 per share for the second quarter of 2021 compared to $0.13 per share in the second quarter of 2020. Segment profit in the quarter was $289 million, up from $82 million in the second quarter of 2020. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions totaled $509 million, up $294 million from last year's second quarter. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott. .
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric. And good morning, everyone. We had a strong second quarter with higher revenues across all of our manufacturing segments, operating margins of 9.1% and strong cash generation. The Bell revenues were up in the quarter on higher commercial revenues, partially offset by lower military revenues. On the commercial side of Bell, we delivered 47 helicopters, up from 27 in last year's second quarter. We continue to see strong commercial demand and solid order activity in the quarter across all our commercial models, both domestically and internationally and across multiple end-markets, including corporate, private, utility and EMS. Moving to future vertical lift, in June following 214 flight hours over 3 years, Bell retired the V-280 Valor demonstrator aircraft. Over this 3 year period, the Valor successfully demonstrated all key performance parameters with FLRAA [ph] program, including low-speed agility, long-range crews, 305 knot high-speed flights, autonomous flight and rapid mission systems integration. On July 6th, the Army issued [ph] the FLRAA RFP. The program remains on track to the Army schedule with bids due in September, followed by down selected award in the second quarter of 2022. On FARA, Bell is about 45% of the way through its build of a 360 Invictus prototype. And lastly, Bell announced plans for new systems integration lab in Arlington to provide integration, verification and validation testing on aircraft emission systems needed to meet the requirements for both FPL programs. Moving to Textron Systems. We saw another strong quarter - execution with operating margins of 14.4%, up 310 basis points from last quarter. We saw a strong performance at ATAC driven by increased flight activity, led by our F1 fleet on the U.S. Air Force cash program, where we have made significant investments over the last few years. In June, C Systems [ph] delivered the third Ship to Shore Connector, LCAC 100 to the U.S. Navy. As development contract portion of this program continues to wind down through the remainder of 2021, we expect to see revenue growth and margin expansion on the program as we increase our activity on the production contract. Also in the quarter, Land Systems delivered the fourth and final RIPSAW M5 vehicle to the U.S. Army for RCV medium program. The customer will begin integration and testing the vehicles in preparation for the 2022 Soldier Operational Experiment. Land Systems also unveiled the Cottonmouth, vehicle purpose built for U.S. Marine Corps' Advanced Reconnaissance Vehicle program and was recently selected for further prototype development under an anticipated OTA contract award. Offsetting higher revenues in most of its operating units in the quarter, we did experienced some top line pressure at Air Systems largely related to the reduction in hours or fee-for-service activities due to the U.S. Army's Afghanistan withdrawal and impact of the sale of the TRU Simulation business earlier this year. At Aviation, revenues were up in the quarter on higher volumes for Citation jets and commercial turboprops, as well as in our aftermarket business. We delivered 44 jets, up from 23 last year, and 33 commercial turboprops, up from 15 in last year's second quarter. We continue to see strong commercial demand and order activity for our aircraft, which resulted in backlog growth of $689 million to $2.7 billion at quarter end. Through the first half of the year, we recorded over $1.1 billion of backlog growth in Aviation. Both the Citation Longitude and Citation CJ4 Gen2 received the EASA type certification in the quarter. These certifications are expected to generate additional demand opportunities for each of these models. On the new product front, Cessna SkyCourier [ph] aircraft certification program has now accumulated over 1,200 flight hours and continues to progress well, as we work towards entering the service targeted for later this year. Moving to Industrial. Revenues and margins were up at both Caltex and specialized vehicles from last year's second quarter, primarily due to higher volume and mix at each of the businesses. At Caltex, despite the higher revenues, we've experienced order disruptions related to the global auto OEM supply chain shortages, which have directly impacted our production scheduling, resulting in intermittent line shutdowns and manufacturing efficiencies. At Specialized Vehicles, we saw higher revenues and improved operating performance from a strong retail pricing environment, driven by continued high customer demand in our end markets. While we've experienced continued strong retail demand for our products, we have been impacted by our supply chain's ability to fully meet this demand, and we continue to work through these production challenges. In summary, we continue to see increased commercial order flow at Aviation and Bell, solid execution in our Military businesses, strong retail demand for our products, the Industrial segment and improved cash generation that all contributed to the second quarter performance and our improved EPS and cash outlook. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thanks, Scott. And good morning, everyone. Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues at Textron Aviation of $1.2 billion were up $414 million from a year ago, largely due to higher Citation jet volume of $174 million, aftermarket volume of $98 million and commercial turboprop volume of $75 million. Segment profit was $96 million in the second quarter, up $162 million from last year's second quarter due to the higher volume and mix of $117 million, a favorable impact from performance of $34 million and favorable pricing net of inflation of $11 million. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $2.7 billion. Moving to Bell. Revenues were $891 million, up $69 million from last year on higher commercial revenues of $99 million, partially offset by lower military revenues. Segment profit of $110 million was down $8 million, primarily due to higher research and development costs in the quarter, largely related to the future vertical lift programs. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $4.8 billion. At Textron Systems, revenues were $333 million, up $7 million from a year ago. Segment profit of $48 million was up $11 million due to a favorable impact from performance. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $2.3 billion. Industrial revenues of $794 million were up $232 million from last year with $169 million from fuel systems and functional components and $63 million from specialized vehicles, largely reflecting higher volume and mix. Segment profit was $32 million, up $43 million from the second quarter of 2020, primarily due to the higher volume and mix at each of the businesses. Finance segment revenues were $12 million and profit was $3 million. Moving below segment profit. Corporate expenses were $37 million and interest expense was $32 million. With respect to our 2020 restructuring plan, we recorded a pretax charge of $4 million on the special charges line. We had another strong quarter of cash generation, reflecting our focus on working capital management across the segments and cash deposits from strong order activity at Aviation. Our manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $509 million, $294 million higher than last year's second quarter. In the quarter, we repurchased approximately 3 million shares, returning $96 million in cash to shareholders, and we repaid at par $250 million of 5.95% notes with a stated maturity of September 2021. Following these activities, we ended the second quarter with approximately $2.2 billion of cash on the balance sheet. To wrap up, we now expect our full year tax rate to be 16%, reflecting increased tax credits related to higher qualifying domestic investments in R&D. We are raising our expected full year guidance for adjusted EPS to a range of $3 to $3.20 per share, up $0.20 from our prior outlook. We're also raising our outlook for manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions to a range of $800 million to $900 million, up $200 million from our prior outlook, with planned pension contributions of $50 million. That concludes our prepared remarks. So operator, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: [Technical Difficulty] of 1.6 times in the quarter. I guess, Scott, what are you hearing from your customers? How do you think about the sustainability of this growth? And do you think there's any change in consumer behavior?
Scott Donnelly: Sheila, I think you know, we had a strong order quarter for sure. I think the Q will come out, you'll see that we had - services was about - aftermarket was about 31%. And when you account for that and you account for used aircraft sale, our book-to-bill actually probably is closer to two, in terms of new equipment. That order activity continues to be strong here as we've gone through the end of the quarter. So I think, you know, the sustainability appears to be quite strong, as we've seen through the course of the year. We have an awful lot of new customers coming into the market, which I think is great. We've got very low used aircraft at all [ph] for sale. I mean, it's sort at record low levels, so people that are coming into the market, there's not a whole lot to be had out there in terms of quality you know, relatively new, used aircraft, and that's driving a lot of strength in the new side. I think from everything we're seeing, it appears to be quite sustainable. The demand is there flying. If you look to that is, is at the highest levels we've seen in a very long time in terms of daily utilization. So I think demand, if you look at sort of the macro level, everything from charter to club to fractional the whole ownership is very strong. It's very US-centric in terms of jet right now, although we're starting to see some pickup in the South American and European markets, particularly on the turboprop side, we're starting to see more activity in South America. As you know, that those international markets tend to be the dominant part of our turboprop market, they haven't been just because they're a little slower. So I think when you look at the demand that we're seeing and then you start thinking about South America and the European markets, starting to come back. And frankly, just corporate. We're - I think we're talking about a lot of high net worth individuals, small businesses, things like that are really driving it so far. And the addition, I think as we go further into the year and start to see more corporate activity will help to make it a sustainable demand environment.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thanks for that color. And then maybe one more on Bell, as you mentioned it in your prepared remarks about the R&D impact. Is that more on FARA or FLRAA? And kind of how do we think about that progression of company funded R&D?
Scott Donnelly: Yeah. It's both. But FARA, frankly, at this point, is the bulk of it, although we're seeing obviously some pickup here on B&P spending, as we are preparing the FLRAA proposal. But this year, the lion share of it is around the FARA [ph] program, he's making great progress. As I said, we're progressing really well in terms of the design and the assembly of the first aircraft for the first flight test activity. But you'll see this composite of higher R&D spending associated principally with those FDL programs through 2022.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter Arment: Hey. Yes, thanks. Good morning, Scott, Frank.
Scott Donnelly: Morning.
Peter Arment: Maybe Scott, just following up on your Aviation comments, just demand environment obviously sounds like it's really broad-based and across the board. I think the original plan was to kind of get back 50% of the recovery of your previous 2020 production plan. Just how are you thinking about that and managing it when you think about this environment?
Scott Donnelly: I think we're on track for that, Peter. And as we go into the end of the year, obviously, we've been raising our production rates, as we expected, did not only accomplish that this year. But as we kind of gave color around 2022 to get us back to those 2019 levels. So I think that's going well. And obviously, strong demand makes us feel pretty good about continuing to bring those rates up, as we go through this year and into 2022.
Peter Arment: Okay. And just as a quick follow-up on just the margin performance. I mean, I think year-to-date, you're kind of 7% versus guidance of 5.5%. So it's just the guidance increase that you're giving today. Obviously, just you forecasting at us [ph] continued strong margin performance at Aviation in the second half?
Scott Donnelly: Yeah, we are, Peter. I think the color on Aviation given the strength of the market, we're probably going to be guiding up a couple of $100 million of revenue is the way to think of it and probably a couple of 100 basis points of better margin.
Peter Arment: Terrific. Thanks so much, Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global. Please go ahead.
Pete Skibitski: Good morning, guys. Nice quarter. Scott, maybe to follow up on the UAV fee-for-service. As the U.S. continues to pull troops out of Afghanistan, and I think maybe even more out of Iraq. Maybe you can quantify how much of a headwind that program was in the quarter for you? And kind of how much were expecting it to be to negatively impact the full year?
Scott Donnelly: We don't go into that level of detail, probably, but just it's - I guess our point is that it is - we're seeing growth in a lot of the other pieces of that business and the Afghan issue is holding some of that back. I think the margin performance continues to be strong. And look, I think we're fairly optimistic that we'll redeploy those assets and utilize them in other applications, but that's probably something that will be more of a 2022 impact. It takes a while for that to happen. So I don't think - it's not a horrible story. It's just the reality of the pullback in Afghanistan. And I think we've been conservative in terms of how we manage those assets. The team has done a great job with that. So it's not a bottom line problem right now. And again, I do think a lot of those assets will get redeployed into other opportunities. But it is creating a little bit of a top line headwind. So when you look at systems, I think we're really happy with the performance there. We'll probably see margins a couple of 100 basis points better than what we originally we're guiding you guys, but we're not - we're probably just kind of on track to the revenue line because of some of the pressures on that Afghanistan pull out.
Pete Skibitski: Okay. Last one for me, also at Systems. They're bidding on some pretty meaningful ground vehicle programs, right, OMFV, on a team and the Marine Corps program. How do you guys ensure that you guys get an adequate return on those programs, especially OMFV, it's pretty - it's an order of magnitude bigger than I think most of the things they've done there. I think about the return you get just in light of - you know, the type of return you got in the TAPV program?
Scott Donnelly: Well, thanks, Peter. Look, these programs will not be structured in a way where you're taking on an EMD program and also committing the full life of production at a fixed price contract. So I get your point. I think the business learned a lot about that. And certainly, we would never put ourselves in a contracting situation where we had that kind of exposure. So look, these could be phenomenal programs. They can be great programs. I think our guys are - technically we're in a good place on some of them. I mean, there's a long way to go, obviously, on things like OMFE [ph] But they are huge opportunities, and it's going to take some time for them to come to fruition. But yeah, certainly, we're not going to look at a contract situation where we have the kind of exposure that we had on TAPV.
Pete Skibitski: Sounds, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Carter Copeland: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Scott Donnelly: Morning.
Carter Copeland: Just two quick ones. One, Scott, I wondered specifically, if you could just speak to what you saw or what you continue to see in terms of trade in activity, just given the used inventory dynamic that you talked about, what you're seeing in that regard? And then a second one for Frank on the performance in ATAC and Systems, was there anything sort of one-time in nature in that regard that we should be aware of? Or anything we should think about in that regard? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Look, on the used, our activities reflect what's going on in the market, right. So I think our used aircraft inventory is quite low. Aircraft have largely sold out of our book. The need for trade in is down dramatically. As you guys know, we do run what we call Market Assist program. So we'll help customers with the resale of their aircraft ideally not even ever putting it onto our book, and we continue to try to do that. And you know, frankly, as the backlog builds and that time, that frame, from someone deciding to buy a new aircraft, they have a much longer window for the remarketing of their aircraft than what we saw when there was a lesser backlog and shorter cycle sale. So I would say that the dynamic of the used aircraft has been reflected in our own used aircraft department, and it's, I would say, all positive.
Frank Connor: So on the Systems mix, no, there was nothing kind of unusual in the quarter. Overall consolidated net program reviews were a positive $15 million. And I think it just, again, reflects, as Scott said, strong performance across the Systems businesses and the expectation of a couple of 100 basis points better than what our original guide was for the year.
Carter Copeland: Okay, great. Thanks for the color, gents.
Scott Donnelly: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ron Epstein: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Ron Epstein: Scott, could you give us a little bit of a breakdown on maybe the customer demographic. I mean, how much of it is wealthy individuals versus corporates? Who are you seeing coming back to the market?
Scott Donnelly: I don't know if we can give a super big break down numbers. But as I said, it was - it's largely driven by - when we talk about high net worth individuals, these are usually folks that have family businesses, small businesses, private companies, which is the core of our - historically, the core of our customer base. And I think that's where a lot of demand is coming in. As you look at a larger way, particularly with the longitude out there and the latitude, where we have products that have a stronger appeal, we think, to the corporates. Those folks are just starting to come back. And as corporate aviation departments start to fly more, I think we'll see more activity, particularly in those classes of aircraft in that corporate world. But in the meantime, it is that customer base that we've historically seen. You're just seeing new customers of that same demographic, I guess, as you refer to it, you know, that are coming into the market.
Ron Epstein: Got it, got it. And then your cash levels are relatively high versus history, pre-COVID, call it, you know, PC. Are you still interested in industry consolidation? I mean, how are you thinking about deploying that capital?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, at this point, Ron, we're - we kind of watch opportunities, as we always do. I don't think there's anything pending. We'll certainly let you guys know when that happens. But in the meantime, we continue to allocate the bulk of our cash into stock buyback, and I think we'll continue to do that. As Frank said, we made a couple of debt payments here in the quarter. We don't have any more corporate payments until the 2024 time frame. So I think we have a lot of flexibility around cash. But at this point, our principal allocation of that is towards share buyback.
Ron Epstein: Great. Thank you very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Questions on the guidance revisions. In order to get into the middle of the new EPS range, EPS in the third and fourth quarter would have to be essentially exactly flat from the second quarter, actually technically down slightly. And seasonally, the business usually ramps through the year and you have end markets that are improving through the year. So if you could just walk me through how that happens. And then the earnings raise is - looks like $45 million, $50 million of net income, and then you've taken the free cash up $200 million, if you could just bridge that difference?
Scott Donnelly: I'm not sure how much detailed modeling I can go with you on the call. But look, I think we are seeing a little bit of linearity. As you guys know, when we came through the COVID period. Obviously, there was a lot of inventory reductions across the company. We're trying to be more linear in how we do that. I mean, I think Aviation is a good example. We're not having some of the historical where you get this big inventory build through the first couple of year - you know, quarters and most leads off on three and four. We're seeing a little more linearity, a stronger delivery here in Q2. And that's helping to give us a more linear - better manage working capital, I would say. So in terms of the modeling around EPS, you know, that kind of helped a little bit here is think about Aviation being up a couple of $100 million on revenue and a couple of 100 basis points of better margin versus the guide. Systems, a couple $100 million - I'm sorry, a couple of 100 basis points of better margin versus our initial guide. I don't think Bell's - Bell's about where we expect it to be. They're performing well, but they're performing more or less to the guide. And I think Industrial will probably be around in that same area, right. I mean, I would like to thought we had some upside. We probably are going to be a little bit softer just because of the challenges on some of the supply chain. But again, strong performance, certainly on year-over-year revenues margins are up. But it's a little more challenged in terms of capitalizing on some of that end market demand, but the opportunities are there, so.
Noah Poponak: Okay. I understand. And Scott, your response earlier to the question around the prior Cessna jet production plan, recovering half of the '20 decline and then getting back to '19 and '22. It sounds like you're sort of just reiterating that, despite the strength in the market. And maybe that's just because it's been strong, but for a short - relatively short period of time, you want to see that sustained, you don't want to get ahead of yourself. But I wondered also how much of that is that you're looking at pricing over volumes. And you had the experience of having to reduce price and then changing the strategy to hold firm on price, instead of chasing volume. And I wonder if you could just speak to how you'll handle that now that the market is stronger. Can we expect a bigger focus on price over volume even as demand increases? Or how are you going to handle that?
Scott Donnelly: It's a good question. And I do think that part of the dynamic here is that, as you know, we've gone through a very long period of time where book-to-bill was just - the backlog just wasn't strong enough to support, let's say, a 6 to 9 month order delivery window. There was too much short cycle sale going on, as it's particularly challenging for the factory to do that, to load things the right way, to not have rework when people buy on short cycle and you're reconfiguring and tailoring the aircraft too late in that manufacturing cycle. So there's no doubt that this business - I think this industry is healthier when you've got more like a 6 to 9 month backlog. And it gives you better visibility. It's - I think it's better for the customer in the end in terms of the ability to customize and again the configuration of the aircraft straight. So that's a lot of what we look at. So obviously, we are increasing the volume consistent with what our expectations were for the year. And obviously, you're feeling good about that, you know, increased rate as we go into next year given the backlog. But for sure, we want to be cautious here and not increase volume and get back to a situation where you just got too much short cycle sales going on.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please go ahead.
David Strauss: Thanks, good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
David Strauss: Scott, on Cessna Aviation, can you talk about where headcount levels are? Have you started to add back where you think headcount needs to go and whether you're you know, any - seeing any challenges in terms of getting the workforce that you need?
Scott Donnelly: So we are increasing headcount you know, commensurate with the increase in the production volume as we've gone through the year. We started hiring programs probably about a month or so ago to bring folks in to ramp back up again. Obviously, a number of those folks or people that have been laid off and have come back into the company. But we're having to do additional hiring beyond that. And look, it's - I think everybody in the country is having the same challenge with some of the programs that are out there, but those programs should wind down as we get, I think, into that Labor Day time frame. So we are hiring. It is a challenge. I think hiring will get easier as the year goes on, we get off some of these unemployment programs that are frankly, creating huge disincentives for people not to work.
David Strauss: Okay. And I guess a bigger picture question on Kautex. Can you talk about how Kautex will play in a EV world or as EV penetration continues to pick up in the future? How that business - the potential for that business to transform itself and participate in that? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Sure. Look, there is two steps to this EV world in Kautex. The first, which we're already participating on. And frankly, it's a very good business for us is the move from straight gas to the - a lot of the hybrid vehicles, right. So the fuel systems have some unique technologies for those hybrid applications, and we've done well in that space. And the volume of that, frankly, continues to grow. And it's growing even faster now sort of post-COVID than even it was on pre-COVID. So our participation on those platforms is very good and a good part of our business and growing part of the business. On a pure BEV world, I think that we will see a transition just as we saw, frankly, Kautex became Kautex because you moved from metal gas tanks to plastic or composite gas tanks. And we think the same opportunity is there for battery enclosures. And we're working with a lot of the OEMs right now on opportunities to move from these metal battery and closure systems to a composite closure system. It's lower weight. It's lower cost. So it's very beneficial to the OEM and to the platform, and we're working through qualifications of those technologies as we speak.
David Strauss: Great. Appreciate the color. Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Hey. Thanks very much. And good morning. I wonder, Scott, if you could talk a little bit more about the aftermarket in Aviation. It sounds like it was up about over 30% in the quarter, we see really high activity. Is that something where it's still accelerating as we head into the back of the year? And what kind of growth do you expect for 2021 there?
Scott Donnelly: Yeah, it is. It's up around that number on a year-over-year basis. It's up about double-digit on a sequential basis. So what's happening, Seth, is, as I referenced, the utilization of the aircraft is up as high as we've seen it in a long time. So people are flying, the aircraft are being utilized. And that obviously correlates to service and parts consumption. So we have seen it ramping up nicely, as aircraft have gone back into service, and we do expect it to continue to grow through the balance of the year.
Seth Seifman: Okay. Okay. And then just, I heard your comments earlier, the focus on share repurchases for now, which makes sense. When you think about opportunities for M&A, do you think at all about the Defense side of the business, and we see this major focus at the Pentagon on JADC2. And is there a need to - in terms of thinking about the future of the Defense business to be more focused on communications technology and might that at some point become an area for M&A?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think - I guess I would say broadly, Seth, that the A&D space is primarily where we look on the M&A side. I guess I wouldn't talk about any specific technology or obviously a particular opportunity. But that is the space where we tend to be to be looking. So - and from a cash standpoint, look, I think our balance sheet is in very good shape. We'll continue to do share buybacks. And if there was something out there that we needed to do. I think we have plenty of access cash on the balance sheet or financing through debt. So I think from a cash standpoint, we'll continue to do the buyback without being too concerned about our ability if we need to do M&A. But I would say that the - I won't talk specifically around communications, but certainly, the A&D space is where we look.
Seth Seifman: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: Scott, I just wanted to follow up on that comment you made earlier about the 6 to 9 month window for Aviation lead times. Are you actually in that window yet? Or is it still a little bit shorter than you would like?
Scott Donnelly: I think we're in that window.
Robert Stallard: Okay. That's nice and easy. And then secondly, again on Aviation, similar to Ron's question earlier, are you starting to see more interest from the fleet buyers? Or are you actually quite happy like going with these individual customers because generally you get better pricing on them?
Scott Donnelly: Well, our - I mean, our fleet sort of activity tends to be centered really around NetJets, obviously, which is very important customer for us, and I mean that's sort of the fleet. Obviously, at the NetJets sales level, that's individual customers buying share. So I - that's the bulk of what we look at on, I think what you would kind of call fleet. I mean, obviously, there's other opportunities out there where we have customers that want to buy numbers of aircraft. You probably saw the announcement around the Caravan deal. Obviously, we've had programs with SkyCourier, for instance, with FedEx, which are large aircraft acquisitions. But I don't think we've seen anything different or unique going on or the difference between fleet or retail and our bias one way or the other. If there's a good fleet opportunity, and that will compete hard for that. But the bulk of our sales, when you look at this you know, the order book and what's going on our individual aircraft sales.
Robert Stallard: Right. That makes sense. Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Good morning. Scott, I want to pursue, you said that you have - you're comfortable with getting jet deliveries halfway back from the last couple of years. But that would imply like if it's 165 or 170, not much of an increase in Q3 or Q4. And usually, Q3 is kind of maybe a little bit better than Q2, but Q4 is usually at least 20 airplanes above the prior quarters, which should suggest that deliveries should get back more to like 180 or 190. So I'm just curious as to where my math is wrong.
Scott Donnelly: Yeah, George. I would say that if you look at what we're trying to do, and I kind of refer to this earlier. We're trying to get to a much more linear delivery flow. So when you look at, again, considering the demand environment, we're able to flow this thing in a lot smoother fashion. The order book, the backlog supports that so that we don't have this extreme spike when you get into fourth quarter, which has been delivered by or driven historically by later sales in the year. So I think when you look at the order book, what's happening is you're getting a more linear operation, you're getting a lot more backlog, longer lead time on aircraft and that lets us be a lot more linear in terms of our deliveries through the course of the year.
George Shapiro: Okay. So you're obviously not expecting that big bounce in the fourth quarter like we've traditionally seen?
Scott Donnelly: No, George. Look, I think it's always a little bit stronger in the rest of the year, but nowhere near as non-linear as you've seen for the last decade for instance...
George Shapiro: And given - Scott, given the backlog that you're seeing now, do deliveries next year get above the 2019 level?
Scott Donnelly: We're probably not quite ready to guide next year, but it's certainly you know, as I - we can't give you any filler [ph] or we're trying to aim to get that back into that 2019 range. Is it [indiscernible] few aircraft we'll probably give that guidance in January.
George Shapiro: And could you tell us what percent of the orders this quarter were to NetJets or other fleet providers?
Scott Donnelly: No, we don't break that down, George.
George Shapiro: Okay. I figured, I'd try. Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: I was really close to giving you to you by serial number, but
George Shapiro: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes. Thanks a lot. And good results, guys. So could you comment a little bit about pricing at both Bell and Aviation? And kind of if you get the good orders and better pricing, I mean, I assume that would start to show up more in the next couple of quarters?
Scott Donnelly: Well, yeah. I mean, you'll see in the Q, Cai, that when you look at Aviation, particular dollar pricing, probably $11 million net of inflation. So again, I think the pricing environment is certainly stronger than it has been, and we'll continue to press on that. I mean, we - there's no doubt we feel like the margins in this business need to be better and volume and productivity and efficiency are all part of it, but prices has to be part of that as well. So - and we don't usually get into any kind of price discussion around Bell, so I don't think we need to do that. But I would suffice to say that we're pleased with the commercial side of the business, the order activity, much like what we've been talking about on the Textron Aviation side of things is strong.
Cai von Rumohr: Got it. And so I was a little surprised by the vigor of the margins at Bell, given that most of the volume came from commercial where the margins tend to be lower, and the R&D was still strong. Can you give us some color are the margin is going to be level or as we go on with the R&D for FARA and FLRAA, could there be more margin pressure?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean, we did put, obviously, the pressures of increased R&D spending in the FEL programs into our guide. And I think we're pretty comfortable that we're on track to hit that guide even with those R&D pressures.
Cai von Rumohr: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kristine Liwag: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Kristine Liwag: Thanks. Scott, following up on your comments in Aviation, if you're in that 6 months backlog window right now, if we continue to see a strong order activity. Can we see bring forward some of this volume in 2021 and accelerate production?
Scott Donnelly: The lead times of the aircraft make it difficult to have much movement. I mean, you can always do an aircraft or two depending on what that demand looks like. But inside of 6 months, it's pretty hard to adjust that, just given the long cycle nature of particularly some of our supplier components.
Kristine Liwag: I see. So if we see this order activity, let's say, book-to-bill is strong for the rest of the year, that's really more of a 2022 story then?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, that's correct. Yeah, we would incorporate that production ramp into what would end up being 2022 deliveries for sure.
Kristine Liwag: Great. And then also on aftermarket, you mentioned, right, we're seeing strong bridge jet utilization. Also, we see that with takeoff and landing at a 12 year high. How much of a pricing upside do you have in aftermarket? And how do we think about the margin differential between aftermarket and new aircraft deliveries in Aviation?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we don't break out those margins. I mean, but it's - the fact that we're seeing increased demand on the aftermarket side, in general, that tends to be a good margin business for us. And so it's generally a good mix, but I don't think there's a real material change and what that's doing for the business. It's highly dependent on, as you said, we're seeing at least in modern time, record levels of utilization, be a takeoff or landing cycles, average deal utilization, and that's going to continue to drive aftermarket growth, which is certainly good for the overall mix of the margin of the business.
Kristine Liwag: Thank you.
Eric Salander: Okay. Tony, I believe that's all the questions in the queue at this time.
Operator: Yes, that is correct.
Eric Salander: Okay. Could you announce the replay number?
Operator: Great. Thank you. Just one moment. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay beginning at 10 A.M. Eastern today. You can access the digitized replay information at any time by dialing 1866-207-1041 and enter access code 7854134. International participants may dial 402-970-0847. Those numbers again are 1866-207-1041 and 402-970-0847 with access code 7854134. That does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Conferencing Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Textron First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Eric Salander, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Brad, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Revenues in the quarter were $2.9 billion, up from $2.8 billion in last year's first quarter. During this year's first quarter, we reported net income of $0.75 per share. Adjusted net income on a non-GAAP measure was $0.70 per share for the first quarter of 2021 compared to $0.35 per share in the first quarter of 2020. Adjusted net income for 2021 excludes $6 million of pretax special charges, $0.02 per share after tax related to the 2020 restructuring plan and $15 million of pretax gain on the sale of TRU Canada, $0.07 per share after tax. Segment profit in the quarter was $256 million, up from $156 million in the first quarter of 2020. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions totaled $71 million, up $501 million from last year's first quarter. With that, I'll turn it over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric, and good morning, everyone. Overall, the first quarter was a strong quarter for Textron. Segment margins were up 330 basis points in the quarter, driven by strong execution across all of our segments. At Bell, revenues were up in the quarter on higher commercial revenues, partially offset by lower military revenues. On the commercial side of Bell, we delivered 17 helicopters up from 15 in the last year's first quarter. We saw solid order activity in the quarter across our commercial models, both domestically and internationally and across multiple end markets, including corporate, private, utility, and emergency medical services. On future vertical lift, that was awarded a contract modification of $293 million for the second phase of the competitive demonstration and reduction program for FLRAA. As we conclude final flight activity on the V-280, I think it's important to highlight the impressive performance milestones that the aircraft has demonstrated in over 215 flight hours over the past 3-plus years. This included 305 knots of demonstrated true airspeed, level 1 handling qualities and autonomous flight. On FLRAA, Bell is continuing with its build of the Invictus 360 prototype, where we are about 1/3 of the way through the manufacturing process in anticipation of first flight in Q4 of next year. Moving to Textron Systems. Revenues were flat in the quarter while the business continued to execute well with improved operating margins. In the quarter, Systems was awarded a contract to up to $607 million from the U.S. Army for the sustainment and modernization of existing shadow systems to the upgraded Block III configuration. Also in the quarter, Systems successfully participated in the U.S. Army's Future Tactical Unmanned Aircraft Systems rodeo at Fort Benning and completed direct soldier flight demonstrations of our platform, the Aerosonde HQ. Systems is currently responding to the FTUAS RFI, which will help inform the next phase of that program. Systems also delivered the first RCV medium prototype to the Army customer as they look to test these vehicles and define requirements for the future of robotic combat vehicle programs. At ATAC, we are continuing to ramp F1 flight hours at the operating sites related to the 3 awards of the U.S. Air Force CAPCAS program. At the end of the quarter, we had 16 F1 aircraft certified for operation and deployed across our customer sites. In Aviation, revenues were up - I'm sorry, revenues were eventually flat in the quarter with slightly lower volume, reflecting lower aftermarket revenues, partially offset by higher pricing. We delivered 28 jets, up from 23 last year and 14 commercial turboprops, down from 16 in last year's first quarter. Order activity was strong in the quarter, resulting in backlog growth of $450 million to $2.1 billion at quarter end. In the quarter, we delivered our 1,560 XL-based Citation jet. This milestone delivery is a testament to the value and performance of this platform as well as Textron Aviation's commitment to the ongoing support of the fleet. We also announced the new CJ4 Gen2 and delivered 5 aircraft in the quarter. This model upgrade is another example of our continued investment in our existing portfolio of aircraft. On the new product front, the Cessna SkyCourier aircraft certification program continues to progress well as we work towards entering to service targeted towards the second half of this year. Moving to Industrial. Revenues were up from last year's first quarter, primarily driven by higher volume and price in our Specialized Vehicle product line. At Specialized Vehicles, we continue to see strong retail demand across our customer end markets. At Kautex, we saw our volume of fuel systems for hybrid electric vehicles more than double to about 9% of our total production volume in the quarter, the startup of 4 new models. While the retail demand in industrial-owned markets has been improving, channel inventory remains below targeted levels as we work through supply shortages and disruptions, which we expect will improve throughout the course of the year. In summary, it was a great start to the year. We've seen improving customer demand in our end markets, increased commercial order flow at Aviation and Bell and continued solid execution in our military businesses with strong cash generation in the quarter. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone. Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues at Textron Aviation of $865 million were down $7 million from a year ago, largely due to lower aftermarket volume, partially offset by higher pricing. Segment profit was $47 million in the first quarter, up from $3 million of profit last year, primarily due to a favorable impact from performance and the mix of products sold. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $2.1 billion. Moving to Bell. Revenues were $846 million, up $23 million from last year on higher commercial revenues, partially offset by lower military revenues. Segment profit of $105 million was down $10 million, primarily due to higher research and development in the quarter, largely related to future vertical lift programs. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $5.2 billion. At Textron Systems, revenues were $328 million, flat with a year ago. Segment profit of $51 million was up $25 million due to a $27 million favorable impact from performance and other. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $2.4 billion. Industrial revenues of $825 million were up $85 million from last year, primarily from higher volume and mix as well as price at Specialized Vehicles and foreign exchange fluctuations. Segment profit was $47 million, up $38 million from the first quarter of 2020, primarily due to higher volume and mix, price, net of inflation and favorable performance at Specialized Vehicles. Finance segment revenues were $15 million, and profit was $6 million. Moving below segment profit, corporate expenses were $40 million, and interest expense was $35 million. With respect to our 2020 restructuring plan, we recorded pretax charges of $6 million on the special charges line. We also completed the sale of TRU Canada in the quarter and realized a pretax gain of $15 million. Cash performance in the quarter was strong with $71 million on manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions, a $501 million improvement over last year's first quarter as we continued our focus on inventory and working capital management. In the quarter, we repurchased 1.8 million shares, returning $91 million in cash to shareholders. To wrap up with guidance, we're raising our expected guidance of adjusted EPS to a range of $2.80 to $3 per share, up $0.10 from our prior outlook. We're reiterating our outlook for manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions of $600 million to $700 million with planned pension contributions of $50 million. That concludes our prepared remarks. So Brad, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from the line of Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global.
Peter Skibitski: Guys, the $2.1 billion in backlog in Aviation, it kind of seems like it's putting through a real positive start of a cycle for you guys. Are we just at the point where the young used aircraft availability is just so low that customers are really forced to come to you guys? Is that kind of what you're seeing out there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Peter, I think the correlation between availability of young used aircraft and what that means in terms of new aircraft sales, for sure, are correlated. And I think if you look at what's happened here over the last period of time, we've been seeing that number come down. And at this point, we're down below 1% of the fleet that's out there that's under 10 years old available for sale. So without a doubt, I think that's helping. I think the overall demand environment is also more positive, right, so you've got more people that are looking to acquire aircraft than we've seen in quite some time. So the level of activity, the number of customer interactions is certainly quite strong. And so when that's happening, and again, the small number of young used is off to a factor in that. But I think part of it is just there's just strong demand in the market right now.
Peter Skibitski: Yes. I mean, I think that's the biggest backlog you have in like 10 years, as far as I can tell. So are you forced to kind of look at production increases at this point?
Scott Donnelly: Look, I think we'll look at it through the course of the year. Obviously, at this level of demand keeps up, we always are constantly looking and tweaking the production schedule. So I think we'll continue to monitor it and adjust accordingly.
Peter Skibitski: I guess last one for me. Similar volumes to the first quarter of '20, but the margin is about 5 points higher. So is Aviation - and you touched on pricing, I don't know if you know kind of the level of pricing you're getting right now, but is Aviation a structurally higher-margin rate segment at this point do you see going forward just from the cost takeout? Or do we really need a lot more pricing to reach that level?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Peter, I think there's two things going on. One is, I mean we did take cost out, but a lot of that had - obviously had to do with volume. So there's - I think the business is executing stronger from an overall performance standpoint. There was a price, and frankly, we're seeing a nice rebound, particularly in the parts side of the aftermarket business, and that's a good mix for us. So you saw some pricing contribution, and frankly, some good mix as you go into Q1 and saw overall aftermarket was actually down slightly. But the mix of part demand driven by increased utilization was a positive for us.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of David Strauss with Barclays.
David Strauss: Scott, you touched on pricing a little bit in the Aviation. But could you talk about kind of across the board on - in all of your commercial businesses, kind of the pricing environment relative to raw material inflation that you might be seeing?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. What we're - there's no question that inflation is out there. We're seeing it in a number of cases, but I think what our strategy has been is to try to keep pricing ahead of inflation, and we've been successful doing that. So you're right, it doesn't matter. Aviation, Bell through the industrial businesses, we're seeing a positive price environment.
David Strauss: Right. Okay. And then can you remind us at the Aviation, how much of the business, I guess, on the new aircraft side is kind of Fortune 500, 1000 large corporate? And what are you seeing in that portion of the market? Is that rebounding at all yet?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we don't usually track that specifically or give that out. But it's - I mean, we are seeing the corporate aviation departments are starting to come alive. There's more dialogue going on, and I expect that will continue to increase through the balance of the year. I think - and again, data sort of anecdotally, you can't give a specific breakout of this. Obviously, the number of cycles on aircraft continues to increase, particularly domestically in the U.S. March was actually up over where it was in 2019. These comps for 2020 are obviously kind of flaky, but if you look going back to 2019, the cycles domestically were up for our aircraft, which is great. I think it's still predominantly driven by a lot of personal travel and things like that, but we are clearly starting to see some corporate travel coming back. I mean I just - personally as I'm traveling around to our businesses and out and about, you go out the restaurants, you're meeting, I mean, suppliers are starting to travel. Customers have starting to travel. You're starting to see more of that. And I think as that happens, we'll see more and more corporate level, flight department, buying activity pick up.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Ronald Epstein: So what products in Aviation are you seeing the most increase in your own product line, Latitude, Longitude, smaller, bigger? I mean, where are you seeing the most higher ticking going up?
Scott Donnelly: Well, the good news here, Ron, is it's virtually every model of jet and turboprop that we have is seeing strong activity, which is good. So it's literally, it's across the entire portfolio of all of our jet and turboprop products.
Ronald Epstein: Got it, got it, got it. And then if you could give us a quick update on kind of what you're hearing, seeing, feeling on future vertical lift.
Scott Donnelly: Future vertical lift is progressing exactly as the Army said. As I said, we - obviously, we and our competitor got the contracts for Phase 2. You know the draft RFP had come out late last year. Comments went back. Response to those questions have now come in. We expect an industry day and then ultimately, the real RFP to drop here sometime probably in that May or so timeframe. So those guys are staying very much on schedule in terms of what they've told us. We've just wrapped up our V-280 flight activity, which I think was a hugely successful program that demonstrated everything we wanted to demonstrate. So right now, the team is focused on the objectives of the second phase of the program, which is continuing to do risk reduction. So this thing makes a smooth transition from the risk reduction phase into a full-blown program record. And it's kind of a parallel path of working that with the Army, at the same time that the formal RFP activity is going on in proposal development. And I'd say it's progressing exactly as the Army told us it would.
Ronald Epstein: And with the skinny budget that was dropped by the administration, do you feel any better, any worse, the same about the prospects for the program longer term?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think the expectations were that we'd see pretty flattish budget. And I think that's what we're seeing. And I mean, for sure, I could argue it's down a little bit based on inflation-adjusted and such. But the Army has been really clear about the importance of modernization. Their top priorities are still getting enormous amount of focus. They've always been very responsible about their intention on how they would pay for this. They were never expecting some big top line adjustment. They have always said that they would fund this by reducing legacy funding, so they could put their focus on modernization. I think if you listen to what General McConville says every time he speaks publicly, it's the - it's been very, very consistent, and I think that's absolutely their intent. So I think that, again, we've only seen the skinny budget, right? We haven't seen details down below that. But certainly, in terms of the top line support and everything that the Army is talking about, the focus on modernization is continuing.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Peter Arment with Baird.
Peter Arment: Scott, you've called out some good performance at Specialized Vehicles. Maybe you could just give us a little color on what you're seeing there and what's driving that?
Scott Donnelly: These guys are executing well. Demand on the - on all those product lines, exception probably is the ground support equipment is still a little bit soft, although activity is starting to pick up in that area as well. But if you look at the core businesses of Golf and PTV and then, of course, all the off-road, the retail demand environment, is very strong. We've also seen solid pricing. I think the business is executing well. It's - it is a struggle some days. I mean, tactically, just getting supply chain stuff worked out is kind of a battle every day. But the team is doing a nice job of working through that. We would like to continue to drive higher volumes and get some more product out there in terms of inventory levels, but I think that just bodes well for the future, and the guys are executing well and driving improved profitability.
Peter Arment: And just to follow up on the supply chain comment. We continue to hear about supply chain stress from other industrials, especially around the semi chips and things like that. What are you seeing, I guess, across your businesses? Are you seeing the same impacts or is it different?
Scott Donnelly: So we're not seeing as much impact in the aerospace pieces of that. And I think a lot of that has to do with the fact that a lot of those businesses, because they also have defense businesses, kind of kept operating through a lot of the pandemic. It certainly was true of our businesses for the most part. So that supply chain has come back up and is running better. And obviously, in many of these cases, you share demand with a lot of the commercial stuff, which is still down, so there's capacity out there. So we haven't seen a lot of challenges yet in that space. It's more on the industrial side of things, and those supply chains are getting back up and operating. Obviously, there's a lot of shipping issues, there's all kinds of stuff. But they are tactical challenges, and the guys pretty much work through them every day. But I think as we go forward, there's certainly opportunity to see higher volumes to not only to meet that strong demand, but also get inventory levels restocked.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan.
Seth Seifman: Good quarter. I was wondering if you guys could talk a little bit. I think initially, we talked about first quarter deliveries being sort of assessment being sort of flattish year-on-year and then improvement in Q2, Q3 up in the fourth quarter. So I guess sort of you when you probably think about that, do you see the Q2 and Q3 numbers now up a little bit from where you've seen them now based on what we've seen in the backlog, given that Q1 came in above expectations as well?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, I mean, I think that's exactly what we would expect, right? I mean there's a normal cyclicality to the business. Q1 is usually a lighter delivery quarter. Q4 is obviously, usually the very strong delivery quarter. The big difference is, usually, you don't see a whole lot of order activity in Q1. And clearly, we saw that this year. So I think absolutely, that bodes well for future quarters. And frankly, part of our raise on our guide is an anticipation that we'll see better performance than what we had guided in terms of the Aviation full year number.
Seth Seifman: I guess - and then on that point, putting up the first quarter margin kind of similar to what you'd expected for the year, I mean, I would think with higher volumes Q2 and Q3 and then especially Q4, is there some color you can give us around where you think the Aviation margin might come out now, given that it seems like it should clearly be higher than the initial guide?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think you're right, Seth. It will be higher. We're probably not going to go back and reguide the percentages in each one of the segments. But when you think about the guide that we put in, I think you can expect in terms of how you model a part of that, is our expectation is that we'll see stronger margins on the Aviation side. And the other is, obviously, we also had a very strong first quarter on Systems. And I think well, that's also part of our raise in the guide is we'll probably do somewhat better on a margin rate at Systems than our original guidance as well.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: So my first question is on Bell. Can we just talk about the magnitude and timing of the future vertical lift investment? I'm guessing it's all FLRAA now. Is the FARA investment sizable and comparable to FLRAA? And then on FLRAA, are you done on the company-funded R&D side?
Scott Donnelly: So right now, part of the challenge of the increased R&D spending in 2021 is that we have both FARA and FLRAA activities going on. So the FARA program has kind of ramped to full speed ahead here. And obviously, we've initiated - starting to produce the first aircraft and to get the first flight in the latter part of next year. So we're seeing a lot of FARA activity, and that's all under OTA, which is a 1/3 cost share that we have with the government. And then that FLRAA program, so that $290-or-so million dollars that were just awarded, that program sort of runs from now through next March. And that's also a 1/3 company-funded program as well. So that's part of the headwind we have on the R&D front right now, Sheila, is that you have both FARA and Phase 2 of FLRAA going on simultaneously.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay. Cool. And then maybe just a bigger picture question on Aviation because the backlog was so good. There's DoorDash, Uber, Netflix, you name it, a technology element in every industry. So I guess with Aviation, as some of these charter and fractional operators mature in their technology models or whatever it might be, are you seeing a change in your customer composition, say, over the next 5 years, where these guys become a bigger customer portion for you because they're emerging not only wheels up because they've been very good to you guys for a while. But in general thought, are you seeing that?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we haven't seen a mix shift really at this point. I mean, obviously, there's a good part of our business that's been with Wheels Up on the fixed-wing side. As you know, we just announced doing the same on the rotorcraft side with Bell helicopters going into the Wheels Up fleet. We're continuing to see terrific strength through our NetJets relationship. I mean, I think the NetJets guys are also doing very well in the fractional side of the business. So we're seeing strong demand there as well. But we haven't seen to be a big mix shift over. So you're seeing strength right now and everything from charter operators to the membership kind of providers like the Wheels Up up through that fractional providers like NetJets. So it seems like the growth in the demand is across all those different business models right now.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: Scott, 1Q is usually your seasonally lightest order quarter in Aviation. Do you expect that order number to improve sequentially as you move through the year?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Noah, I think our level of sales activity is continuing to be strong. So I would expect that in the market, given the demand that we're seeing, I expect to see continued strength through the course of the year. Now as we've talked about before, we do expect to start to see more sort of those corporate flight departments and larger corporate operators as you see more business travel coming back, and I think we're starting to see that, right? So there's folks that were not flying and corporate departments that weren't - frankly, were largely shut down for a lot of the pandemic have started to come back, and so there's more dialogue there as well. So I'm not sure we would guide our book-to-bill at this point, but it's - the demand environment is remaining strong, which is good.
Noah Poponak: Okay. The end market has had some head fakes over the last few years. And the data would look better and then maybe kind of stall out. The leading indicator data right now looks particularly good. But the pandemic seems to have brought in new flyers where there's maybe some questions around whether or not they go back to commercial once the virus is in a better place. Just overall, a bigger picture, I mean, we see the data, you talk to the customers. How are you thinking through sustainability here versus something that could reverse on us again?
Scott Donnelly: Well, when we're seeing people buy aircraft, right? So that's not something that someone's likely to revert back out of that. So if someone's made the commitment and bought a fracture, bought a whole aircraft, and I think those folks are going to stay in the market. Are there some people that might be using charter kind of on-demand stuff that might revert back to commercial? Absolutely. But I think over time, you see people that come into this market, they can afford to be in the market. And once they become accustomed to the convenience and the productivity of it, I think almost those people are going to tend to stay with it.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And then just on the Systems margin, it ramped in the back half of last year, landed where it did in the first quarter. Maybe just level set us on how you're thinking about the durable, sustainable margin over time at Systems.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think it is very durable. I mean, I think the team has been executing really well. As you know, over the last a couple of years, we had a lot of investment that was going into programs like the ATAC F1 program, and you had to make that expense and that investment ahead of winning those contracts in order to be eligible for those contracts. So we went through a period of having those expenses with no revenue. Those assets are now gainfully employed and out there generating revenue and margins. So some of those swings, I think, are helping to strengthen the margins in the business. I think overall, the performance of the business has been quite strong. As you know, we're transitioning. We'll see this as we go forward on the transition from the development side of the ship-to-shore and the production side of the ship-to-shore, which clearly will have better margins than the development side. So I think as you look at those macro things, this is a performance that has a lot of good performing elements to it. And I expect they will continue to perform really well. As I said earlier, I think part of our guide increase is that we expect that we will probably have margins that are stronger than what we originally guided on the Systems side. I'd say also that business is pursuing an awful lot of new opportunities that will continue to come to roost over the course of the next couple 2, 3 years. So I think they're in a really good place. I do think we'll have a little bit of headwind, Noah, as we get in the back half of the year here on some of our fee-for-service in Afghanistan. That wind-down will take down some of our sites. I think we've been very conservative about how we run that business in terms of asset values. But - and I think there are opportunities to redeploy those to other locations, which I think will happen, but you probably have a little bit of a gap between the sites that are operating today and the future sites. So it's not a big impact, but it's enough that it will reduce a little bit of revenue and margin here probably in the back half of the year. But I would expect to continue to see really good strong margins and good strong performance in that segment.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Carter Copeland with Melius Research.
Carter Copeland: Scott, kind of an unorthodox question, but one, I'd really love to get your perspective on this. Obviously, a lot of capital out there supporting VTOL, eVTOL investments in SPAC land and whatnot. And I wonder, as you look at your technology portfolio inside Bell and all the various projects you might have in some phase of R&D and you think about what to fund and what not to fund and kind of that whole relative hierarchy, is there a model that makes sense to maybe pull some of that stuff out and put it in a vehicle like that and accelerate funding or take advantage of the ample capital that's out there in the market and all that sort of excitement? How do you think about that?
Scott Donnelly: It's a good question, and I think it's a little early for us to make that call. We have some very strong R&D capability. We have a lot of technology, frankly, that already exists in the company, obviously. That's a space that, as you know, we've been looking at for a while. We continue to look at it. And look, we take a view so we actually know how to make aircraft. We know how to make VTOL aircraft. The architecture you see that's likely to be the winner in some of this urban air mobility space, frankly, our small tiltrotors. And we actually know how to make tiltrotor. So a lot of the technology we obviously have on the shelf are stuff that our guys are very capable and are working on. We actually know how to certify our craft in many of these categories. But the issue for us is, what's the right time to here. And in fact, a lot of that's driven by the battery technology. We want to make sure that when we make a move in the space, however, the structure of that move is that we know where the technology is around the propulsion system. This has always been hugely important in our industry. We would never go undertake a new airplane, fixed-wing or vertical takeoff and landing without having the right propulsion system to make sure that it's going to be successful. And I think largely, that comes down to the battery technology. So we've got teams, obviously, that have been following that and working on that, and we'll make our move when we think it's the right time. And as to what the structure that might look like, that's sort of to be determined at this point.
Carter Copeland: Is it safe to say you prefer it to be organic and wholly owned in that regard?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I don't think we're committed one way or the other. I mean, I think clearly, we own the technology. And we're - we know we can go do it in terms of is there a structure that's more preferable than another. I mean, I think we'll look at all options at this point. We want to make sure that we have the right technology and the right ability to make a successful product. And right now, that's really more in the R&D phase as opposed to worrying about capital structure.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research.
George Shapiro: Scott, the release says that mix was a big help in the Aviation profit in the quarter. But if I look at the mix, I mean, it's not clear why. I mean, M2 is 4 deliveries higher and Sovereign was actually 1 delivery less. King Airs were less in the quarter. So if you could just expand a little bit on what the favorable mix actually was.
Scott Donnelly: So the mix favorability really has to do within the aftermarket, what's the mix of parts versus service center labor. We saw a strong part demand which has been rebounding from where it was, and that's a good mix for us.
George Shapiro: And yet, you said the aftermarket was down, what I assume a couple of percent.
Scott Donnelly: Well, it was down very, very modestly, but more importantly, the mix within that aftermarket was more heavily weighted to parts than service.
George Shapiro: Okay. And if I look at the implied orders this quarter and go back in time, orders are pretty similar in Q1 of '19. They were actually somewhat below Q1 of '18. And then we kind of petered out after that. So what's your confidence that this time, it's not going to peter out like we saw some in '18 and '19?
Scott Donnelly: George, all I can tell you is we're at the level of activity, we're seeing a number of customer dialogues. It's strong right now. I can't really represent where it's going to be 6 months from now or 9 months from now. I mean we think that the macro environment has been - we've talked about this for the last couple of quarters, it's is as strong as we've seen. And by every metric, when you look at a number of new people coming in, we're - as I said, we're seeing flight hours now that are back up over where they were in 2019, not just comparing to 2020. The used young aircraft that are available for sale, the pricing environment, it's all positive. I promised to tell you 3 months from now, 6 months from now, 9 months from now, how we feel 3, 6 or 9 months from now.
George Shapiro: And then my last quick one, why isn't the guide for the year substantially low? I mean you did $0.70 this quarter. If you just annualize that, you get to the low end of your new guidance, and we know that this quarter is the weakest quarter for Aviation probably pretty substantially. So what are you figuring weakens in subsequent quarters to offset the Aviation strength that's given you only a guide of $2.80 to $3?
Scott Donnelly: Well, George, I think we're - we raised our guide because of outperformance here in Q1, and our expectation is that we'll continue to see strength in Aviation and some stronger profitability in Systems. And that's kind of how we're looking at it right now. Obviously, as the year goes on, I think we're going to still be a little bit conservative here in terms of making sure that the economies around the world don't have any issues that the pandemic recovery continues. Right now, everything feels very strong. And it's - again, the end market demand, whether it's in our industrial or aerospace and defense businesses feels good, but we'll continue to keep an eye on that as the year plays out.
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Jon Raviv with Citi.
Jonathan Raviv: A question on - just on biz jet. What's the general lead time when you guys look at production rates going higher? And what could that mean for margin? Essentially, what needs to happen to get back to that double-digit number, which we've been thinking about not too long ago. How much of that's in your control?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think that generally speaking, we look at about a 6, 9-month sort of lead time. Obviously, there are some longer lead items in there around engines and stuff like that, but we maintain an awful lot of close dialogue with those critical suppliers to understand what flexibility we would have to tweak production rates up or down. And that's a real-time process, right? It's not like it's an annual thing. We maintain that dialogue on a very regular basis. And that gives us some flexibility that I think is out in that 6-to-9-month window.
Jonathan Raviv: And then just on the margins, Scott. What you got to do maybe to get to those double-digit numbers, which you've been talking about not too long ago.
Scott Donnelly: Look, as the volume, we're still running at fairly low volumes. And I think that these are - tend to be pretty good gross margin products. So as we see that volume grow in the business, a lot of that drops to the bottom line. And that's clearly the path to get back to that double-digit margin business.
Jonathan Raviv: Got it. And then on capital deployment, repo in the quarter, a bit light, still carrying a pretty big cash balance. How are you thinking about M&A or other capital deployment options at this point? And if M&A, where would you focus and what kind of size you're looking at?
Scott Donnelly: Well, again, any M&A activity would be something that we think that comes along as appropriate. Our focus has certainly been more in that A&D space, and that's the areas where we'll continue to look. As to the capital deployment, we continue to focus on stock buyback as sort of our default opportunistically. Again, we're a little conservative in Q1, just to get - see how the economy is doing and how the businesses are doing and performing, and we would expect to clearly see that ramp as we go through the year.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard: Scott, Ingersoll Rand announced they were selling their special vehicles business quite recently for a pretty good price. And I was wondering, if you've seen any expressions of interest in your portfolio?
Scott Donnelly: We're not going to comment at all on the specifics of any kind of M&A activity at this point.
Robert Stallard: Is this something you would be open to thinking about?
Scott Donnelly: We're not going to comment at all on M&A activity at this point.
Robert Stallard: Okay. Maybe something else then. Frank, just a couple of small ones for you. You mentioned that I think it was other was an item in - I think it was TS this quarter. I was wondering if you could give us some more color on that. And then maybe not wanting to sound like George, but you didn't raise the cash guidance for the year. And I wonder if there's any specific reason for that.
Frank Connor: Yes, look, the other piece of that, there's no other. It's just the category. It's the way we talk about it in the Q. So that's just part of the description of that category. So everything else was kind of clean in terms of price performance, everything. So there was no other piece. But in terms of cash flow, we obviously saw a very good cash flow performance in the first quarter. We expect that to continue. We're probably leaning towards the high end of our guide or the higher end of that range certainly, given the provision to earnings, but we left the cash number where it is for now.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen.
Cai von Rumohr: So at Aviation, your margin was up to your full year target. You mentioned aftermarket, but could you give us some color on other factors and the relative importance? For example, price on your aircraft, preowned profits or losses, R&D, those kind of things because you still haven't explained very well why the numbers were quite so good at Aviation.
Scott Donnelly: Cai, I think the part margins is true in all of our industry. It tends to be the strongest. So that mix is a significant contributor. We did see positive price over inflation, which is good. We saw positive pricing, I think, that what we'll see going into our order book, which is good for future quarters. I think you'll start to see, frankly, given the environment that's been out there, our balance of used aircraft is dropping and the pricing environment in terms of what it takes to move those aircraft has been improving. And so all of those factors are contributors to seeing a healthier margin come back into the business. And as you know, we need to see increased volume coming back into the business to get up to where we were back to a 10% margin in '19. And I think as we see that volume grow through this year and into next year, that's where we're heading. So it's not one spot, which is actually good, right? It's been good mix, it's good pricing on product. And most importantly, it's going to - as a result of strong book-to-bill, lead to higher volumes.
Cai von Rumohr: So if that's the case, I mean, basically, you're clearly going to blow away your 5.5% margin target for the year. And you said that Systems is kind of better than you thought. So your guide looks low, but what am I missing? Is there something else that's going south to offset the obvious goodness in Aviation and Systems?
Scott Donnelly: No, there's not. I think things are good. And we'll continue to keep an eye on it through the course of the year. As your friend George noted, we never know what the order rate is going to be 30 days, 90 days, 120 days downstream. So if we continue to see the kind of strength that we're seeing in the end market and the demand, I'm sure there's opportunity for us to further raise that guide.
Cai von Rumohr: And the last one, to follow up to Carter's question, people are throwing money at people who have never built planes before. You guys actually have some technology that's relevant to the whole urban mobility. Assuming you have clients who clearly, are oriented that way, what's it going to take? I mean, do you feel that you could miss an opportunity by not moving and taking some money and kind of getting into the fray quicker? Because I assume the guy who has a reasonable product and gets certified first is going to have a first-mover advantage.
Scott Donnelly: Well, Cai, I'm not worried about missing anything here. I think our ability to execute on the design and development of an aircraft and the certification of an aircraft is quite proven. We've done this many times. I think we're sitting on an enormous amount of technological capability in terms of what we've done in the past and obviously, the technology of our teams. I mean, it takes some really talented people to go design and build and certify an aircraft, the fixed-wing or VTOL. We do think there's a potential for a very, very large market out there in that urban air mobility, but you have to make sure that all the technology you need to have in place to have a useful aircraft is there. And as I said earlier, I think in my mind, it largely comes down to around the battery technology. So we have a great team of people. As you know, we created a sort of a breakout of a group called the eAviation that Rob Scholl is running for right now and pulling together the efforts and technology and engineers from across both the fixed-wing aviation, those at Textron Aviation as well as at Bell, some key resources out of our Systems business. So we are actively working on this. But again, you have to have the right propulsion system to make this work. And that's really going to be the gating item. And that's one that we're working on, and we're keeping an eye on it. But look, am I worried about some of these guys that have never certified an aircraft obviously going to dominate a market? I'm not worried about that at all. We're working on this, but we don't need to be wildly public or out there making crazy claims at this stage of the game. We're executing, and we'll pick our time and place to do it. And I think we could have a very successful business in that space.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley.
Kristine Liwag: Scott, following up on these E-Z-GO questions. It's clear that you have aircraft technology and certification down. But a lot of these new entrants are planning a vertically integrated solution where they also own the direct-to-consumer access point, operations and manufacturing. Should you go into this industry, what's your appetite to expand into the other parts of the value chain and provide your own vertically integrated solution versus staying within manufacturing?
Scott Donnelly: Well, that's very much to be determined, okay? To be honest with you, I personally don't understand it. We've been in this game for a long time and why someone who produces in services and sells aircraft needs to also operate the aircraft. I mean I'm not opposed to the idea, but there's a difference between designing and building and certifying aircraft and operating aircraft day in and day out. I think maybe people don't fully appreciate what that business model is and how you have to run such a business. I mean, look, we look at people like Wheels Up. We look at people like NetJets. I mean, look, operating big Part 135 operations is not easy. It's a big business. It's a complex business, and it's - that's totally different than designing and building and certifying an aircraft. So I'm not saying that the existing term of someone who's totally vertically integrated can't exist, but I don't know why - I guess, I don't know why it has to be that way. Well, frankly, I guess my view would be why it's exclusively one way or the other. So look, we're working, as you know, with guys like Wheels Up. I mean Kenny and our companies have a really good relationship. He's obviously a master of providing that on-demand lift and aircraft in aviation today and running a big complex 135 operation. And I think there's probably as much opportunity to help accelerate these kinds of end markets. They're working with the expertise that's out there as opposed to trying to reinvent the wheel, frankly.
Kristine Liwag: That's helpful. And then, Scott, if you were to think about when the earliest year would be where we would see a fully operational UAM, E-Z-GO flight, revenue passenger flight for customers, when do you think that would be?
Scott Donnelly: Well, this is why we haven't put a date out there, right? Because I think it's going to be gated largely around what's the battery technology is there to support making a useful vehicle. And when I say a useful vehicle, I mean, something that can have a kind of range practical in terms of what we know needs to be there from a certification standpoint, what needs to be there in terms of margins, and that's the piece that, frankly, is why I'd say. That's in my mind, the pacing item and what will drive that date. Now does that mean you can't fly something sooner than that? Of course, you can fly something sooner than that. But to certify it and really put it into an actual real Part 135 passenger carrying operation, that's the piece, that's the question mark. And that's why, again, I'm not worried about the timing of this. I think you do the work. And you pull the trigger when you think that you're going to have something that's a certifiable practical useful air vehicle.
Eric Salander: Okay. Brad, that concludes the questioning queue.
Operator: And with that, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation, and for using AT&T TeleConference special services. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Textron Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. This conference is being recorded. And I'd now like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Eric Salander. Please go ahead.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Kelly, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention, we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Textron's revenues in the quarter were $3.7 billion, down $368 million from last year. During this year's fourth quarter, we recorded $23 million in pre-tax special charges, largely related to restructuring activities in Industrial and Textron Aviation, or $0.07 per share after tax.  We also recognized a one-time favorable tax benefit related to the sale of TRU Canada of $0.04 per share. Excluding special charges and the one-time favorable benefit, adjusted net income was $1.06 per share compared to $1.11 in last year's fourth quarter.  Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $467 million, down $183 million from last year's fourth quarter.  For the full-year, revenues were $11.7 billion, down from $13.6 billion a year ago. Adjusted net income was $2.07 per share compared to $3.74 last year. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $596 million as compared to $642 million last year.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly : Thanks, Eric, and good morning, everyone. Our business has closed out the year with a strong operating performance in the fourth quarter as we saw margin improvement in Systems, Industrial and Bell that drove an increase in Textron's manufacturing margin to 8.8% on lower revenues. At Bell, margins of 12.6% were up 30 basis points as compared to the prior year despite lower military revenues and commercial volume. We delivered 57 commercial helicopters, down from 76 in last year's fourth quarter.  On the military side, the Japanese officially began V-22 flight operations in November. This continues the growth of worldwide fleet of operating aircraft, which has amassed over 560,000 flight hours.  Looking to Future Vertical Lift, Bell marked the third anniversary of the V-280's first flight in December, with the aircraft having now flown more than 200 hours. Army leadership and Congress have been very supportive of Future Vertical Lift, and we expect this will continue under the new administration.  In December, the US Army provided the draft RFP for the FLRAA program for review and comment. The Army continues to anticipate a down-select in FLRAA program awards in mid-2022.  At Systems, revenues were down primarily on lower volume at the TRU Simulation + Training business. In November, Systems announced the sale of its commercial air transport simulator business to CAE. This transaction closed in January. In the quarter, ATAC won the recompete of the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps flight - fighter jet training services program. This contract expands the scope of the services we currently provide into the program and it's worth up to $440 million over the next five years.  Also in the quarter, unmanned systems was awarded $66 million contract for the U.S. Army for 36 Shadow aircraft. The Shadow platform now has over 1.2 million flight hours globally.  Moving to Industrial, revenues were down primarily due to reduced demand in the ground support equipment business within specialized vehicles. Kautex, the automotive production outlook has steadily improved since the low point in May. And demand from our customers continues to ramp in the fourth quarter, as revenues approach their prior levels.  Moving to Textron Aviation, revenues were down in the quarter, primarily on lower jet deliveries and aftermarket volume. We delivered 61 jets, down from 71 last year, and 61 commercial turboprops, up from 59 in last year's fourth quarter.  On the new product front, Aviation began deliveries of the new King Air 360, with 8 units for the quarter, and announced new King Air 260.  Cessna SkyCourier program continues to progress, with three aircraft flying in the certification program. Flight test program has completed over 400 flight hours and the aircraft is on track for entry to service in the second-half of 2021. In summary, 2020 was a difficult year with many challenges for our operations and I'm proud of the way our teams responded. Through a focus on working capital management and cost control, the business has generated a strong manufacturing cash flow performance for the year. At our defense businesses, we were able to maintain our operations, meeting our customer commitments and delivering strong results.  On the commercial side, we overcame temporary manufacturing shutdowns and disruptions in our end markets to deliver strong fourth quarter results and look forward to carrying that momentum into 2021.  With this backdrop, we're projecting revenues of about $12.5 billion for Textron's 2021 financial guidance. At Aviation, we are projecting growth from increased aircraft deliveries on both jets and turboprops, including the entry into service of our new Cessna SkyCourier and higher aftermarket revenue is driven by increased fleet utilization. At Systems, we're expecting higher revenues and margin expansion, primarily driven by growth in ATAC and marine and land systems.  At Bell, we expect solid margin performance despite lower military and commercial revenues, while continuing to invest in Future Vertical Lift. At Industrial, we're expecting revenue growth and margin improvement at Kautex as auto demand continues to recover to pre-COVID levels.  At Textron Specialized Vehicles, we're also expecting revenue growth and margin improvement as we continue to grow our powersports business with Bass Pro Shops.  We're projecting adjusted EPS in the range of $2.70 to $2.90 per share. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions is expected to be in the range of $600 million to $700 million.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank. 
Frank Connor : Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $324 million, down $16 million from the fourth quarter 2019, a $368 million decrease in revenues.  Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues at Textron Aviation of $1.6 billion were down 10%, primarily due to lower Citation jet volume and lower aftermarket volume. Segment profit was $108 million in the fourth quarter, down from $134 million a year ago, primarily due to the impact from lower volume and mix.  Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1.6 billion. Moving to Bell, revenues were $871 million, down from $961 million last year, primarily on lower military revenues and commercial volume. Segment profit of $110 million was down $8 million, largely on the lower volume, partially offset by a favorable impact from performance, primarily reflecting higher favorable program adjustments. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $5.3 billion.  At Textron Systems, revenues were $357 million, down from $399 million a year ago, primarily due to lower volume at TRU Simulation + Training.  Segment profit of $49 million was up $16 million, primarily due to favorable performance.  Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $2.6 billion.  Industrial revenues were $866 million, a decrease of $61 million from last year, primarily due to reduced demand in the ground support equipment business within specialized vehicles.  Segment profit was $55 million, up 25% from the fourth quarter of 2019, largely due to a favorable impact from pricing and inflation and favorable performance, partially offset by the impact of lower volume and mix. Finance segment revenues were $13 million and profit was $2 million.  Moving below segment profit, corporate expenses were $50 million and interest expense was $36 million. We recorded pretax special charges of $23 million in the quarter related to restructuring activities.  Following the strong cash performance in the quarter, we ended the year with approximately $2.3 billion of cash on the balance sheet. The $2.3 billion represents a higher-than-normal level of cash on hand, reflecting a prefunding of $500 million of 2021 debt maturities.  During the quarter, we repaid $350 million of floating rate notes that matured in November and $362 million of outstanding borrowings on corporate-owned life insurance policies that were drawn in the first quarter for additional liquidity.  In the quarter, we also reactivated our share repurchase program and repurchased approximately $129 million of shares. Turning to our 2021 outlook, I'll begin with our segments on slide nine of the earnings call presentation. At Textron Aviation, we're expecting higher revenues of about $4.5 billion, reflecting higher aircraft deliveries for both jets and turboprops, as well as higher aftermarket revenues. Segment margin is expected to be approximately 5.5%, reflecting the higher volume and increased production.  Looking to Bell, we expect slightly lower revenues of about $3.1 billion, reflecting lower military revenues from lower H1 production and aftermarket volume and lower commercial deliveries. We're forecasting a margin of about 12.5%, largely reflecting the lower military and commercial revenues and increased R&D investments related to FLRAA and FARA. At Systems, we're estimating higher 2021 revenues of about $1.4 billion. Segment margin is expected to be about 12.5%.  At Industrial, we're expecting segment revenues of about $3.4 billion, reflecting higher revenues at Kautex and Textron Specialized Vehicles. Segment margin is expected to be about 6%.  At Finance, we're forecasting segment profit of about $10 million.  Turning to slide 10, we're estimating 2021 pension income of about $30 million versus pension cost of $33 million last year. Our 2021 pension item reflects the strong return on our pension assets for 2020 of 17.4% and a change to the amortization period for accumulated actuarial losses for one of our domestic plans, resulting in those losses being amortized over a longer period. Offsetting these favorable changes are a 75 basis point decrease in our discount rate to 2.7% and a decrease in our estimated long-term asset return of 50 basis points to 7.25%.  Turning to slide 11, R&D is expected to be about $600 million, up from $545 million in 2020. We're estimating CapEx will be about $400 million, up from $317 million last year. Moving below the segment line and looking at slide 12, we're projecting about $120 million of corporate expense, $135 million of interest expense, and a full-year effective tax rate of approximately 18%.  Our full year 2021 adjusted EPS guidance is $2.70 to $2.90 per share, which excludes $20 million to $30 million of pre-tax special charges for the completion of our previously announced restructuring plan and a pre-tax gain of about $10 million from the sale of TRU Canada.  Our outlook assumes an average share count of about 227 million shares as we continue to deploy the majority of our free cash towards share repurchases in 2021.  That concludes our prepared remarks. So, operator, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question will come from the line of Robert Stallard of Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: First question on the Aviation division. In the release, you said that you'd seen continued good order momentum. I was wondering if you could maybe give us a little bit more clarity on what's going on out there in the market. And in particular, given your forecast for 2021, how the availability of slots is looking?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think, Robert, when we've referred to strong order updates, obviously, we've seen sequentially from the challenges in Q2, Q3 improved, Q4 improved, and we expect to see that momentum continue just based on the dialogues that are going on with our sales teams. So, I think people are feeling like things are recovering and demand remains there. Obviously, you see the data around used aircraft for sale is at record lows. You look at Citations that are less than 10 years old, it's only about 1% of the fleet. So, I think the market has been strong, not just as we've seen increased interest in orders on the new side, but also very strong on the used side.  Flight activity has rebounded quite strongly. November and December in the U.S. were actually up for our aircraft over a year ago. So, I think the demand  and we recognize that's primarily leisure travel at this point. There's still pretty muted amount of what we think is straight business travel. So, as these continue to return to normal, we think we'll see ongoing improvements in utilization as well.  So, at a macro level, considering the level of interest we're seeing, the momentum that we've seen through the course of the year, and the very low levels of used aircraft that are within that 10-year window in terms of age are all kind of pointing to continue the momentum and strengthen the order side of the business.
Robert Stallard: Great. Thanks, Scott. And Frank, just a clarification. I missed what you said on the share count for 2021. I wasn't typing quick enough. 
Frank Connor: 227 million. 
Robert Stallard: Thats great. Thanks so much, guys.
Frank Connor: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we'll go to the line of Carter Copeland of Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Carter Copeland: Hey, good morning, gents.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Carter Copeland: Scott, I wanted just a clarification on the comment you made on the Bell margin and the continued investment in Future Vertical Lift. Does that mean that the investment sustains at this same level? Or is there a headwind related to that as we look at 2021?
Scott Donnelly: Oh, yes, there's a headwind in 2021, Carter. So, obviously, we started those programs in the latter part of the year, they've been ramping through the Q4 and we expect to see that continue to ramp through the course of this year. We're obviously working on both FLRAA and FARA. So FLRAA, we talked about a little bit, that's going into its phase two of that risk reduction phase. So, that's fully ramped. And on the FARA program, we've actually begun component manufacturing, and so an initial assembly work on the flight test aircraft to get it ready for flight late next year.
Carter Copeland: Okay. And so does that peak in 2021? Or will we continue to trend upward to 2022?
Scott Donnelly: It's probably kind of flattish going into 2022 would be my guess. We're probably not quite ready to guide 2022, but
Carter Copeland: Yes, understood. Okay. Okay, thanks for that. And then, Frank, just a quick clarification on the pension piece. How much longer did the amortization period get on the losses?
Frank Connor: Yes. For the one plan, it went from  it would have been in seven years and it moved out to 20 years. 
Carter Copeland: Okay. And was that a large portion of the plan? 
Frank Connor: Yes. It's our largest plan. It's the
Scott Donnelly: Textron master plan.
Frank Connor: Yes, its the Textron master plan. And the reason for that is that we moved below 10% of the participants in that plan being actives versus retired. And so, when you do that, you change to the remaining life  expectation for remaining life rather than remaining service period.
Carter Copeland: Yes, exactly. All right, great. Thanks. Thats very clear.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we'll go to the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hi. Good morning, Scott, Frank, and Eric.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Scott, you'd previously talked about recovering half of the delivery decline in aviation in 2021, that implies deliveries about 165 units. How do we think about that, given orders fell mid-teens in the quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. I think that's still what we're thinking, Sheila, and that's what we have laid out in terms of our assumptions in the guide that we gave you guys. We're expecting to get about halfway back in terms of both new aircraft as well as our aftermarket volumes. So, again, the flight activity has picked up and we've been seeing steady improvement in the amount of activity that's gone on the aftermarket. So, it won't get all the way back to 2019 in one year, but we're assuming that's also about halfway there sort of a step. 
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay, cool. And then on just the Bell revenue guide, I think it's down about 10%. What are the moving pieces to that? I think V-22 should be fairly stable. Is that an H1 drop? Or is it on the military aftermarket?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. On the military side, it's primarily driven by H1. So, we're starting to ramp down on the number of H1 deliveries. And also, we do expect, at this point, commercial will be down as well. So, I think the end market will start to recover there. But as you know, a lot of our - so much of our commercial helicopter market is international. It's just been tough to get deals closed here in 2020. So, I think we'll start to see that pick back up again, but it'll leave a little bit of a decline in 2021 for commercial orders as well. 
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay. Thank you. Good quarter.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we'll go to the line of George Shapiro of Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Yes. Scott, I wanted to pursue  the book-to-bill was like 0.86 in the quarter. Orders were certainly better than they were in the third quarter. But they're down from last year's fourth quarter. So, just wondering, did you see any slowing in the quarter as people rush to try and get deliveries by the end of last year to beat the potential change in the bonus depreciation with the new administration?
Scott Donnelly: No, I don't think we saw any change. And as you know, George, there is always end of the year, tax-driven, regardless of administrations or tax policies, it's always best to get that first year tax regardless of what the depreciation schedules are. So, we've always seen that, a certain amount of that activity as we get into Q4, and that's why Q4 has always been our strongest delivery quarter.  But with respect to the order stuff, I think, we saw 2020 was an extraordinary year, obviously, but we did see that incremental strengthening and order flow through Q4. And again, just based on dialogues and the level of interest and activity that's out there, we're feeling pretty good towards that revenue guide that we gave you in terms of jet deliveries for the year.  So again, as you know, Q4 is always our highest delivery. And so, book-to-bill was always a challenge in there. But I think order activity certainly supports our view on what the revenue guide is for this year.
George Shapiro: Okay. And just on your projection for Aviation implies about a 35% incremental margin, which is a pretty strong incremental. Is that reflecting better pricing that you're seeing? Or if you could give a little more color on why it's so strong?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we certainly do expect to see better pricing. We have better pricing in Q4 as well. So, given the demand environment, we would certainly expect to see some continued price improvement. But it's also  when you look at the year-over-year, George, you've got a lot of idle facility cost that was in there in 2020. And so, were - we certainly expect to rebound back to the kind of levels that we had in 2019, with considerably better leverage than you would normally expect to see in that kind of 20% or so range.
George Shapiro: Okay. Very good. Thank you very much,
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we'll go to the line of David Strauss of Barclays. Please go ahead.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, David.
David Strauss: Scott, just back on the Cessna plan, 165 or so deliveries, could you talk about how --I guess not in absolute terms, but relative to prior years, kind of how sold you are on that plan entering the year as compared to what you've seen in the past?
Scott Donnelly: We don't usually provide  the backlog number is pretty comparable. Right? So, I don't think it's a very different situation than we're used to seeing, David.
David Strauss: Okay. And then Latitude, Longitude, looks like they've been running about 30%, 35% of total deliveries. Would you expect a similar mix? And maybe if you could just update us on Longitude. I think for a while, it was dilutive  it was seen as dilutive to margins. Where that sits today relative to kind of the overall aviation average?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I don't think I'm going to get into margins on particular aircraft. But look it, David, there's no doubt that we had some dilution. Obviously, when you see the initial aircraft builds, those are always more expensive. I think the guys have done a pretty nice job of working through that. Obviously, there's some interruption this year as we shut down the plant and brought it back up, but I think Longitude is on a good track to be a strong gross margin product for us. I think demand has been good. As you know, this thing is  we have quite a few retail aircraft out there that's out operating in the NetJets fleet and doing really, really well. So, I probably won't go in terms of gross margin by aircraft, but we're very happy with where the Longitude is.
David Strauss: Just mix within deliveries, Latitude, Longitude, you think in a similar kind of range as what we see in the past? 
Scott Donnelly: Yes. I would expect so. It should be about the same. 
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Pete Skibitski of Alembic Global Advisors.
Peter Skibitski: I think I might have missed it if you mentioned what drove the big increase in Systems backlog. Was that GBSD primarily. And then, if it was, in terms of converting that to revenue, is it just going to be kind of very slow ramp through kind of 2021, 2022?
Scott Donnelly: So, the backlog, as at Systems, were kind of across most of the segments, Pete, so, absolutely, GBSD went in there, which is several hundred million dollars plus kind of business. We just started really to recognize any revenue on that in Q4. So, yes, that's kind of a five year window. So, it'll ramp here as we go through 2021 into 2022. We have some nice adds to the backlog. We talked about some of the ATAC wins, both the recompete with the Navy, as well as the ongoing CAPCAS task order awards, and we had some  obviously, the Shadow program on block three. So, it was across most of the segments.
Peter Skibitski: Just the margin there, the guidance of 12.5%, should we be thinking that that's kind of the new kind of steady state for that business? Or does 2021 kind of benefit from some unusual dynamic?
Scott Donnelly: No, I think it's  again, this is probably  this is a very defense oriented business segment. So, 10%, 12% margins is sort of where we would expect that business to be.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Jon Raviv of Citi. 
Jon Raviv: You just said 10% to 12%. I thought I'd ask about Bell margin. Bell margin opportunity, understood the guidance for this year and that you still have a lot of FVL. Any sort of thoughts on the opportunity for Bell margin on the other side of FVL versus the normalized rate, so to speak?
Scott Donnelly: It's going to depend so much on where volume goes, right? Looking at V-22s and H1s and FMS opportunities, I don't think we're ready to guide that. One of our challenges this year, obviously, you have these OTA programs, and even the government [indiscernible] doesn't come through revenue, right? So, it swings into a full blown EMG program, at least you'll start to see some revenue growth associated with R&D side, which is not going to be very high margin, obviously. So, it'll depend a lot on what that mix looks like. So, I think until we have a lot more insight into where the contract award are  or where they are on FVL and some FMS opportunities, it's pretty hard to give you that mix out in 2022 and beyond.
Jon Raviv: Just on aviation, fully appreciate you're still looking at getting half of the drop from last year back this year, but just given the conversation with your customers, including the fleet operators, is there still an idea that this could be a structurally larger market going forward? And therefore, when do you feel like you can get back to those 2019 production and delivery levels? And what should the margin opportunity be around that? And should we still feel that double digit is in the cards in the, call it, medium term? 
Scott Donnelly: No, I would say that we still feel like from a macro standpoint and a structural standpoint, however you want to refer to it, that the business jets, particularly that light mid-size, is going to very much be in favor. We're seeing a lot of new customers coming to the market. We certainly have dialogues with new customers on new aircraft sales. We know that's happening in charter and fractional and club. It's really across the board. I think that's part of why you see the reflection of so much used aircraft activity, is the demand out there supports Part 135 operators, charter operators, all these guys are seeing very, very strong demand. And that's just really driven by leisure because we haven't seen much rebound yet on the business side of travel. But we certainly expect to see that same dynamic as businesses start to travel again.  So, I think structurally, at a macro level, it will drive a larger end market, which is good for everyone that is a participant in this bizjet world. And that's why we feel like we'll get  there's still an overhang, obviously, of the COVID impacts and not seeing a lot of business demand yet, which is why we think we'll see half that recovery back to 2019 this year. And I think we feel pretty good about that. And then, we would certainly expect to see back to that 2019 level when you get into the 2022 timeframe. 
Jon Raviv: Just on the margin opportunity, is it still a double-digit margin business when you get back to those levels?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. And again, I think we'll see very strong conversion leverage as we get back to those levels that we were and then back to more  probably our more normalized 20%, 25% on growth beyond that. 
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Ron Epstein of Bank of America. 
Ronald Epstein: Scott, what's your sense on the support for Future Vertical Lift with the change in administration and the possibility of a flattening budget environment? I know there's a lot of components, but how are you thinking about FARA versus FLRAA, that kind of thing?
Scott Donnelly: Everything we've heard, and I think the army has been very, very public about this, is that modernization remains a very, very, very important part of their strategy. And they continue to be committed to putting these things forward. Obviously, the focus on modernizing versus spending a lot of money on their legacy platforms is what they've talked about now for a couple, several years. And they continue to talk about that as their primary funding source, and they even talk about end strength [ph]. In a challenging budget environment, they know that they need to modernize a lot of these important platforms. And obviously, FVL is one of those. And that remains one of their top priorities.  I think Gen. McConville has been very clear, Gen. Murray has been very clear, they are going full speed ahead. The fact that the draft RFP came out when they said on FLRAA and their expectations to have an RFP out here in the not-too-distant future and are still committing to a down-select, it's out in that middle of 2022, everything we see is still 100% full commitment, full speed ahead.
Ronald Epstein: Maybe a topic that nobody brings up anymore, but just curious what's going on with it, if anything, if it's parked in the garage collecting dust. What's up with the Scorpion? Is it just over? Are you guys still trying to market it?
Scott Donnelly: We still fly the aircraft on occasion and do certain things with it. And we've had  the government still has some interest. But I'll tell you, for the last year or so, our primary focus on the military side of the business has been getting the AT-6 through its certification. As you know, the Air Force did do a program only for a small number of aircraft, obviously. But it did give us a certification pathway. We've delivered the first aircraft to them. So, we hope to get the pipe surgery wrapped up pretty soon and we have international customers that have already inquired and proposals that are going on for that aircraft. So, I think we'll get through that first. And then see where we go from there. 
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Seth Seifman of JPMorgan.  We'll move on. We'll go next to the line of Peter Arment of Baird. 
Peter Arment: Scott, the question regarding liquidity, you guys have continued to generate a lot of cash. It looks like you're going to continue to gen lot of cash going forward. Do you guys have a target liquidity ratio when you'd start to be more aggressive in terms of deploying it?
Scott Donnelly: We're still being a little bit conservative around the cash side. But recall, part of what the cash that's sitting on the balance sheet right now is that we pre-funded this year's maturities, which is about $500 million, so that cash will come out of our balance sheet to pay off the debt. There's two tranches that are due this year. After that, we don't have another one until 2024. So, I think we're in very good position on cash. As we said, we have reinitiated our buyback program, and so certainly we will allocate capital to doing that. And I think we'll be a little conservative maybe here at the beginning just to make sure we understand where the end markets and what's going on with the economy, but I think it gives us plenty of degrees of flexibility going forward. 
Peter Arment: And just a clarification on the kind of the Aviation plan for deliveries, just kind of first half versus second half, assuming  I assume it's kind of your normal second half weighted when we think about the delivery cadence.
Scott Donnelly: Yes, I would say that. I think it's going to look like a kind of a normal year for us.
Operator: And we'll revisit Mr. Seifman's line. With JPMorgan.
Seth Seifman: Just real quick, I apologize if I missed it at the beginning, but if you talk about the expectations for the Industrial business this year and sort of fairly nice profitability, where that stacks up between sort of Kautex and vehicles, even if it's not a number, but kind of qualitatively. And then sort of where you are on the path of where you think profitability can be in vehicles.
Scott Donnelly: I think we'll see nice rebounds in both businesses as we go into 2021. The trajectory on the Kautex side  we use IHS data kind of like everybody does. So, I think expectations for continued recovery in the automotive market is what we're expecting. We certainly saw that volume driving into Q4. There's always, as all the auto guys have been ramping back up, some supply chain issues and shortages here and there. But I think largely they're working through those and I think our deliveries will be much improved here in 2021. A lot of hybrid which is good mix for us. We have a really good position in that segment of the market. So, I think we feel pretty good about the trajectory that Kautex is on. And frankly, back at the sort of strong margins.  On the vehicle side, ex the ground support equipment business, because I think that's going to continue to be challenged here until we start to see the commercial aviation business coming back, we certainly expect to see another solid year in golf. The PTV business, which was very strong for us in the back half of last year, we expect to see that continued momentum. And powersports, when you look at everything from PTVs and side by sides and even through the snowmobiles, retail has been very strong. To be honest, we've been struggling to keep up just because we've got our own supply chain challenges based on smaller suppliers and COVID and whatnot. So, I think that business will see growth, in part by continued growth and on the demand on the retail side. And in part, we know we have restocking to do. So, I think the inventory  I'd rather see the inventory on a very low level and a high level, obviously. So, I think we're in a good place. But we definitely feel like we'll see growth based on both end market retail demand as well as our need to restock dealers out there.
Seth Seifman: And then, the longer term, thoughts on profitability in that business?
Scott Donnelly: I think we'll continue to see that business growing. The margins in historical businesses are good. On the offroad side, we need to see more volume in that business. Obviously, the capability and manufacturing capacities is considerably greater than what we've been seeing the last couple of years here in terms of our manufacturing rates. And as we continue to grow those, which includes 2021, there's no question we'll see improved profitability in that segment of the business.
Seth Seifman: Just one follow-up on Aviation. You mentioned the strength in usage of fractional and charter aircraft. Do you think about that mix in terms of your customer base evolving significantly in that direction as we look out over the course of the next couple of years?
Scott Donnelly: I think that we've always seen that mix. The issue is usually a balance where companies or  most of our customers, they own their own companies. And they have the asset, they use the asset for both business and leisure travel. So, I think the only dynamic right now in the marketplace is you're seeing so many using it more for leisure than business just because of the lack of the number of business trips. But when we see new customers coming into the market, those customers are going to come in. And I think those assets will be deployed much like our historical customer base has. They'll use it for both business and leisure travel.
Seth Seifman: So, you see that mix between sort of retail and fractional charter looking fairly similar over the next few years as it has in the past in terms of your deliveries. 
Scott Donnelly: You're talking about how many are being sold in kind of what we would call retail versus through the NetJets of the world? Yes, I think that the mix is going to look much like it has. It's funny, going through these cycles, it stays  have been about that same ratio. Obviously, with Latitude and Longitude out there, that has helped us get back to our more normal share in the fractional world. But no, I don't think you're going to see any structural change between those who choose to operate by owning a fraction of an aircraft versus flying a charter versus owning whole aircraft.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs. 
Noah Poponak: Scott, what's happening with Shadow replacement? Is that happening? When is it happening? And how big is that in annual revenue for you at this point?
Scott Donnelly: The Shadow replacement, which is the FTUAS program, is ongoing. As you probably know, there were several different platforms which were deployed to different army bases to do their own soldier evaluations. There's another step in that process coming up in a few months, which the army hosts a rodeo where they'll bring each of the platforms all to one base and the soldiers will operate those different systems. And that will help them to inform them in terms of what are the requirements. So, I think the army current plan on FTUAS is they'll go through all those evaluations this year, including that rodeo, and by the end of the year, have come up with what they have as their requirements document, which they would then turn around and issue as an RFP. So, I would expect that would probably be sometime early in 2022. 
Noah Poponak: Can you give us a sense for how much annual revenue that contributes to systems at this point? 
Scott Donnelly: No, I don't think so. We don't break out revenue within the individual segment line. But as you saw, we just got an order for $66 million, which is building more aircraft in the block three configuration. So, Shadow operations, obviously, continue, upgrades continue. And I expect we'll see that sort of activity up until the army decides what they're going to do in terms of their next generation platform. 
Noah Poponak: Following up on the Bell margin discussion, I guess any way to size the Future Vertical Lift investment, incremental investment you're making? And I guess, you've started the year forecasting that segment's margin to be about 12.5% as you've done for this year and then have exceeded that. And I guess I'm wondering, I guess maybe if there's just less upside this year as you're definitively making an investment or if you still have some of the mature program upside drivers that you normally have? 
Scott Donnelly: Well, we definitely have headwind on the increased R&D on the FVL program. So, we've got both FLRAA and FARA going on at the same time. And FARA is reaching a point here where we're incurring a fair bit of cost around building flight test articles. So, I think it largely reflects  first of all, we are going to see somewhat lower revenue in the year, driven by those lower deliveries around H1s and commercial, offset with some higher R&D on the FVL program. And that's why we're guiding somewhat lower revenue and fairly modest margin compression based on that additional R&D. 
Noah Poponak: Can you size how much higher the R&D is? 
Scott Donnelly: No. 
Noah Poponak: Just one last one on the question of the quarterly progression through the year at Aviation. I know it's always seasonally heavier in the back half versus the first half. But is it correct to assume that it will be significantly less back-half loaded than it was in 2020, given the pressures that were there in the first half of the year? 
Scott Donnelly: Well, I would say that it's going to be characteristically heavier. Q4 is always our biggest quarter. Q1 wasn't hurt that badly. Frankly, in Q1 last year, things kind of just happened in March. So, I think that the Q1 on a year-over-year basis won't look very different than Q1 in 2020 as 2020 was fine. The real big difference is going to be that our deliveries in Q2 and Q3 are going to be more normal whereas Q2 and Q3 of 2020 where ordinarily well. 
Operator: We'll go next to line of Kristine Liwag of Morgan Stanley. 
Kristine Liwag: Scott, with fewer commercial flights and city pairs available as commercial airlines still recover, one would think that demand for business jets should recover at a steeper rate than overall return of business travel. Are there other items or dynamics we should consider and why that may not be the case? Because I would just think that with fewer options in commercial flights, especially when you get to the smaller hubs and US manufacturing that your business should really be recovering at a faster rate than the overall market?
Scott Donnelly: I do think we're seeing that. So, the dynamic is business aviation flight hours have recovered much faster than commercial, obviously. They were up over  at about 85%. Again, in November and December, in the US, they were actually up above what they had been in prior year. But the dynamic that I think you have to moderate that a little bit is that all that recovery really is driven by leisure travel. So, in a normal world, we probably  and again, the data is not collected exactly this way. So it's hard to get the exact numbers around it. But you'd certainly say that most business jet flying are business trips and then there's an augmentation of utilization of those aircraft for leisure travel. I think what we're seeing right now is almost exclusively leisure travel. So, you've got almost back to where you were on a more normalized basis in terms of flight hours, but all of the flying, almost all the flying is leisure.  So, as you start to see the economy recover, as you see travel restrictions come down, you see more business flying, again, you start to see conferences coming back, and business trips and meetings, these sorts of things that when you add that on top of what we're already seeing and strong demand on the leisure side that you will see very strong demand on the bizjet side, dramatically over what we've seen in the past. And it is because of the dynamic that you're talking about, which is with the fewer flights, for someone to go from a small airport area to a trip that's going to land them in another small airport area with fewer flights to get through hubs, it's a day. It's very challenging with those lower schedules. And I think health is also part of it. People feel more comfortable getting into an aircraft with just themselves or family versus getting onto commercial aircraft.  So, the issue is that this rebound, which has been much more pronounced than what we've seen in commercial, is all leisure. And so, our belief is when you add business travel back on top of that, that you will see this in a very strong recovery.  But again, today, even though we're seeing and feel very good about the rebound in travel, it really is only on the leisure side because you still have very little business travel. And that's what's muting it a little bit, but I expect that will change, again, as the economy starts to come back and people start to travel on business trips.
Kristine Liwag: And if I could add another question on a separate topic. We're seeing a lot of new entrants in the urban air mobility market. How are you thinking about this? Do you think the air taxi industry could really gain traction? And also, what's your progress on your Nexus aircraft?
Scott Donnelly: As you know, we've made investments in our Nexus platform. We continue to work on that program, but we are being a little cautious here to gate how much we spend and where we invest, understand what the regulatory environment is going to look like. Because there are two issues here. One is these are aircraft that are going to have human beings in them, and therefore, they will have to go through a full regulatory approval process. Those standards are evolving and trying to understand with certainty what it will take to certify such an aircraft.  And the other is the air taxi model. And again, we don't operate the taxi model, but obviously the business case of how much you invest and what the volume looks like will depend on how are these businesses going to operate. And again, there is, I believe, a real  a lot of regulatory uncertainty as to getting approval for the routings and where are these things going to fly and at what altitudes and what kind of controlled airspace for the vision that people have around the air taxi. There's still a lot of uncertainty around what that regulatory environment looks like. So, I would say that I think when you think about the technology that's involved and the ability to design and certify an aircraft that can meet that mission, our team in Bell is absolutely qualified and capable to do that. I would say far much more so than a lot of the other hype that you hear out there. But I do think we have to be cautious here in terms of not getting too far out front of a regulatory environment that's very uncertain in order to allow that business model to be successful. And we'll go next to the line of Cai von Rumohr. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr: If you haven't said it already, roughly, where is the tax rate guide for 2021? And on the pension, you've got a swing of $63 million. That adds, it looks like, 50 bps to your margin, $0.18 to earnings? Is that mostly centered at Bell and at aviation? Thanks.
Frank Connor: The tax rate is 18%. We had mentioned that. On the pension side, the impact does not impact Bell because Bell has a separate plan. So, the impact is otherwise spread across the rest of the businesses as well as any corporate employees.
Cai von Rumohr: R&D at Bell, I assume that's  you mentioned that's the big lift in R&D. Does that continue into next year? Because I would assume on V-280, your R&D is at a lower level, predominantly at FARA. And how far in the future does that level of R&D continue roughly?
Scott Donnelly: Well, that's absolutely right, Cai. So, on the FLRAA activity, which is the lesser active right now, realty, because you're sort of in a phase here where you're finishing the phase two of the CRR program on FLRAA. That goes until March of 2022. Right? So, that level of activity is  in that timeframe minute  and it becomes the lesser of the two, the one that's really going to drive a lot of the R&D here for the next two years is the FARA program. Because right now, you're in the middle of all of the detailed design, you're starting component manufacturing and assembly. As you go into 2022, first flight is at the end of 2022. So, you have all of the costs in 2022 is really driven by the FARA program and completing all design and getting ready for flight test program. Then you go into 2023, that's really the flight test program through the course of that year. So, that's the program schedule. And so, the relative level of R&D is highly driven by FARA, particularly as you get into 2022, 2023. This year, it's a little more balanced, but a significant increase in FARA spending as you go through this year.
Cai von Rumohr: One last one. Cash deployment. You've basically taken care of your near-term maturities. It looks like you're focused totally on share repurchase. To what extent do you think of M&A and/or dividend?
Scott Donnelly: I don't think we're in a point right now where we're going to have a lot of dialogue around the dividend. I think that strategy served us well as we went through a challenging year this year. M&A would have to be opportunistic, Cai. If something came along that we thought made a lot of sense, but for the time being, our view is it is primarily going to be focused around share buybacks. and again, we'll kind of gate that as we see what's going on with the economy and how the businesses are performing.
Cai von Rumohr: If you look at your business, you've got lots of different businesses and systems. Any thought about rationalizing your portfolio, so that it's more concentrated? Obviously, Aviation and Bell are concentrated. But if you look at Systems, it really isn't. Any thoughts about that?
Scott Donnelly: You're right. Systems has been a series of smaller business, again, primarily defense oriented. And our strategy in that area has been largely to invest through primarily organic activity. And if you look, I think, at where we are today on things like ship to shore, which is going to turn into a very nice program for us, we did make a small investment obviously on the ATAC side and that has been augmented by investments in bringing new aircraft on and that last year was a huge year for us in terms of winning that Air Force CAPCAS program, some of the important task orders, which was our strategy, as well as, obviously, winning the recompete on the Navy side, the weapons business to be a major player on GBSD program. Look at some of the things we're doing around the land vehicle side. We'll start the first deliveries of the RCV medium here in the quarter.  So, those are very nice businesses. I think they can generate very nice margins. And they're frankly going to be benefiting here from the end of last year and going through this year from a lot of investment that we made and a lot of new programs that we want. So, I think it's going to be a nice growing and very successful business for us.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our Q&A session for today's call. This conference will be available for replay today, after 10 a.m. Eastern Time, running through May 1 at midnight. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system by dialing 1-866-207-1041 and entering the access code of 4600749. International participants may dial 402-970-0847. Those numbers again are 1-866-207-1041 and 402-970-0847 with the access code of 4600749.  That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Textron Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Eric Salander. Please go ahead.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Revenues in the quarter were $2.7 billion, down from $3.3 billion in last year's third quarter. During this year's third quarter, we reported net income of $0.50 per share, compared to $0.95 per share in the third quarter of 2019. Adjusted net income and non-GAAP measure was $0.53 per share for the third quarter of 2020. Adjusted net income excludes $7 million of pre-tax special charges $0.03 per share after tax, related to the restructuring plan announced in the second quarter. Segment profit in the quarter was $189 million, down from $297 million in the third quarter of 2019. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions totaled $344 million, up $163 million from last year's third quarter. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric, and good morning, everyone. Overall, the third quarter results reflected a strong operating performance across all our teams with strong cash generation and improved margins. At Bell, we had a very strong quarter with 15% operating margin on slightly higher revenues. On the commercial side of Bell, we delivered 41 helicopters down from 42 in last year's third quarter. Military remain strong in the quarter largely due to higher aftermarket volume on existing contracts in support of the V-22 and H-1 fleets. Also in the quarter, Bell continued to increase the scope of its support of the U.S. military aircraft, with the award of a new $213 million H-1 Spares contract. In the past year, H-1 aftermarket contracts now total over $1 billion. Also in the third quarter, Bell finalized [ph] a $272 million contract on the H-1 program, with the Czech Republic for eight Yankees and four Zulus. On future vertical left, the V-280 continues to fly and supported the Army's Risk Reduction Program, and has now flown over 190 hours as we continue to demonstrate the capabilities of this aircraft to our army customer. On FARA Bell has begun building a 360 Invictus prototype aircraft, starting with gearboxes, rotors and airframe structure. Our new Textron systems third quarter was strong with margins of 13.2%. In the quarter, systems was awarded an initial contract to support the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent missile system, as a subcontractor to Northrop Grumman with work beginning this year. Also in the quarter systems received an additional task order for the Air Force CAPCAS program to support Eglin Air Force Base. This reward is an addition to the two bases announced at the end of the second quarter. Just as we also announced, the successful flyway of the first two Ship to Shore Connector Craft 100 and 101. These two crafts are now stationed to Panama City, Florida, where they've been placed in the testing and operational roles by the U.S. Navy. The aviation revenues were down in the quarter as expected, from lower new aircraft deliveries and aftermarket volume. We delivered 25 jets down from 45 last year, and 21 commercial turboprops down from 39 last year's third quarter. While the pandemic impacted volume in the quarter, we did see aircraft utilization levels continue to recover and we're encouraged by new order flow. Order activity was strong in the quarter reflecting an increase in new aircraft bookings, resulted in backlog growth of $400 million to $1.8 billion at the quarter end. On the new product front, we inducted a third Cessna SkyCourier into the aircraft certification program, which to-date has accumulated over 240 flight hours. Program is progressing well and the aircraft is on track for certification and enter into service in the second-half of 2021. We announced the new Beechcraft King Air 360, which recently received a FAA Type Certification. This updated turboprop includes technological advancements to the flight deck and enhancements to passenger comfort. Moving to industrial, revenues were down from last year's third quarter, primarily due to lower volume of specialized vehicles, specifically reflecting the timing of snowmobile deliveries and reduced demand in the ground support equipment business. Our specialized vehicles, we continue to see strong retail demand in our outdoor and powersports' business during the third quarter, and expect revenue growth in the fourth quarter. At Caltex, the automotive production outlook has steadily improved since the low point in May, and demand from our customers has returned faster than anticipated. Caltex teams have responded well managing costs and executing through these challenging times, and delivered a strong operating performance in the third quarter. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues of Textron Aviation of $795 million were down $406 million from a year ago, largely due to lower citation jet volume of $234 million, lower aftermarket volume of $95 million and lower commercial turboprop volume of $83 million. Segment loss was $29 million in the third quarter down from a $104 million a profit last year, primarily due to the lower volume. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1.8 billion. Moving to Bell, revenues were $793 million up $10 million from last year on higher military volume, partially offset by lower commercial revenues primarily due to mix of aircraft sold in the period. Segment profit of a $119 million was up $9 million, largely due to favorable impact from performance. Operating margin of the segment was 15%, up a 100 basis points from last year. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $5.7 billion. Our Textron systems revenues were $302 million down $9 million from a year ago, primarily due to lower volume of $20 million, a TRU Simulation and Training. Segment profit of $40 million was up $9 million due to a favorable impact from performance, partially offset by lower volume. Operating margin of 13.2% was up 320 basis points from last year's third quarter. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1.9 billion. Industrial revenues of $832 million were down a $180 million from last year, primarily from lower volume specialized vehicles. Segment profit was $58 million up $11 million from the third quarter of 2019, primarily related to the favorable impact from performance of $24 million, principally reflecting cost production activities, partially offset by lower volume and mix. Operating margin was 7% up 210 basis points from last year's third quarter. Finance segment revenues were $13 million and profit was $1 million. Moving below segment profit, corporate expenses were $28 million and interest expense was $38 million. With respect to our restructuring plan announced in the second quarter, we reported pre-tax charges of $7 million on a special charges line. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we entered into a closing agreement with a State Tax Authority, that will result in the recognition of tax benefits that will reduce our tax expense in the fourth quarter, by approximately $40 million to $50 million. Turning to the balance sheet, we issued 500 million of fixed rate 10 year notes at a coupon of 2.45% in the third quarter, and used the proceeds to pay down the $500 million 360 loan that we entered into in the first quarter. Following the cash performance in the quarter, we ended with approximately $2.7 billion of cash on the balance sheet, and we have effectively pre-financed all our existing term debt maturities through 2021. In the fourth quarter, we expect to repay $350 million of floating rate notes due in November, and $362 million of outstanding borrowings on the corporate-owned life insurance policies that were drawn in the first quarter for additional liquidity. While we continue to believe it is prudent to maintain a higher than normal cash balance, as we close out the year, we expect to reactivate our share repurchase program on an opportunistic basis in the fourth quarter. With that, I'll turn it back over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Frank. To wrap up, our teams executed very well and generated solid results in the third quarter. Looking at the fourth quarter, we expect our defence businesses to continue their strong performance. At aviation, we expect to return to profitability as they begin to capitalize on the new aircraft order flow generated in the third quarter. At an industrial, we expect a continuation of the rebound in our end markets. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we can open the lines for questions.
Operator: Okay. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Robert.
Robert Stallard: First of all, Scott, I was wondering if there's been any change to your thoughts on 2021 deliveries at aviation. Are you still thinking about the same as you were three months ago?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. I think the order flow has been encouraging, Rob. I would say at this point, our plan is that we probably see about half of the recovery. If you look at the dip from '19 into '20, we would expect to see about half of that come back in demand in '21.
Robert Stallard: Okay. And then secondly for me, in terms of the fourth quarter, you gave us some points on the business. But I was wondering if very strong cash flow that you saw in the third quarter, can be continued? Or did you pull some items forward into the third quarter?
Robert Stallard: I think we'll continue to see good cash flow. It's pretty balanced across working capital and across all segments of the business. As you know, we tend to have growth in inventory going into a fourth quarter and then burn that down. And this year the inventory was obviously something we've been managing much more closely, but I expect that we will continue to see good cash generation in Q4.
Robert Stallard: That's great. Thank you very much.
Scott Donnelly: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Peter Arment from Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter Arment: Good morning, Scott, Frank. Hey Scott, just maybe good to see the backlog kind of a spike up at aviation. Can you give us a little color there on kind of what the mix of what you're seeing there?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. It's pretty much across the board. We've seen nice pickup in jet activity. And it really is from lights through our mid-sized super-midsized platforms, which is good. And also pretty strong order activity in the King Air family.
Peter Arment: Okay. And just as a follow-up and staying in aviation. Just the lower aftermarket demand, I guess it still seems a little surprising to us just given what we've heard about this jet flight activity. What are you seeing there? And do you expect that actually start to turn the corner before we see deliveries pick up?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean, it sequentially it certainly is improving, Peter. So it's still down in the sort of low-to-mid 20s on a year-over-year basis. But as we've seen the flight activity continue to grow, the service is coming back with that. So it's not surprising that it would trail a little bit, but we don't think it'll get back to comparable in fourth quarter, where we certainly expect to see it continue to sequentially improve.
Peter Arment: I appreciate the color. Thanks, guys.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hi. Good morning, guys, and thank you. On aviation, I realized there was a tough slog from the losses in Q2, but how do we think about the past to breakeven and losing pieces that you saw in Q3 and going forward?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think given the backlog that we've seen and deliveries that are scheduled now for Q4, Sheila, I definitely think that we'll see profitability at aviation in Q4. What we're trying to get that to claw all the way back to kind of breakeven on the year, whether we get there or not, it will probably be close depending on how the demand and service activity and whatnot happens in the quarter. But certainly, we're expecting a profitable Q4 and getting the business back to breakeven.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay. And then switching over to Bell. I think there's been a lot of noise from third parties on FAAR and FLRAA on the future of the program, which I disagree with. But perhaps you could provide us your thoughts Scott, and how you're thinking about that? And if there's any change with the administration next week, how you think about the future of that program too?
Scott Donnelly: Okay. We continue to have a lot of dialogue from the working level all the way to very senior members in the army. There is no question that they are very committed to the FBL programs. It's one of the highest priority programs they have in monetization in the army. They realized it's absolutely critical to their capability and the role that they play, whether that's in near pure competition, or just in general. I know they recognize that their operating aircraft that are 40 going on 50 years old technology. And for sure they've been upgraded over the years, but the capability that they're looking for in FBL, is something they need. As I said, it's a very high priority. They're rational people. They understand budgetary pressures, and they know there will be budgetary pressures, regardless of whether there's a change in administration or not, I'd say over time. But look, these are very long cycle programs, and they're committed to the programs, and they've worked hard to make sure that they have the ability to budget and fund these programs. And obviously, from our standpoint, we're very focused on continuing to execute on it. As I said, in the prepared remarks, the V-280 continues to fly, it's done great. As you know, we've been over 300 knots flight level. We've demonstrated level one maneuverability, so most critical things that they're looking for in speed and range, maneuverability, we've demonstrated now. Hard to believe it, but we've been - the flight test program almost three years in December. So on the FARA front, we're making great progress, starting to build initial critical components of the aircraft. So, I think our teams even through the whole COVID process continue to make great progress and work hard at demonstrating the capability of the products that we've designed and built for the army. So, we feel very good about the program.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland from Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Carter Copeland: Hey, good morning, guys. Just wondering if you could speak about the margin performance of Bell and the productivity commentary there. And just if you encountered any COVID-related costs, and how you anticipate if there's reimbursement of those? Or just what it was that you saw that drove that? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: So, look on the cost front, I mean, for sure, there are some costs that are directly incurred. We've had some disruptions here and there. But I have to say, that business and this has been true in several of our businesses continue to operate through the whole COVID process. And obviously, we had to put all the proper safety protocols in place. And I think those have been very successful. But our guys have continued to execute. We're getting the output; we're delivering what the customer needs. Obviously, one of the things we're benefited from is we've seen a significant uptick in the amount of activity on the installed base contracts on V-22 and H-1, and that's driven some additional volume through some critical parts of the factory, which has yielded good productivity. So I think that for sure, there have been some minor relatively speaking, I would say minor costs incurred in the process of working through a difficult time, but really what you're seeing in terms of margin performance is just good solid performance by our teams, and executing well on some increased volume going through the shops.
Carter Copeland: Okay, great. And then just a quick follow-up on aviation. Just with respect to Q4 deliveries, what you're looking for there? I mean, I know there have been some challenges getting some aircraft delivered and whatnot due to restrictions. How are you thinking about the remainder of the year, just as it's important to think about the '21 commentary you gave us earlier?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I would say there's risk here and there on a couple aircraft, if a customer is unable to show up for get the - take the delivery. Again, we're still living in a bit of a dynamic world, obviously, in terms of restrictions around travel and things like that. But at least as we see it right now, it's sort of one offs here and there. It's not - we don't expect it to be a material number, obviously, that could change if there is a real big change in terms of travel restriction. And again, there much like a Bell, the teams are working. We have occasional disruptions on supply base issues and things like that, but in general, are working our way through it. So I think we feel pretty confident that we'll be able to deliver on the volume that we're expecting to see in Q4, and obviously, we expect to see the same in that assumption in terms of how we recover and increase volume in 2021.
Carter Copeland: Okay, great. Thanks for the color Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Yes, good morning. Scott, you avoided answering Carter's question about specific deliveries in the fourth quarter. I mean, you're expecting somewhere around 50 deliveries in the fourth quarter?
Scott Donnelly: I didn't think Carter asked for a specific number. Of course, if he had, I would have evaded the question.
George Shapiro: Okay. So you're going to evade my question as well.
Scott Donnelly: George, you know we don't give a forecast of the exact numbers, and like, it's not an environment, probably where we would do that. But certainly, we feel like the order book coming through Q3, we're pleased with the amount of activity. We're pleased with the amount of activity that we're still seeing out there in the marketplace. And look, I think our expectations are that we'll see a decent recovery coming out of this. This is as you know a very different environment than maybe what we've seen before, where you had challenges in the sand [ph] market. The used market continues to be robust. If you look at activity, and that light to mid-size jet market in the EU side is quite strong. I mean, your brokers talking about that all the time, we certainly see that, in selling our own used aircraft business. So, again, as you know, these things are all sort of subject to something crazy happening from an overall market environment. But right now, we think the demand is looking pretty good. The fundamentals are good, and then we ought to be able to deliver a good fourth quarter.
George Shapiro: In terms of orders in the fourth quarter, Scott, you expect orders to be significantly better than Q3? I mean, usually your fourth quarter is the biggest order quarter.
Scott Donnelly: Well, Q4 can be a decent quarter, George. As you know, usually the book of bill is not there, because usually our strongest delivery quarter is in Q4. But as I said, I think right now, we are continuing to see good activity. Look, some of those aircraft we will deliver in Q4, but for sure, we're starting to see bookings and things that are aircraft deliveries are out in 2021, as well.
George Shapiro: But I mean like last year, the implied orders in Q4 were $1.5 billion versus $1.2 billion in Q3, so you did almost a $1.2 billion this Q3, would you expect to see a $1.5 in orders in Q4?
Scott Donnelly: George, I don't honestly don't know. I mean, I think that, trying to dial in on that number is something we probably won't do anything, because we just don't know, right? Look, our sales teams are out there, they're selling. I'm encouraged by the amount of activity; we're seeing deals close. Aircrafts are moving at a good pace. So, I mean, we never guide that number. But we certainly feel good about what's going on in the end market.
George Shapiro: And the percentage of orders in the quarter from NetJets, can you disclose that?
Scott Donnelly: We do not. But suffice to say there are orders in the quarter, and I expect to the orders in the quarter for Q4. So, again, look, the encouraging part about what's going on in the market is that we're seeing increased activity in flight hours, and we're seeing increased demand. And when we talk to guys that are, frankly charter operators of our aircrafts from companies that are, guys like wheels up that are memberships-oriented kind of companies. And from NetJets, who as you know is a very important partner for us in that fractional market. The demand, in all of those areas appears to be quite strong, which is encouraging not only for deliveries this year, but also for ability some order book and giving us some visibility into 2021.
George Shapiro: Okay. Thanks very much. I'll get back in the queue for some more.
Scott Donnelly: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Strauss from Barclays. Please go ahead.
David Strauss: Hey, thanks. Good morning. I guess asking George's question another way. Are NetJets fully what they de-booked in Q1?
Scott Donnelly: Guys, we've never given backlog by aircraft, and certainly not by customer. So, I don't think we would provide that guidance. I would say from a color standpoint, we feel good about where NetJets is. I think they feel good about where their market is, and they're seeing strong demand. A lot of it is new customers coming to the market, which is good for business aviation overall.
David Strauss: Okay. And just roughly taking Scott the deliveries now forecast that you're talking about for 2021. It looks like the last time you were at similar kind of volume Cessna was a mid-single digit margin business. Is that the right place to think about for next year, just I guess given the cost cutting that you've done and maybe a bit of a different mix in terms of bigger airplanes coming through?
Scott Donnelly: No. Look, I mean obviously we're not doing 2021 guidance at this point, but when we get to the call in January, we would expect at this point that we'll get back to providing you that kind of revenue and margin expectations for the year.
David Strauss: Okay. I guess last one. Looking at industrial Caltex versus vehicles, was Caltex actually up year-over-year in the quarter? And I think you commented special, the vehicle side would be up in Q4. Is that sequentially or year-over-year you're talking about? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Well, from a revenue standpoint, we weren't back to where it was on a year-over-year basis, and obviously the same is true in the specialized vehicles business. But we did see a recovery, frankly that was stronger than we expected, particularly in North America and Asia, looks strong. Europe is still a little bit soft. So revenue is not up on a year-over-year basis, but it was up significantly, obviously from where we were in Q3 and delivered good margins.
David Strauss: Okay. Thanks very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes, thanks a lot, and good results. So I was kind of surprised by how good numbers were at industrial and Bell as well as the extent of the drop at aviation. Could you maybe walk us through any favorable adjustments or unfavorable adjustments, particularly EACs? And were there any sort of catch ups or anything in the profit? Because those numbers at industrial are kind of better than anything, I can think of that you've done in a long time? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Cai. Well, look industrial, that's not the kind of counter so we don't do EACs or catch up sort of things like that. I think that, obviously, as we went through the last six months, there was a lot of focus on efficiencies and cost reductions and trying to optimize the operation. So as volume came back into those businesses, they performed well and delivered good margin. We expected for instance in the Caltex side, we're anticipating how long getting some fairly good mix, a lot of the newer technology, particularly around hybrid vehicles and things like that, where we have a good position and a strong product line are contributing there as well. So, on the industrial front, it was just delivering and converting well on volume starting to come back into those businesses. I don't think there's anything particularly notable. I think the best color to give you on Bell is that we really have seen nice growth in the aftermarket side, particularly on the military programs, and H-1s and V-22s and that's driven additional volume and critical technologies for us, right. It's a lot of our gearboxes rotating things and blades and things of that nature, which help to drive good productivity and efficiency in terms of utilization of the factories, and that I think was good margin business.
Cai von Rumohr: Thanks. So Bell, you consistently talk of the drop in margins to 10% to 12%. And the margins pretty consistently go up. How should we think about where your margins might be next year? I mean, does 10% to 12% assume kind of the level of military aftermarket you were seeing, and therefore, that's now too low? Or are we going to see a steep drop off? And if so, why is it because it looks like, you would be headed for a cliff, maybe talk a little bit about the trend we should expect in '21?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Cai, I think that we'll obviously get the guidance in '21 or later time. But overall we work again on these and in some cases, multiyear contracts. We've had additional volume come in, but as you know, as you do future contracts, these are negotiated deals, and you expect to see some pressure on some of those margins, once that higher volume is in there and goes into your base numbers. But a lot of it will depend, frankly, for us on what level of R&D do we continue to spend around these FAAR and these FLRAA programs, which will certainly pressure as you know, those are cost share programs. So the government's funding a lot of that, but there is still a contribution for us to have to make in support of those programs. And there's still a lot of work to do there. So, that will put some margin pressure on a go forward basis, as well. And over the long-term, it'll depend a lot on how we do on volume of bringing in additional [Indiscernible] cases and things of that nature. So, I still think this is a low-double-digit margin business. We've always said that 10% to 12% number. Originally, people didn't believe us and said no, it's going to be 8% to 9%. Now, people don't believe us and say it's going be 13% to 14%. So on the average it sounds like 10% to 12% is probably about right.
Cai von Rumohr: Last one, could you give us any sizing of the EACs you've been seeing there at Bell, as you come down the end on the V-22?
Frank Connor: Not at Bell. I mean, the program adjustment for the quarter was $22.5 million compared to $21 million last year. So on a year-over-year basis, total Textron, there was no big deal.
Scott Donnelly: Yes, there is no change on a year-over-year basis certainly. So Cai, I think we had good margins in the system side as well. And I think part of that is - look we're sort of turning the corner, I would say on the Ship to Shore development program. We've started getting more aircraft deliveries. Collection lines are starting to run better. We're starting to get supply parts coming in at the right time. Obviously, we've got the initial units now from the definitized production. Contract are starting to enter into production. So that's a program that obviously is going to start to be a contributor to the profit and the rest of the business, frankly, continues to perform well. And we expect that as we see some of these new things like the CAPCAS program start to roll in, again, that'll generate revenue and good margin. So I think that systems is also going to run in that little double-digit margin area.
Cai von Rumohr: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kristine Liwag: Hi, good morning, guys.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Kristine Liwag: I just wanted to circle back on Textron Aviation, so the bookings that you've had so far, can you provide more color on the pricing environment and competitive dynamics?
Scott Donnelly: No. We had slight positive pricing in the quarter, and you'll see that. But the market, I think, again, it benefits from not having this huge number of used aircraft out there, particularly not new young used aircraft that puts pricing on customers considering do they buy a used aircraft or new aircraft. So that's a positive for us. Look, I think we all know in general, people were planning higher production rates this year than what the demand has turned out to be in the market. So you do occasionally see deals or someone's trying to move aircraft. And we're trying to be much more disciplined about that. And instead of reining our production volumes and maintaining reasonable pricing. And I think that's what you'll see in the quarters that we had slightly positive pricing.
Kristine Liwag: Thanks. And also as that department plan out their fleets, to what extent has fewer commercial airline routes affected their buying decision so far? And when you think about customers who are in the cusp of ordering an aircraft that has been quite find the dotted line. What's the variable that they're looking at that would make them more confident in ordering? Is it more visibility with the economy? Is it a vaccine? Easing border restrictions? Can you just provide more color in terms of their decision tree?
Scott Donnelly: It's hard to say. I mean, be anecdotal I guess, I mean, every customer is a bit different. But there's no doubt that, as an industry, I mean, we're seeing new aircraft, I believe that again, charters and cubs and fractional owners are also seeing this, that you have people that are coming into business aviation that have not historically been in business aviation, or owned an equity piece of an aircraft. And clearly, again the macro environment out there right now is there is some help dynamic to it, there probably is. It is also the fact that for a lots of companies and individuals that aren't around hub airports. We all know that when you see the dramatic reduction in the number of commercial flights, particularly if you have to connect through someplace, the reduction in the number of flights is making it very difficult for people to get from point A to point B in the country, without taking a whole day doing it. So, I think the convenience factor which a lot of customers obviously have enjoyed for many, many years, is becoming more appealing to a lot of other folks, as it becomes hard to travel commercially. And look, our view over the long-term is maybe some of that is people that might charter or maybe they go back to commercial airline someday, but we think a lot of people once they've experienced the convenience and the productivity and efficiency of traveling private, they'll stick with it.
Kristine Liwag: Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Raviv from Citi. Please go ahead.
Jon Raviv: Hey, good morning, everyone. Scott, just kind of big picture. What's the visibility and confidence to getting back to sort of what I'll call like '18-'19 segment profit levels? What's in your control versus what's not in your control? Pre-COVID you used to talk about aviation meeting pricing to deliver better margin, are you seeing that pricing now? Industrial had room for self-help pre-COVID, that's still the case? So, just holistically, what's the path back here?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I mean, obviously, it's different in each one of the businesses. First of all, obviously, in Bell and systems that have not seen nearly as much disruption going through this, have continued on delivering good margins. I think Bell is in a very good place. Systems, we all know, needed some self-help, particularly around the Ship to Shore Connector program, which, as I said, is steadily improving, and we're starting to feel good about that, not only in executing what we have, but having got the first production contract under our belt. So, I think those guys are going well. Things like the CAPCAS program, which that was a non-trivial investment for us to get all those aircraft ready. And now putting them to work will be a nice turn in the performance of that business. So, I think those guys are fairly straightforward. If you looked in the industrial businesses where Caltex generally converts well, and performs well. And they I think are showing that as we come back, through the auto cycle. And I expect them to continue to perform well. As you know the volume is usually lighter in the automotive industry in Q4, but I think that, again, they're getting back into their normal stride and will do well. We know we had things to do in the industrial side around channel development in particular, and I think that we're seeing the benefits of our relationship with Bass Pro on the tracker side. Our Arctic Cat channel is also performing well, and we're seeing good retail volume through those channels. So, I think cost structure as we've talked about before, we're consolidating some facilities and reducing footprints. And as a result of those restructuring activities, I think we come out of this cycle in TSV in a much better place. So that should drive improved performance versus what we've seen in the past. Look aviation is very much a volume game. We've obviously had to go through some very difficult restructuring here, just in terms of adjusting for a lower volume than where we were in 2018, '19 timeframe. As I've said, I think we'll probably get half of that back is kind of how we think about 2021. And then get back to the road that we were on when we get into the future years. I think our product line-up has never been better, right? When you look at where we are with latitudes and longitudes. SkyCourier is coming along very nicely. So, it's been a rough year for sure for that team, but they continue to make the kind of progress in terms of the positioning of the products and the business and the cost that we should be able to get back on our contract here as we go into 2021 and beyond.
Jon Raviv: Thanks. Scott, and then just following up on aviation comment you talked about getting back to the previous road that we were on. I mean is the double digit margin in that segment a pipe dream at this point, or is that a realistic goal? And also, I'd just say, thinking about production rate as a function of that you're talking about getting half deliveries back in '21. What will be the stable production 0rate in '21? Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I mean, obviously, we've always been trying to target getting back to double digit. We were making good progress, I think, towards getting there. But as I said, you do need to have volume, right? I mean, we have to have a market that is got enough demand that we can get volumes back there to do that. I think, yes, we were getting there. A big part of it was obviously this year, having a full year of longitude. And obviously that, I mean, we have a full year of launch too, but overall, the business has seen a dramatic reduction in demand. So, as I said, I think we'll get about half of that back. So, when we think about the production run rates for 2021, it's targeting delivery, that's going to be sort of somewhere in between where we are this year and where we were in 2019. So we're setting production run rates to achieve that. Obviously, run rates increased through the course of the year, because we expect again, when you think about 2022, that your backup maybe to where you were in '19. But this is a plan guys, right? I mean, I think that we have that kind of visibility in this market, just we haven't had that kind of visibility this market in a very, very long time. So, I feel very good about the macro environment. The fact that there's not used aircraft out there. The fact that we have a very nice product line-up which makes us feel comfortable that we should be thinking that way and planning that way. But obviously, we'll make production line and volume decisions as things play out.
Jon Raviv: I appreciate that, Scott. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ronald Epstein: Hey, good morning, guys. Maybe on the NetJets side, just following up on the whole string of questions that we've had. When the time comes to ramp back up, right, which hopefully isn't too far out, how difficult would that be? I mean, given the restrictions that's going on, how is your workforce enrich the time? And give a sense on how your supply chain is doing?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I don't think it's that difficult to ramp back. Ron, we're certainly not straining our supply chain, obviously. So we have to work very closely with guys like Pratt and Williams and Honeywell around volumes on engines, which obviously are pretty long lead item. Avionics, that kind of, I mean, look, there's nothing magic about it, right? I mean, we work with our supply chain all the time to do these forecasts, and kind of line things up. Frankly, if I looked at some of the things that have been the longest lead times, and the most constraining things and supply base are typically, as you know around bearings and castings and forgings. And to be honest, right now, there's a lot of capacity that's been freed up. I mean, these are common suppliers to commercial aviation. And so as those volumes have dropped, the supply chain, frankly, our biggest struggles over the last four or five years, I mean, the team works through it. And obviously, it hasn't been a problem in the end, but there's a lot of work that goes into ensuring that we get the right supply and source of supply for a lot of those critical items. And that was strained because of the very, very strong demand in the commercial side. Obviously, that's not the case today. So, we still have to do a good job of forecasting and working with suppliers. But I'd say solving those issues is easier than it has been for the last 10-years.
Ronald Epstein: And then maybe another aviation question, if I may. If you look at the fleet utilization today, do you guys have a sense on how many citations are being used just for personal leisure travel as opposed to business travel? And I guess my question is that when we get to a post-COVID world, and you have people flying for business and for all the other reasons they fly. One of the things that kind of seems to me that could happen is business aviation post-COVID could be actually far more robust than it was pre-COVID because of what happened during COVID. So, my question is do you see any evidence of that that something you guys talk about? Or am I completely off beat?
Scott Donnelly: No, look, I think that's the macro environment that I think is a positive right. First of all, to answer your first question, I mean, we don't have the data, right? I mean, we know all of our citations flying, we have very good information on all that stuff. But nobody checks a block that says, hey, this is a personal trip or a business trip. So, I mean, we don't have that data, obviously, to break it out. But I think we know, when you see the market coming back, and you got 85% of the flight hours, we all know that this is conventions aren't happening, you guys aren't having conferences, or I mean there just isn't we all know, there's nowhere near as much business travel happening today as there was a year ago. And so we know that, therefore, that that gap and that increase has a lot of personal use going on of aircraft. And certainly we know this from discussions with our charter operators the cub guys our fractional. Everybody knows that there is a lot more personal travel going on than you would normally see. I mean, if we look at Europe in August, it was over 100% of a year ago. That's not business travel in Europe in August, right. So, you see a much higher utilization of these aircraft for personal reasons right now. And so the case we would make and certainly it's how we think about it is when you think about business travel coming back, and it is starting to come back, right and there's no question more people are traveling and moving around, but not anywhere near the scale of what you would have seen a year ago, that just as we're seeing more people opt to use business aviation for personal reasons, you're going to see more people choose to use business aviation for business reasons. And so you're going to have both higher utilization in personal and higher utilization in business. And therefore, that's what I say drives a better macro environment than we've seen in a long time. And again, as we look at orders as we look at customers, it is that kind of a mix in anticipation of people already using it personally and anticipating using it more on the business front. So that's the reason, frankly, for us to feel bullish about why this will recover in a positive way. And again, also, of course, you have this dynamic of not having this large huge market out there. So I think we'll see aggregate demand increase, and it will look to the new aircraft demand because you don't have a lot of new used aircraft out there to compete with it.
Ronald Epstein: Yes, that makes sense. And then, one last one, if I'm kind of changing subjects completely. Before the pandemic and kind of the whole world got turned upside down, you guys have made a bunch of progress on reshaping the industrial portfolio. Are you comfortable with where it is? Or is there still work to do there?
Scott Donnelly: There's always work to do, but we're comfortable with where we are. And we're very focused, obviously, at this point on executing and operating the businesses. And that's what we're doing. And I think it's working.
Ronald Epstein: Okay, great. Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Hi, good morning, everyone. Scott, last quarter you had provided the forecast that 2020 Cessna jet deliveries would decline 30% to 40% for the year. And the first three quarters are down 40% to 50%. Is the fourth quarter decline less than that 30% to 40% to still pull you into that range for the year? Or does the fourth quarter year-over-year decline look more like what it's been year-to-date?
Scott Donnelly: No, I expect that we'll see some recovery on those percentage basis as we go into Q4, based on the order book and the level of activity we're seeing in the market.
Noah Poponak: Got it. Okay. So that 30% to 40% for the year, stands.
Scott Donnelly: That's still how we're thinking about the year, correct.
Noah Poponak: Got it. And then maybe, looking at Bell commercial, somewhat similarly, the unit change year-over-year there improved nicely in the third quarter versus the first-half of the year. Maybe you could just elaborate on what you're seeing from your customers in that market? And how you're thinking about 2021 at this point?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think that we've certainly seen some softness on the commercial side. And it's largely driven by the fact that it's like aviation and a lot things, it's hard to get a lot of face time with customers, it's hard to kind of just get deals done. As you know our Bell commercial business is heavy on foreign customers. A lot of fleet operators, a lot of our bigger aircraft are international, and it's still a challenge to sell and do demos. And frankly, a lot of these are government or power of public kind of things, and a lot of the world it's hard to get deals done. So I think we'll continue to see that. And again, how does that change into 2021, I wish I could tell you the answer to that. I mean it depends on how the virus is progressing, and what different countries do around governments really getting back to work and getting deals done. So it's been a challenge through the course of the year and I think it'll continue to be one as we go forward.
Noah Poponak: Do you feel like you have less visibility on that on sort of where to set production there for next year than you do with how you're speaking to the Cessna jet business?
Scott Donnelly: No, I think we're pretty well set on what we think the production levels need to be. Again, these are relatively long cycle production, especially when you get into customization and things like that. So, we've made the adjustments that we think we need to make in terms of production. But like I said, I think the only difference it's a little more challenging, maybe Noah is the fact that a lot of more international customers, so.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And Frank, on cash flow. Working capital has been not insignificant use of cash for pretty long time. And in the nice cash flow number you have in the quarter, it looks to be a source. Are you at a pivot point where with all the new jets in Cessna and some churn in some of the other businesses, you've had to use working capital where you can now have that as a source of cash sustainably for a while moving forward? Or is that a bad read?
Frank Connor: No. I mean, look, it moves around, obviously depending on seasonality of the business and other factors. I think the teams have done a really nice job in decelerating as we went into the pandemic and being very focused on working capital utilization and cash generation. And that's reflected in the numbers, as we mentioned earlier in the call, we'll continue to see, I think some liquidation of inventory in the fourth quarter just on the higher volumes that we typically see in that fourth quarter. But then we would expect working capital to kind of seasonally move around as we move into '21. So, we've been very focused on and I think we're doing a better job of managing it. But there's always going to be some quarter-to-quarter volatility to it, but the teams have been very focused on it and done a nice job with it.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much, and good morning. I was wondering, the payroll tax holiday has been a benefit on the cash flow this year. And if so if you could quantify it.
Frank Connor: It's been a benefit. We won't quantify it. But it has been a bit of a benefit, but it hasn't been a kind of significantly material number on cash.
Seth Seifman: Okay. And then, if we were to end the year today, what kind of change in pension expense would you be looking at for '21? And have you given any more thought to mark to market accounting?
Frank Connor: Yes, look there's lots of things that go into the pension calculation. So I can't really kind of snap a line today, because we haven't done all of that analysis. From a discount rate standpoint, their interest rates are down a bit. So that probably creates some headwind. There's a little bit of tailwind associated with just the averaging of various gains and amortizations, and things like that over time? So it's ultimately kind of hard to tell where that will fall out. We wouldn't expect it to be a big headwind as we look at '21. But it may be some headwind. And, I'm not going to kind of comment around looking at different kind of accounting policies vis--vis pension. We'll save that for if and when we were to do anything in that regard.
Seth Seifman: Okay. Thanks. And then maybe one bigger picture, Scott. In the past, I feel like discussions of the business jet demand environment have often revolves around politics and elections and tax rates and all that stuff. And we're potentially looking at a change in administration and higher corporate tax rates. Is all that stuff kind of irrelevant this time given the other demand drivers that you talked about? Or maybe we've just made too much of it in the past?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. I don't know, Seth. It's a good question. I mean, I should say, normally when you see uncertainty or question, and for sure we've seen that before, where people are kind of waiting to understand a tax policy or the outcome of an election, but no markets uncertainty, obviously. It's kind of interesting obviously this year because of the pandemic there's just so much other swirled going out there that maybe it's hard to see what role politics is playing. I mean, generally speaking, I'd say we've seen that in the past, right, where people kind of hold off until they have visibility and then they - look it's kind of interesting, because in the end, everybody goes kind of back to where they were right. It's just, regardless of what the answer is, in terms of a political outcome. It just seems like this year, because of all the other noise around the pandemic it doesn't seem to be playing as prominent role in discussions. But I'm sure there's some of it out there. I think in the end, Seth, as we know we've seen this before in election years, even when we see it on election years, once you get past the election, people kind of get back to life. And I suspect that would be a dynamic here as well.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Yes. I just wanted to follow-up on the margin at Bell and Systems. I mean, the Bell margin was the highest from my record since the fourth quarter of 2012. And the systems was the highest since the third quarter of 2009. So I guess my question is, I mean, obviously, Scott, you've said the Bell margin is not sustainable but the systems margin still seems to be sustainable? Or it's a little bit abnormally high this quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Well, it's probably a little on the high side, George. I think, as I said there we've been seeing steady improvement and a lot of that is self-help around getting the Ship to Shore Connector program squared away, I do think the team has made really good progress on that. And that'll continue to be a contributor. We have had things like the CAPCAS program, which again, as I said, has required investment, which is now converting in the revenue and margin which will help us on a go forward basis. There's also a lot of new programs, a lot of R&D programs that are in there around monetization, which all that will balance out, I think to be, as I said, I think kind of a low double-digit margin business.
George Shapiro: And what gets the margin at Bell down to the range you've talked about? I mean, there's been some expectation that this year would be weaker because you had the new V-22, I mean, obviously getting some benefit by growing after support for that program. But so what happens to get the margin drop as much as it seems to have to drop to get tied to your guide?
Scott Donnelly: Well, again, I think we are ramping up R&D activity and we'll see that continue in the next year, as we got more and more resource coming in, particularly on the FARA program. I expect, as we continue to make progress on FLRAA, we've seen a lot of requirements work here in this early phase of the next phase of that program. And you'll just start to see more engineering in R&D as we sort of head towards a kind of a PDR capability on that platform. And I think we are getting benefits of having more volume going through a lot of these shops. And obviously, as you renegotiate and do future contracts, that volume goes in there and we'll get negotiate it down to a more nominal margin on some of those things. I'm sorry, go ahead, George.
George Shapiro: Sorry about that. This is kind of a trivial question. But you delivered one citation 10 in the quarter, I think the last time, you delivered one was the first quarter of '19. So is there anything unique with that one? Was that one just sitting in inventory if you had any color on that?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, I mean, we've obviously phased that program out. So just the last couple aircraft, which we've been using for other reasons are just finally selling out of inventory.
George Shapiro: Okay. Thanks again very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Eric Salander: Okay, great. That concludes the call on our end.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-30 09:44:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Textron Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. Id now like to turn the conference over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Eric Salander. Please go ahead.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Ryan, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our Web site. Revenues in the quarter were 2.5 billion, down from 3.2 billion in last years second quarter. During this year's second quarter, we recorded 78 million in pre-tax special charges related to the restructuring plan announced in June and a 55 million non-cash inventory valuation charge as we ceased manufacturing at our TRU Simulation & Training Montreal facility. The net loss for the quarter was $0.40 per share. Excluding these charges, adjusted net income was $0.13 per share, down from $0.93 per share in last year's second quarter. Segment profit in the quarter was 82 million, down from 339 million in the second quarter of 2019. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions totaled 215 million, up 113 million from last year's second quarter. With that, Ill turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric, and good morning, everybody. Overall, given the difficult underlying market conditions, second quarter results were solid with strong cash performance and positive adjusted earnings. Our defense businesses performed extremely well with revenue growth and strong operating performance at Bell and Textron Systems. Our commercial businesses implemented aggressive cost mitigation efforts, including employee furloughs, temporary manufacturing shutdowns and reduced discretionary spending to offset the impact of revenue declines in the quarter. At Bell, we had a very strong quarter with higher revenues and a 14.4% operating margin, driven by increased military volume. On the commercial side of Bell, we delivered 27 helicopters, down from 53 in last years second quarter largely driven by lower demand for the 505 Jet Ranger X model and to a lesser extent delivery delays due to COVID-19 travel restrictions. During the quarter, we achieved a number of milestones on the V-22 program, including delivery of the 400th V-22, the first delivery to the U.S. Navy of the CMV variant for the Carrier Onboard Delivery Mission, and the first international V-22 delivery to Japan. Textron Systems revenues were up primarily due to higher volume in our unmanned systems product line. Also within unmanned, Textron Systems was awarded two FMS contracts for total five Aerosonde systems, including initial spares, new equipment trading and logistics support totaling $44 million. Together these and other awards along with the definitization of the first Ship to Shore connector production contract resulted in an increase in backlog of 505 million in the second quarter. In the quarter, Textron Marine & Land Systems successfully completed both builders and acceptance trials for the next Ship to Shore Connector Craft 101. We expect delivery of this unit to the U.S. Navy in Q3. Also at Systems, our Airborne Tactical Advantage Company was recently selected for two task orders on the U.S. Air Force CAPCAS program worth up to $240 million covering a period of performance over the next 54 months. Sorties under these task orders are expected to commence in the fall of 2020 utilizing our fleet of F1 Mirage aircraft. On the commercial side of Systems, weve seen a substantial decline in demand and order cancellations for flight simulators in light of the expected long-term impact of the pandemic on the commercial air transport business. As a result, we previously announced in the second quarter a restructuring plan which impacts our simulation business by ceasing manufacturing at our commercial air transport simulator facility in Montreal. In Aviation, revenues were down in the quarter, as expected, due to the effects of COVID-19 on new aircraft deliveries and aftermarket demand. We delivered 23 jets, down from 46 last year and 15 commercial turboprops down from 34 in last years second quarter. Entering the second quarter, we had already begun to temporarily shut down our manufacturing operations by furloughing employees in response to the effect of the pandemic on demand. In the quarter, we formalized our plans to align our cost structure with the demand outlook initiating direct and indirect workforce reductions as part of our restructuring plan. And we have since restarted most manufacturing operations. Looking to aftermarket, revenues were down 31% compared to last years second quarter due to low overall aircraft utilization which has steadily trended in a positive direction from a low point in April. Our Special Missions group remained very active in the quarter in the quarter and closed several King Air orders, including two 350s to the Royal Flying Doctor Service of Australia, two 350s to the Ministry of Health in Greece and three 350ERs to the U.S. Customs and Border patrol agency. On the new product front, Cessna SkyCourier completed a significant milestone with its first flight test in May. Testing of the aircrafts performance, stability, control and key systems has gone well through 60 hours of flight testing to date. Moving to Industrial, revenues were down from last years second quarter related to the temporary closures of our manufacturing facilities across the globe. At Kautex, we exited the second quarter with a run rate of our global manufacturing operations at about 75% of planned performance levels as auto manufacturers reopened their factories. At Textron Specialized Vehicles, our announced restructuring includes plans to streamline operations, consolidate facilities and reduce the overall cost structure across several of our product lines. Golf and PTV retail demand remained strong throughout the quarter. In the outdoor and powersports, weve seen the market rebound in the quarter with retail sales ahead of prior year for the month of June. With that, Ill turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Lets review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues at Textron Aviation of 747 million were down 376 million from a year ago, largely due to lower citation jet volume of 178 million and lower aftermarket volume of 120 million. The decrease in citation jet volume largely reflected a decline in demand related to the pandemic and to a lesser extent delays in the acceptance of aircraft related to COVID-19 travel restrictions. The lower aftermarket volume reflected lower aircraft utilization. Segment loss was 66 million in the second quarter, down from 102 million of profit last year, primarily due to lower volume and the unfavorable impact of 27 million from performance which included 53 million of idle facility costs recognized in the second quarter of 2020. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at 1.4 billion. Moving to Bell, revenues were 822 million, up 51 million from last year, primarily on higher military volume, offset by lower commercial volume. Segment profit of 118 million was up 15 million, largely on military volume, partially offset by an unfavorable impact from performance. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at 5.8 billion. At Textron Systems, revenues were 326 million, up 18 million from a year ago, primarily due to higher volume in our unmanned systems product line, partially offset by lower volume in the Marine & Land Systems product line. Segment profit of 37 million was down 12 million, primarily due to an unfavorable impact from performance which included a gain of 18 million recognized in last year's second quarter related to our contribution of assets to a training business formed with FlightSafety International. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at 1.9 billion. Industrial revenues of 562 million were down 447 million from last year, 321 million at fuel systems and functional components and 126 million at Textron Specialized Vehicles, primarily due to lower volume related to temporary manufacturing closures. Segment loss was 11 million, down from 76 million of profit a year ago, largely related to lower volume and mix, partially offset by 28 million unfavorable performance. Unfavorable performance in the quarter included the impact of cost reduction activities, partially offset by 8 million of idle facility costs in the quarter. Finance segment revenues decreased 1 million and profit decreased 2 million. Moving below segment profit, corporate expenses were 30 million and interest expense was 37 million. With respect to our restructuring plan announced in the quarter, we recorded pre-tax charges of 78 million on a special charges line and a non-cash inventory valuation charge of 55 million as we ceased manufacturing at our TRU Simulation & Training Montreal facility. Throughout the second quarter, we continued to focus on cash preservation and working capital management. Working closely with our leadership teams across the businesses, we generated manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions of 215 million, up 113 million from last year's second quarter. From a liquidity perspective, we believe we have sufficient funds to meet our obligations and fund our operations despite the uncertain environment. Our cash balance at the end of the second quarter was 2.3 billion after paying down about 300 million of long-term debt and commercial paper. We continue to maintain an undrawn revolving credit facility of $1 billion that matures in October of 2024. With that, Ill hand it back to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Frank. As we begin to gain clarity around the restart of the economy, Id like to touch on each of the segments and their outlook. Industrial, our fuel systems and functional components manufacturing operations are up and running and we expect production to continue to ramp up through the second half of the year in line with auto OEM demand. In the Specialized Vehicles business, were encouraged by what were seeing in the powersports market and we expect sequential growth from the powersports revenue in the second half of 2020. At Aviation, the sales team is back in the field meeting with customers and arranging demonstration flights. We saw a pickup in business jet fight activity in the latter part of Q2 and we expect to see higher new aircraft deliveries and aftermarket revenue in the second half of the year on a sequential basis. So we continue to invest in future vertical lift where we are in the early stages of prototype development on FARA. On FARA, we continue flight testing with the V-280 and were actively working with the U.S. Army and responding to information requests related to the program. At Systems, we saw a number of awards in our unmanned and air adversary businesses that will continue to drive growth in these product lines. Were in the soldier assessment phase of FTUAS with our Aerosonde Hybrid Quad unmanned air vehicle and were progressing on the RCV-Medium program with build-out of initial vehicles. That concludes our prepared remarks. So, operator, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Okay. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is going to come from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hi. Good morning, guys. And thank you for the time. Scott, you just talked about what youre seeing in the aerospace with sales going back out in the field. Can you talk about what you expect to see in terms of Aviation margins and a baseline for that? You called out 27 million of unfavorable or 53 million of idle cost that were offset by 27 million of favorable benefits. So just like the puts and takes and when we get back to our normal Aviation margins in your view?
Scott Donnelly: As you know, Sheila, we had a pretty significant expense in the quarter with respect to the underutilized facilities. Obviously, we do have most of our manufacturing operations  all of our manufacturing operations back up in Aviation, so we certainly expect to see sequential improvements with respect to that. We did take out a fair bit of cost in the second quarter, initially through the furloughs and now as I said weve set through the restructuring kind of what we believe is our run rate through the balance of the year and for 2021. So we wont give specific guidance on the margin rate, but suffice to say that we certainly expect to see them improve as we go through Q3 and Q4. A lot of that obviously will depend on the level of sales activity we see. Right now, we certainly have seen a pick up. Its particularly in the turboprops and the light jets, which is encouraging. Were not seeing as much activity yet in terms of the latitudes and longitudes, for instance, but theres a lot of dialogue going on. And since those are primarily corporate oriented aircraft, I think as people are coming back, most businesses are worried about getting their own businesses up and operating. But certainly, the dialogues are there. And as people go into the end of the year and certainly beginning of 2021, we expect to see an uptick in the order activity there as well. So again, we know were going to be off considerably this year given the fact that factories were shut for several months and weve now re-baselined [ph] the volume, but we do certainly expect to see sequential improvements in margins through the balance of the year.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. And then just another question on Systems. You entered sims [ph] about five years ago and I remember you were pretty excited about it, but a fairly quick exit since pricing is tough in that environment. So the decision makes sense. Margins were really good in that segment. What are the puts and takes, how do you see the future of Systems from here?
Scott Donnelly: I think Systems has performed really well and we have certainly this issue in the commercial transport business which as you can understand given where the airlines are right now is in a very, very tough spot and its been a tough business. And so I think it makes sense for us to scale back in that area. The balance of Systems performance has been really strong. Our unmanned business continues to grow and execute really well. The land vehicle side now, things like RCV-Medium, I think our team is executing well there. We certainly expect over time to see that business grow the definitization. The Ship to Shore Connector program is a big deal for us to now be under the production side. So clearly we expect that to grow. And again, we continue to see incremental better margins as we move out of the development deliveries and into the production deliveries going forward. So I think overall that the performance there is strong and we expect to see continued strong margins with growth driven by the air adversary which again is something we invested in. It took a little bit longer to get there than we would have liked, but I think we feel great about the awards that weve received and that will add both revenue and good margin growth of the business going forward. So I think Systems is kind of moving into more of a growth and better margin performance. I think you see that in the second quarter performance.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Thank you very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning. Scott, wanted to I guess follow up on the question I had last quarter on NetJets. Back last quarter I think NetJets, talked about how they were going to reduce their plan for the year, but I think yesterday or the day before they came out with something with an announcement saying that they were going to reverse that. Can you just talk about how that impacts you?
Scott Donnelly: Look, David, I think what NetJets saw, the same thing that our sales team saw, right. When this thing first hit, all activity kind of stopped. And so NetJets sales team understandably saw all their sales activity taper off. I think the note that you saw on NetJets is that they are seeing the same thing that were seeing from a sales standpoint. Theres demand out there. An awful lot of people, and we even talked about this on the last call as well, are looking at increased use of private aviation. Lots of customers that have not been in the private aviation space before that are inquiring and looking at using privation aviation on a go-forward basis. So I think in the mid to long term, this is a very healthy thing for the industry. I think you see frankly the rate of flying, the number of cycles has rebounded much quicker than youve seen in other pieces of aerospace, so thats very encouraging. And what the bottom line is, as we see increased demand whether thats whole aircraft or whether thats fractional, thats good for us. NetJets is obviously a huge important customer of ours and as they look at that, those latitude and longitude markets and see increased demand, that demand will flow right back to increased volumes in Textron Aviation.
David Strauss: Okay. So is it fair to say that they after revising down their plan with you, they revised up their plan with you?
Scott Donnelly: I think thats very safe to say.
David Strauss: Okay, thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
David Strauss: And then a follow up I guess for you, Frank, on cash flow. I was a bit surprised that inventory was a source of cash in the quarter. Can you talk about where the contribution came from by business and what are you thinking now? I know you had free cash flow pauses for the year. Maybe a bit of a finer point on that now if you could offer that. Thanks.
Frank Connor: Yes. Look, all the businesses did a really nice job of kind of responding to the deceleration on the commercial side of the businesses. So we saw all the businesses frankly perform well in terms of a working capital and inventory management. And so as you said, we saw a strong working capital performance in the quarter. We expect to continue to see good working capital performance in the back half of the year. Were not going to get into specific guidance, but certainly expect from the second half of the year to be cash flow positive and cash flow positive for the full year.
David Strauss: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Carter Copeland: Good morning, gentlemen.
Scott Donnelly: Hi, Carter.
Carter Copeland: Hi. Scott, I wondered if you might kind of help us expand on that in the sales side of Aviation and if theres anything seasonality or cadence to how that sales cycle works. And really what Im getting at is so when it is that  not all corporations are up. They have budgeting cycles and theres a lot of variability across the corporate complex. When is it that you think your sales teams will get a real honest look at any potential change in demand? Is that something that happens this year or is it more like next year?
Scott Donnelly: Thats a very good question, Carter. So as I said, the level of activity and orders that are closing have been stronger on the light side, right. King Air 250s right now are very strong. M2s are strong. So theyre more private businesses, high-net worth individuals sort of customers. Those corporate customers that are more of our latitude and longitude, theres a lot of dialogue going on. Theres conversations, but youre right. They have their budgeting cycles. Obviously, a lot of companies have been watching their CapEx very closely just as we have been. So I think it really  the pace of how the economy recovers and provides certainty is going to be really important to seeing that segment of the market start to actually put down deposits and sign deals. So I wish I could give you a lot better insight in that. Were watching the economy like everybody else. We certainly are encouraged by how things have kind of moved out there over the last couple of months, but we need to see that continue to progress and start to head back to some degree of normalcy. Thats why I think we look at more of the latter part of Q3 into Q4 and even probably deliveries out in the beginning of 2021 as the corporate piece of America starts to make CapEx commitments again.
Carter Copeland: Great. Thanks for the color. And one for Frank. I wonder if you could just give us the EAC adjusted cumulative adjustments in the quarter, just any detail on that would be helpful as always.
Frank Connor: Yes. The net, we were 17 million favorable, so a bit down from a year ago on a year-over-year basis. Favorable was 46, unfavorable was 29.
Carter Copeland: Awesome. Thanks for the details, guys.
Scott Donnelly: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Good morning. Frank, just one clarification and Ive got a follow up. The 53 million of idle facility cost led to 27 million negative impacts. So what was deposit of 26 million if I just subtract those two numbers, unless Im reading it improperly?
Frank Connor: So, George, theres a lot more moving pieces than that, right. So we do spike out the idle facility. Obviously thats a significant number. To net that down to where the overall performance number has a lot of parts to it, right. Theres a lot of cost savings obviously that we derive through the furloughs and through the quarter. A lot of that frankly helped to offset what would have been a more challenging idle facility cost. Theres a number of other impacts in there that you would kind of expect in a much lower volume environment. So its not just a matter of take the total performance  its not just to one thing. There was a lot more cost savings than that, but there was a lot of sort of other noise in the quarter I guess you would say.
George Shapiro: It netted out to a pretty significant positive relative to the idle facility cost that you took.
Frank Connor: Yes, for sure. And thats a result of a lot of the furloughs, the savings that were driven by the fact that we took out a lot of cost both direct and indirect through the furloughs while the plants were shutdown, and obviously now that has transitioned from the furloughing. Unfortunately where we had to make permanent adjustments for which we took the restructuring to align the cost on a go-forward basis.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then just a follow up to Davids question. So the 1.4 billion in backlog that you say that for Aviation, did that include some additional NetJets orders that were reversed out in the first quarter?
Scott Donnelly: There was no change in the NetJets backlog in Q2.
George Shapiro: Okay. Those are my questions. Thanks.
Operator: Next, well go to the line of Peter Arment. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Peter Arment: Good morning, Scott and Frank. Scott, just circling back on your comments about the Aviation on the aftermarket side. If we look at kind of the jet flight activity as kind of youve mentioned, it does kind of look like a true V [ph] from what we saw the falloff from March and now July. How did aftermarket perform kind of exiting the quarter? I know it was down. Frank mentioned 31% in the quarter and just kind of your expectations for what we should expect for the second half?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. It was down total of 31% for the quarter, Peter, as we mentioned. But if you look at the progression of biz jet cycles in both North America and Europe, our big markets, there was a pretty marked change from April to June. And so I would expect that the aircraft showing up and part consumption and service work will kind of lag that a little bit. So even though we certainly saw activity pick up pretty significantly through the quarter, particularly as we guide into June, we certainly expect to see that start to positively impact the service business in Q3 and Q4. Theres just a lag between those aircraft utilization rates picking up and service activity picking up.
Peter Arment: Okay, thats helpful. And then just a quick one. Are you seeing any further kind of supply chain disruptions at all thats meaningful or anything to call out?
Scott Donnelly: Nothing that I would say is material, Peter. Its a food fight every day. You still have suppliers that have a flare up or a shutdown or whatever. But, look, its stuff our guys manage through it every day and weve had some impacts across all of our different businesses, right. Theres an issue with a supplier here or there and we just kind of manage and work our way through it on a day-by-day basis.
Peter Arment: I appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: Next, well go to the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Thanks very much. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Frank Connor: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: Scott, one for you. You mentioned that Aviation is now at a better run rate, a run rate youre happy with. I was wondering if you could give us an idea of how that run rate compares to where you were at the start of the year and maybe sort of a percentage change versus where it was then, where it is now. And Ive got a second follow-up question as well.
Scott Donnelly: Robert, I think again theres not huge visibility, right. But I think if you look  the way we think about it right now given the fact that we had the plant shutdown for a couple of weeks and the adjustments that weve made looking more towards end of the year and 2021 rates, were going to be down somewhere in the 30% or so, probably 30%, 40% down in terms of deliveries in 2020. The run rates, would anticipate that youd probably get half that reduction back as you go into 2021. But theres a long way between here and 2021. But thats sort of how were thinking about setting production rates at this stage.
Robert Stallard: Thats great. And then one for Frank. You were paying down some debt in the quarter. Have you got any plans for further debt reduction in 2020? It was a bit unusual in the rest of aerospace youll see adding liquidity and paying things back.
Frank Connor: Well, youll recall in the  earlier in the year we did a debt offering to essentially pre-fund kind of our 2020 maturities and so that paydown of debt was effectively just the paydown of that. We have another 350 million of debt coming due in November that again we have effectively kind of already refinanced. So kind of other than that, we feel like kind of were in good shape from a debt structure standpoint but thats what we have in front of us.
Robert Stallard: Thats great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next, well go to the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much and good morning. I wonder when you just talked about the run rate in Aviation and the decline in '20 and expected pickup in '21, should we expect that to include a mix shift along the lines of what you talked about toward smaller. And then as part of that, I guess I was a little surprised when you mentioned not seeing as much pick up on the longitude, latitude side if NetJets is in fact starting to come back and talk about taking some more deliveries, and so maybe if you could talk about the dissidents there?
Scott Donnelly: Okay. The mix as I said, right now were seeing the pickup in activity is more oriented towards the smaller aircraft. We certainly do expect it to shift to a better mix  not a better mix but a different mix of larger aircraft as the year progresses. I think with respect to NetJets, again, we are working with these guys every day, so were factoring in what we believe their demand is going to look like. Look, we didnt put stuff into the backlog in Q2. Obviously the dialogue with them continues and I would certainly expect to see backlog for larger aircraft through NetJets to pick up in the third and fourth quarter.
Seth Seifman: Okay, great. Thanks. And then just as a follow up and in industrial, if you could talk about sort of the relative loss between autos and specialized vehicles and kind of the path back to profitability for each? It sounds like maybe autos has a pretty clear path at Caltex and is that the case, and if you could talk a little bit about vehicles.
Scott Donnelly: Well, we dont go down into the op profit by the individual businesses. But obviously in Q2, we saw the vast majority of our plants in the Caltex world shutdown and there was just no demand. The global auto OEMs had all shut down, so we shut our plants down. As I said, were back at least globally running around that 75%. If you look  and again, guys, remember we base our data base on what IHS is looking at. And in terms of our forecasting we dont really make this stuff up. So we expect to see that utilization in those plants pick up in Q3 and Q4. But theres no question that  again, given where things are right now, Q2 was a really tough quarter for Caltex when you got your plants shut down around the world. So plants have now picked up. Theyre operating  theyre back performing and continue to see that volume. So that will be a really significant contributor in terms of change of profitability in industrial as you go into Q3 and Q4. In the case of the vehicle business, look, I think we performed well in the quarter in the vehicle business. The Golf and the PTV markets remain robust. We did see a significant uptick in retail activity, particularly in June on the outdoor power sports markets as those markets came back up. And the good news is, as a result of all that weve turned those factories back on and are starting to produce 2021 model years given the demand in the market. So I think there will be improvements sequentially in both businesses, but from a relative basis it was a tough quarter in Caltex when your plants are shut down.
Seth Seifman: Thank you very much.
Operator: Next, well go to the line of Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global. Please go ahead.
Peter Skibitski: Good morning, guys. Scott, coming into the second quarter at Systems, I guess I thought TRU and Lycoming would be big revenue headwinds for you, and I imagine TRU had to be. But collectively, is it just that the headwind from those units were just more than offset by this ISR services business? Is that just kind of almost like a secular growth driver at this point?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, the unmanned business continues to grow and do really well for us. It was the largest offset in there. Marine & Land was a little bit of driving  look, a year ago this was I think our last quarter where we had the last of the ANA and the TAPV programs, but the Ship to Shore side was strong and obviously we expect to continue to roll through the course of the year. So for sure, a significant headwind obviously with the simulator business shutdown, but the rest of the business is rolling and again performing well.
Peter Skibitski: Okay, thats great. And then ATAC, any color that you can give in terms of how big that unit can be with all the wins its kind of collecting?
Scott Donnelly: So the two task orders that we are awarded is about  we said about $240 million over the next four and half years. So if you look at that, thats about $50 million a year of revenue and we expect it to be good margin. Look, weve invested in the aircraft. We have the assets. Our teams done a great job. Theres already 10 of the aircraft that are TRU airworthiness and flying and ready to go. So we should be starting to see that revenue in Q4 of this year associated with those programs.
Peter Skibitski: Okay. I appreciate the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Raviv. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jon Raviv: Thank you. Good morning. When we talk about the long-term growth opportunity in business jets, its the kind of market where you need the cost of entry to be lower to attract a lot more people in there. So just thinking and sort of long term about that business, what does that business model look like in that kind of role? How much of profit comes from aftermarket versus OE today, and how might that change going forward if there is truly more of us  if truly more of us start flying around on the smaller planes?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think in general the aftermarket business has always been the more profitable part of all of these aerospace businesses, and I dont see that changing. Look, I think as we look at the dynamic, which again well see how this plays out. But as we see a lot of people entering into the business jet or business aviation marketplace, I think our portfolio is a very good place to serve that, right. We have a very strong lineup of product at that entry level, whether its jet or turboprop through the King Air family and the M2 and CJ line. And then as people look into the larger, whether its in that XLS space or in latitude or longitude, I think weve got very, very competitive product and I even think our portfolio has ever been better. So the strength of that entry point is what were seeing the most activity picking up right now, but I clearly would expect that like everything youll see people migrate into those mid-sized aircraft as well.
Jon Raviv: Thank you, Scott. And then as the follow up on capital allocation, it truly were in a tough time right now and youre having to conserve cash largely. But how do you think  youre still in a pretty good position. So how do you think about capital allocation going forward maybe later this year? I know in '21 you have a little more visibility. The asset in the context of sometimes down markets where you guys are down 30% deliveries from your competitors, down 30% deliveries in biz jets. Sometimes those markets are right for some consolidation. So any thoughts on capital allocation and biz jet consolidation in that context going forward?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, its probably a little early to talk about that. I think were very happy with where we are from a cash standpoint in our balance sheet right now. Obviously there are actions that well continue to take to continue to strengthen that and derisk that on a go-forward basis. In terms of consolidation, I think everybody says consolidation makes sense in this industry. Do I see that happening any time in the near term given valuations and sort of all the uncertainties, its kind of hard to imagine. Thats something thats on the near-term horizon. But right now, obviously, were very focused on making sure the company is in good shape and healthy and weathering through this, and I think were demonstrating so far that were in very good shape.
Jon Raviv: Thank you, Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Scott Donnelly: Noah, are you there?
Operator: Possibly you have your mute button on.
Noah Poponak: Hi, guys. Can you hear me?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, we got you.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Sorry about that. It sounds like NetJets is  clearly were seeing it, but Im curious. In the new orders just in the quarter, did you absolutely have real deal customers that came in and said, I dont want to fly commercial or Ive always been on the fence and the risks I  perceived risks of flying commercial are pushing me over that fence Ive always sat on. Im trying to get a sense for how real that trend is from not wanting to fly commercial to flying private versus being more anecdotal?
Scott Donnelly: I think as we said before, I think its very real. But remember, it starts with Charter and Club and Hour and then moves into fractionals and before whole ownership, right. Somebody thats never been on a business jet before doesnt buy a new airplane, right. Theres a progression here which is I think kind of the normal entry of anybody going into business aviation. Theyre not going to jump in with a large equity position. Theyre going to start to see it by utilizing it and get some experience with it on a sort of by the hour and progress to fractionals, and thats sort of the normal process that we see. So I think when you talked to folks that are out there operating and its across everything. Its Charter companies that are flying older aircraft, its guys like Wheels Up that are very strong Club membership models, its the NetJets and again I think NetJets is seeing both the folks that are interested in cards but also fractional shares. So you see people migrating to these known brands as well that are new to the business. So I dont think anecdotal. I think its quite real. But again, from our perspective, it starts more in a non-equity mode and sort of migrates through the path towards ownership, whether thats in a fraction or ultimately in a whole aircraft owner.
Noah Poponak: Okay, thats pretty interesting. In Bell commercial, is it  do you have visibility or desire here on the call to share similarly to how you just did with Cessna in terms of how you see the production loading in for the back half of this year and then into 2021 on Bell commercial units?
Scott Donnelly: Look, its a totally different market, right. So it doesnt share a particular analogy around that. I think when you  the only area where weve seen lighter activity has been in aircraft that we sell on a more short cycle. Its a high-net worth individual, its more of a discretionary spend, which is some of the 505, which weve seen lower volume and weve talked about seeing lower volume. I think well see lower volume through the balance of the year. But a lot of the other aircraft are going into EMS. Theyre going into police, training, power, public. That piece of the market tends to have a longer lead time and sort of a different acquisition process. Look, I think well  theres no doubt that youll see some softening in the commercial side but nowhere near as dramatic as you see in the fixed-wing market. And obviously the other part of Bell which is a very strong defense business where utilization is high, deliveries are good, aftermarkets very strong. So its hard not to feel good about where Bells position both in terms of the performance as well as opportunities for the future.
Noah Poponak: Yes, I appreciate that color. Its actually really helpful. But I was actually just asking if you would provide the directional rate of change in commercial units you see for this year and next year the same way you did for Cessna there?
Scott Donnelly: No, I would not. Other than giving some color on it, youre going to be lighter on 505s for sure and weve adjusted production accordingly. But now the rest of the market is better visibility.
Noah Poponak: Okay. I just wasnt sure if my question didnt come across, but I understand now. Thanks very much.
Scott Donnelly: Ryan, do we have another caller in the queue?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ronald Epstein: Good morning, guys.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Frank Connor: Good morning.
Ronald Epstein: Maybe a quick one and then a follow up. Do you guys have any whitetails at aviation right now? Are all the tails sold? And do you have any used aircraft floating around?
Scott Donnelly: We havent used the whitetail word in a very, very long time. So as you know for years now, we build to a forecast and thats kind of what we continue to do. So if youre inquiring about wanting to buy an aircraft, Im sure I can help you.
Ronald Epstein: I wish I could in another life.
Scott Donnelly: Ron, look, obviously we do everything we can do to match supply and demand. The adjustments that weve made by having the factory shutdown, that obviously helped align to a lower demand environment that weve been seeing and the adjustments that weve made to the run rate on our production through the balance of the year and into 2021 is all aimed at making sure that were building the number of aircraft that we expect to be selling. And weve gotten pretty good at it, so well keep doing. Well adjust along the way obviously up or down, but thats certainly our objective. But the one thing I would say, I unfortunately remember the whole creation of the whitetail years ago was because you saw these massive cancellations. And look, we havent seen that, right. The customers that were in our backlog have stayed in our backlog and we talked about the situation on the fractional side and now were seeing that improve as demand comes into the marketplace. The good news here is unlike previous cycles, the two big dynamics you dont see different, you dont see this flood of incoming calls saying, hey, I want to cancel my airplane. People want to keep their airplane. It was on order. And also Id say on the use side, you dont see this flood of aircraft going into the used market. The used or available for sale remains at very low levels. Were seeing lower volume obviously just given the nature of the pandemic here over the last few months. And again, that lack of aircraft flooding into the used market, which a number of years ago obviously put huge price pressure in that light segment, were actually seeing a little bit of an uptick in some of the pricing on the used because theres not a lot of them out there that are very new aircraft. So I think that market remains healthy, which is good.
Ronald Epstein: Okay, thats great. Thank you for the color on that. And then maybe just one much bigger picture question. As we listen to a lot of these calls with different management teams, theres a lot of focus on resize and cost cuttings so on and so forth for obvious reasons. But when you think about Textron from your seat and you look past the pandemic, are there any opportunities here to make some fundamental changes at the company to make the company stronger when we get out of the pandemic either from a portfolio reshaping point of view or some other things that you just couldnt do if it was business as usual because everybody was so busy, right? Does this give you an opportunity to like to take a breath and look at the company and make some changes that you maybe couldnt have done or wouldnt have been easy to do when youre trying to get airplanes out the door or gas tanks out of door and so on and so forth?
Scott Donnelly: Look, specifically at Aviation and I think this is more about recognizing that over the last few years weve had very high R&D levels, right, as we brought latitude and then particularly as we brought longitude into the market. So we were already situated in a position where we had gone through a very large R&D phase. We still have things like SkyCourier and Denali that are on the roadmap, but these are much smaller programs and something of a magnitude of a longitude. Were also getting back to doing a lot of upgrade programs to our existing aircraft that are out there. So I think from our perspective, this is  as we look over the next couple  two, three years, I think weve got a great portfolio. We have a lot of things like the SkyCourier which should have a lot of growth and is a great product thats coming along really well. And then weve got upgrade programs which are not as R&D intensive but keeps refreshing that product line. So certainly were taking out costs associated with that lower run rate on production going forward at least through late this year into 2021. We can adjust accordingly obviously if we see a stronger demand. So I would say in terms of Aviation, I dont see such a dramatic change beyond probably that R&D profile. In looking at a couple other businesses, obviously as weve seen the slowdown, we are doing some things around restructuring and fundamentally changing the business going forward, the things weve talked about with the air transport side of the business, some of the things in the vehicle side where were consolidating some of our operations, we can do other operations just making them run more efficiently and those cases I think absolutely were in a better position as we come out of this downturn than we were from a fundamental structural cost standpoint, were in a better place going forward.
Ronald Epstein: Okay, great. Thank you.
Eric Salander: Okay, Ryan. That does it for questions in the queue and we will end the call.
Operator: Okay. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude todays conference. Id like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-02 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Textron Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President, Investor Relations, Mr. Eric Salander. Please go ahead.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. With that, I'll turn it over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric, and good morning, everybody. First, I'd like to recognize that we're all operating in extraordinarily challenging times while facing numerous disruptions to our daily routines. On behalf of our company, I'd like to share our deepest sympathies for all those who have been affected by this global pandemic, and we join in thanking to those who have been working to keep us safe through the crisis, particularly those on the front lines and the health care community.  As we respond to the COVID-19 pandemic in this uncertain time in the world, our number 1 priority remains the health of our workforce and ensuring that we have a safe work environment during this unprecedented time. Our employees have stepped up across the communities and are constructing plastic face shields and cloth facemasks at aviation and TSV, producing hand sanitizers at Bell and gathering essential items for those who needed Caltex and Systems. We continue to work in understanding and assessing the impacts of COVID-19 is having in our businesses, but we still have limited visibility in these times, particularly with respect to how long this crisis will affect our markets. We're implementing actions across the company to manage and mitigate the impact this pandemic is having on our operations. Given the diversity of our segments and end markets, the impacts of COVID-19 have had a wide range of effects on our business operations. For instance, the U.S. government has taken several actions to continue to reinforce the importance of our nation's defense industrial base and has deemed the defense industrial base as part of the nation's essential critical infrastructure. Looking at our defense businesses, Bell and Textron Systems have maintained a steady operational cadence throughout the health crisis, and we expect them to continue to do so. Bell executed very well in the quarter with increased revenue from higher military volume and a 14% operating margin. On the commercial side of the business, we delivered 15 helicopters, down from 30 in last year's first quarter. We did see several deliveries push out of the quarter, resulting from customers' inability to accept aircraft due to COVID-19-related travel restrictions. During the quarter, Bell hit another major milestone in its pursuit of the Army's Future Vertical Lift programs when it was down selected for the next phase in both of these strategically important aircraft acquisition programs for the future of Army aviation.  On the Future Long-Range Assault Aircraft program, the Bell V-280 Valor was 1 of the 2 competitors selected for the competitive demonstration and risk reduction phase over the next 18 months, with the expectation that the Army will award a preliminary design contract in Q4 of next year. V-280 is well positioned entering this final phase of the acquisition selection process, has now been flying for over 2 years while continuously demonstrating its speed, agility and versatility in both piloted and autonomous flight. On the Future Attack Reconnaissance Aircraft program, the Bell 360 Invictus team was selected as 1 of 2 competitors with the design, build and testing of a prototype rotorcraft. The Bell 360 Invictus offering includes the proven high-performance rotor system and fly-by-wire controls from our 525 Relentless in affordable, sustainable and highly lethal design. At Systems, while overall operations were strong for the quarter with higher volume across most of our product lines, lower operating margin of 7.9% in the quarter comparable to 9.1% was unfavorably impacted by our simulation product line related to the downturn in commercial aviation. We've announced furloughs and suspended operations at our simulator manufacturing facility in Montreal as airlines and trading centers have significantly reduced their outlook for the acquisition of training devices amid this health crisis. In the quarter, Textron Marine & Land Systems delivered the first Ship-to-Shore Connector Craft 100 to the U.S. Navy, and Craft 101 is scheduled to enter builders' trials in the second quarter. Also on Ship-to-Shore Connector, the $820 million follow-on production contract for the next 15 craft was fully definitized in mid-April. This is a critical milestone, and we believe demonstrates the Navy's commitment to the program. This now brings the total number of craft to be built at Textron Systems to 25 of the 73 craft program of record. Textron Aviation, we announced employee furloughs in late March to address expected lower demand for new aircraft and related service activities. In the quarter, revenues were $872 million, down $262 million from the first quarter of last year. We delivered 23 jets, down from 44 last year and 16 commercial turboprops, down from 44 in last year's first quarter. Entering the quarter, we expect the lower unit deliveries from both the change in the mix of aircraft sold and the availability of completed aircraft as we work to recover our composite manufacturing operations following the accident that we experienced at the end of 2019. During the quarter, we also experienced delays in aircraft deliveries due to customers' inability to accept their new aircraft in Wichita based on COVID-19-related travel restrictions. We expect these aircraft will deliver as the travel restrictions begin to lift. Looking to the market, aftermarket, revenues were down about 3% as compared to last year's first quarter. Service activity was strong through the first two months of the quarter but began to slow in March as the effects of the pandemic on air travel continued to expand. Moving to backlog. There was a $290 million decrease from the fourth quarter balance of $1.7 billion, primarily due to a revised demand outlook from a fractional jet customer resulting from the pandemic. As government travel restrictions and other social distancing guidelines were implemented, we experienced a pause in sales activity as face-to-face meetings and demonstration flights became increasingly difficult to conduct. These actions led to the decline of retail order activity in the quarter.  On the new product front, the Cessna SkyCourier completed engine ground runs in March and is on track for first flight in the second quarter. Moving to Industrial. Revenues of $740 million were down $172 million from last year's first quarter, largely related to lower volume in our Fuel Systems and Functional Components product line. Auto manufacturers began to shut their factories in response to the COVID-19 crisis at the end of January, beginning in China. As the Tier 1 supplier to the industry, Caltex closed their facilities accordingly.  In China, the Caltex facilities have recently come back online and are ramping up based on demand signals from the customers. In Europe and the Americas, the auto OEMs shutdown began in mid-March and are expected to last through early may in most cases, with our facilities restarting accordingly. At Textron Specialized Vehicles, we began employee furloughs in March to address the lower expected demand across our business. Our ground support equipment business has been impacted particularly hard as commercial air travel has slowed and airlines have pulled back on equipment purchases. Production has been suspended, and we will continue to monitor the demand outlook. And outdoor powersports distribution channel, including both retail stores and dealers, has been impacted by the crisis as consumer spending has significantly slowed and many dealers and stores have been required to close due to government shutdown orders and other operating restrictions. Production of the off-road products has been temporarily halted. Golf and PTV are continuing to operate with some inefficiencies driven by required social distancing guidelines as they work to meet customer commitments. The team is doing a good job of working through these difficult times. In summary, COVID-19 has had a significant impact on our employees, operations, suppliers and customers across each of our segments. With the continued uncertainty around the pandemic, we are confident in the actions that we've taken to protect our workers and maintain our businesses while continuing to meet our customer commitments. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor : Thanks, Scott, and good morning everyone. Revenues in the quarter were $2.8 billion, down $332 million from last year's first quarter, largely driven by lower volume at Textron Aviation and Industrial. During this year's first quarter, we recorded $39 million in pre-tax special charges related to the impairment of intangible assets at Textron Aviation and Industrial due to economic disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Excluding those charges, adjusted net income was $0.35 per share, down from $0.76 per share in last year's first quarter. Segment profit in the quarter was $156 million, down from $294 million in the first quarter of 2019. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions, a non-GAAP measure, reflected a use of cash of $430 million, which was in line with our first-quarter expectation.  Let's review how each of the segments contributed starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues at Textron Aviation of $872 million were down $262 million from a year ago, primarily due to lower volume and mix of $260 million, largely the result of lower Citation jet volume of $154 million and lower commercial turboprop volume of $99 million. The decrease in Citation jet and turboprop volume largely reflected a decline in demand related to the pandemic, disruption in our composite manufacturing production due to a plant accident that occurred in December of 2019, and delays in the acceptance of aircraft related to COVID-19 travel restrictions. Segment profit was $3 million in the first quarter, down from $106 million last year, primarily due to the lower volume and unfavorable impact of $23 million from performance, which includes $12 million of idle facility cost recognized in the first quarter of 2020 due to temporary manufacturing facility closures and employee furloughs, resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. Backlog in this segment ended the quarter at $1.4 billion. Moving to Bell; revenues were $823 million, up $84 million from last year, primarily on higher military volumes, slightly offset by lower commercial volume, principally due to delayed deliveries as a result of COVID-19 travel restrictions. Segment profit of $115 million was up $11 million, largely on higher military volume, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of $8 million from performance and other. The performance and other included $25 million in lower net favorable program adjustments, partially offset by lower research and development costs. Backlog in this segment ended the quarter at $6.4 billion. At Textron Systems, revenues were $328 million, up $21 million from a year ago, primarily due to higher volume across most of our product lines. Segment profit of $26 million was down $2 million as unfavorable performance was largely offset by higher volume. Backlog in this segment ended the quarter at $1.4 billion. Industrial revenues of $740 million were down $172 million from last year, primarily related to lower volume at our fuel systems and functional components product line, as Scott discussed earlier. Segment profit was $9 million, down $141 million from a year ago, largely related to lower volume. We also realized approximately $13 million of unfavorable performance in the first quarter due to manufacturing facility closures and employee furloughs, resulting from the pandemic that was mostly offset by other favorable performance. Finance segment revenues decreased $3 million and profit decreased $3 million. Moving below segment profit, corporate expenses were $14 million and interest expense was $34 million. During the quarter, we initiated a number of financing activities to enhance our liquidity position, given the uncertainty in the marketplace. We issued $1.25 billion of debt that included $105 million of commercial paper, $650 million of 3% 10-year notes to refinance current year debt maturities and a $500 million 364-day term loan credit agreement that was fully drawn on April 2. To further enhance our liquidity position, we received $377 million in proceeds from borrowings against corporate-owned life insurance policies with no state of maturity. Prior to the onset of the health crisis, we repurchased approximately 1.3 million shares in the first quarter at an overall cost of about $54 million. Consistent with the covenant in our new $500 million term loan, we have suspended share repurchases until the outstanding balance under this agreement is repaid. At Finance, we have an upcoming debt maturity in December of 2020 for $150 million, and we expect to refinance that note later this year. Within this current environment, we're focused on the cash preservation.  We're working closely with our leadership teams across our businesses on a weekly basis to efficiently manage our working capital and eliminate discretionary expenses. We're also evaluating all capital not critical at this time. From a liquidity perspective, we believe we have sufficient funds to meet our obligations despite the uncertain environment. We understand the importance of managing our cash balances and we've taken actions to enhance our liquidity profile. Our cash balance at the end of the quarter was $2.4 billion, and we maintained an undrawn revolving credit facility of $1 billion, which matures on October, in October of 2024. With that, I'll hand it back to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Great. Thanks, Frank. While we suspended our earnings guidance for the year due to the uncertainty around the COVID-19 pandemic, I would like to briefly touch upon the outlook for each segment. At Industrial, our Fuel Systems and Functional Components product line is obviously reliant on automotive production recovery. It's still too early to tell how the crisis will impact retail auto sales and ultimately automotive OEM production. But today, we are experiencing recovery in China. And based on current industry expert forecasts and dialogue with our customers, we expect to see Europe and the Americas resume production in the second quarter with production ramping in Q3 and Q4. In the vehicle business, TSV has experienced significant disruptions in the markets. Consumer discretionary aspect of the outdoor powersports business remains difficult, but we are taking actions to minimize our costs and manage working capital through the downturn. At aviation, while we continue to take some orders, the normal pace of interaction with customers has obviously been slowed. We've suspended most new aircraft production through the end of May, while continuing to deliver aircraft on existing orders and provide customers aftermarket services and support. While it will vary by region, we expect to see our sales team start engaging with customers in the latter part of Q2. For our aftermarket business, we expect overall flying hours to begin to pick up in Q2, leading to an increase in activity in our parts and service business in Q3 and Q4. Systems is predominantly defense-oriented segment and we believe will remain on track to meet our expectations for the year. At Bell, given the strength of the defense business, we expect performance will be consistent with our expectations for the full year.  To wrap up, we've demonstrated our ability to execute through significant market disruptions in the past, and we're confident that we're implementing the necessary actions to address this crisis as well. At Industrial, we are committed to our strategy we have in place to strengthen our retail channel through our Bass Pro partnership and Snowmageddon presale event with the, within the powersports business. At Caltex, we continue to collaborate with our OEM customers as we invest in new technologies for plug-in hybrid electric vehicles and battery electric vehicles that position the business for ongoing opportunities as the automotive industry continues to evolve to the next generation of cars. At Aviation, while clearly difficult situation, we do believe this cycle has fundamental differences from the challenges we experienced in the 2008-2009 downturn. The secondary market for pre-owned Citation aircraft is much stronger today as compared to 2008, with significantly fewer aircraft for sale and a dramatically lower number of aircraft under 10 years old. As such, we do not view the preowned market as an impediment to the sale of new aircraft. The private aviation environment is also different in a couple of ways. We don't see the negative perception associated with the use of private aircraft that was brought on during the 2008 financial crisis. Conversely, we believe the private aviation will be viewed more positively today from a health perspective as business travel restarts with the resumption of the economy. We also entered the cycle with a much stronger and more highly differentiated product portfolio having introduced the Latitude and the Longitude. Additionally, we have a pipeline of aircraft with Sky Courier and Denali that will help to drive future growth in new markets. Our defense businesses are well positioned with our current production contracts in addition to recent awards on development programs at both Systems and Bell that represent opportunities for significant growth in the future. At Systems, we achieved important milestones on existing programs like the Ship-to-Shore Connector program as well as unmanned aircraft and surface vessel programs. Also, we believe the recent award of a development contract under the Robotic Combat Vehicle medium program coupled with awards on several weapons programs present promising opportunities for future growth in the segment. And finally, the recent awards on the FLRAA and FARA Future Vertical Lift programs are the result of our commitment to invest in new products and technologies for future growth. These awards [will help] us to continue to work with our Army customer to address their specific weapon system requirements and to support the Army futures command acquisition strategy to accelerate the deployment of these important programs to the war fighter. That concludes our prepared remarks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: I just want to start out on a positive note because I'm sure we'll hear tons about aviation profitability later. But in terms of the down-select for the Future Vertical Lift programs, these were two big milestones, how do you think about the time line from here? And given the OTA nature of these contracts, how do we think about R&D? Or should spending levels be pretty consistent?
Scott Donnelly: Well, it's a good question, Sheila. I think the time lines, obviously, are different for the two programs. FLRAA, which is pretty mature, I mean, we've been flying for over two years now on the V-280, I think this phase that we're entering into under the OTA, the customer has basically who by the way has very much stayed totally consistent with their schedules and delivering on announcements and awards and staying on their time line, has basically said, this is an 18-month process.  So we'd be expecting the next selection and entry into the next phase in the fourth quarter of next year is a relatively short time frame. Obviously, what's important for us in this window is to continue to reduce risk, work with the customer on taking the foundation of what we've created on the V-280 and making sure that we accommodate the requirements to turn this into a weapon system. It obviously has to accommodate mission systems and sensors and weapons into the future. The other thing working, obviously, in this phase, which is very important for us, we're investing in a brand new manufacturing technology center. So we've been able to demonstrate what the craft can do. Now we have to demonstrate that it can be very affordable and that it can meet the kind of great volumes that they need, when they go into EMD and on into production. So that's what needs to happen here in this 18-month window. And again I think the customer has demonstrated that they're on track and meeting everything they've said in terms of timeline. So we feel pretty good about that. FARA is in a different place. Obviously, this is kind of -- we're starting to go from the paper design and proposal which -- for which we were down selected. We've already started to build critical components for this program. We'll have a couple of years, little over two years to fly this thing. And then it will go through a similar process as FLRAA went through on under the JMR program and have a fly off. So that's out there a few years. But again, the customer has been great about staying on their timelines. And I think we feel good about both those programs, which, as you say, are huge opportunities if we are ultimately selected for the next phase of those programs. R&D -- so, I'm sorry, on the R&D part Sheila. So at this point -- so R&D spending at Bell, on a gross basis, will be up pretty significantly. Both of these programs are one-third Bell, two-third customer cost share. So, on a gross basis, we'll see an increase in R&D, but on a net basis, because we're going from largely purely company funded on these programs to a cost share, you'll actually -- you should see a reduction in net R&D. And remember, none of this goes through the revenue line because of the cost share nature of the contracts, we'll incur that gross R&D and in that, customer contribution will be netted out against that.
Frank Connor : And Sheila, the timing and the scope of what we're now been awarded is consistent with what was in our guidance. We had anticipated these down-selection in our guidance.
Scott Donnelly : Yeah. We have both FARA and FLRAA in our original operating plan.
Sheila Kahyaoglu : Okay, thank you. And then, if I could ask one on Aviation. GD and Embraer were pretty adamant, there was no demand deterioration, but your prepared remarks makes sense if you can't meet a customer face to face, it's hard to sell an aircraft. I was just sort of surprised that the backlog ticked down from that fractional customer. I thought that would be one area that might actually see a pickup in terms of fractional usage.
Scott Donnelly: Well, that's a good question and I think that remains to be seen. So look, I mean it's not a secret, this is NetJets, right. They are our partner in the fractional market. It's been a great relationship. These guys are a hugely important part of our business in terms of going to market and addressing that fractional customer base. So what happened? Obviously the NetJets sales force saw the same thing we saw, right, which was people sort of stopped as the pandemic hit. And so what we've done with NetJets is kind of gone through -- they are still taking quite a few deliveries this year on both Latitude and Longitude. They have aircraft out there that are sold and customer commitments and we continue to operate and work with them. But they also said, look, until we see the sales turn back on, aircraft -- other aircraft that we would have expected to take delivery this year, we're going to take out of the book. So I think what will really happen here in terms of the fractional market is not unlike our whole aircraft sales force is once the people are able to get out and engage and continue to work, we'll see how that really plays out. I think when I talk to Adam they're seeing a lot of inquiry and lot of activity in both jet card as well as prospective fractionals because a lot of customers -- and frankly, the good news is a lot of customers who have not been business aviation users in the past, are thinking about what happens when the economy turns on, and then you just start to get back out on the road to see whether it's customers or suppliers or factories, plants, we expect that you're going to see a lot of new people come into this. And we've seen that in discussions with Adam and the NetJets guys. We had the same discussions in the club membership and managed model with Wheels Up and Kenny Dichter. So I'd say it's anecdotal at this point, but we certainly, there's some reason to have some optimism here around the fact that we're seeing a lot of activity through those channels that are new players, new folks that we are seeing potentially coming into the business aviation industry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro.
George Shapiro: Just to follow up on Sheila's question. So if you looked at the 0.64 book-to-bill, I mean, how much was that reduced because of NetJets coming out? Because it would seem like NetJets deliveries were going to be a reasonably high percentage of the total this year.
Scott Donnelly: George, we didn't have any other cancellations other than what I just talked about around the NetJets side of things. So we didn't see other cancellations come out. One of the challenges, of course, is we didn't see a lot of new stuff go in because sales activity pretty well came to a halt. And look, it's not 0, I mean, and frankly, even as we come through here in April, deals are getting closed. There's customers out there who certainly had been engaged with us for some time, who've been looking at the aircraft who probably had demo rides, and they're now saying, okay, it's time to move and go ahead and put the order in. But it's a very difficult environment to go out there and develop new customers at this stage of the game until we can really get out there and get face-to-face, folks can do demo rides, they can get to Wichita and look at interiors. As you know, it's a pretty involved sales process. But those were, the contributing pieces were the cancellations on the fractional side and just, frankly, lack of a lot of new order activity on the retail side.
George Shapiro: And how many deliveries weren't you able to make because of the travel restrictions?
Scott Donnelly: It was, I mean total number of aircraft in jets was I mean there was a Longitude, a couple of M2s, a CJ, there were a couple of King Airs, 4 or 5 Caravans, a dozen 172s. It was a relatively small number, but it was pretty much across the whole portfolio. But when you start talking about Longitudes and CJ3s, it's not true from a revenue standpoint.
George Shapiro: And then maybe one for Frank. The Bell margin was particularly high, especially the lower EACs. You said the R&D, lower R&D offset some of it. I mean do I assume it offset half of it or so? And do the margins really substantially tick down in subsequent quarters because of just to be able to get close to your guidance, which is the high end of being 12%?
Frank Connor: Yes. I mean it was a good quarter for Bell. R&D will continue to increase over time as we move through the year. And as Scott said, our expectation for Bell overall is that it's kind of on track, consistent with our original guidance so far.
George Shapiro: But it may require some substantial reductions in subsequent quarters to get down to number of years here, and we'll see how the year continues to develop. And then one last one for you, Scott. Unless I missed it in your commentary about each of the sectors, you didn't give commentary on Systems. Maybe that's because you don't know where simulation is going to go or did I just miss it?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think, George, in systems, things are generally going very well, right? The Ship-to-Shore Connector program has hit a couple of important milestones in terms of that program starting to deliver the craft, getting the milestone of the first sales of 100 across the goal line was very important. 101 is not far behind it. We continue to work through those issues on the, I mean there's still more craft to deliver, obviously, on the development contract. Definitization of the production contract for the next 15 craft was a very big deal. We're continuing to see increased hours on, for instance, our fee-for-service unmanned aircraft programs. We've had a lot of key milestones on our unmanned surface vessel programs that's moving into the next phase, which is very good. We did win, we get into development contract, but an important on the RCV medium and, as I said, other weapons programs, GBSD. So I think both the performance under the current programs that we have are looking very good. The critical new programs that we need to win and execute on are looking very good. The only soft spot really in the Systems world right now is particularly the air transport market on the simulation training side, which is, again, we've shut that down, and we just don't have any demand on the airline side, which is understandable. These guys aren't going to be laying out any kind of CapEx and doing upgrades and the things that are kind of normal flow business in that business right now. But outside of that, both current execution, current programs as well as important new wins were quite strong in Systems in the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard.
Robert Stallard: Scott, on aviation, I just want to clarify real what's going on at the moment. It sounds like the plants are at a low level of activity. And if that's the case, when things come back, do you expect volumes to be moving back to, say, where they were at the start of the year? Or do you anticipate being a fraction of what it was previously?
Scott Donnelly: Robert, look, that's the big question. All right. So what we're doing right now, aviation is just completing a 4-week or has just completed a 4-week furlough. We've extended that another 4 weeks. So what's built in right now is an 8-week shutdown. There is some minimal activity in terms of completing aircraft that were already under order for delivery. But for the most part, the production lines themselves are shut down. The furlough included across the whole workforce.  We are bringing teams back in and getting the new product programs for Sky Courier are going. But the reason we're doing this, Robert, is we just don't have good visibility into what that production rate needs to be for the balance of the year. We always gauge that based on looking at our sales teams and understanding order flow and what's going on in terms of normal progression of customer is moving from inquiry all the way through to taking an order. And we're sort of, we don't have that right now, right?  So we're basically doing the furloughs to buy time to see the economy start to pick back up for people to be able to travel and understand where they are so that we can gauge what do we need to set that production run rate for the balance of the year. So that's, I mean that is the big question, okay? So, and again, I think there's a lot of reasons to be optimistic around what business aviation, what role it plays as you come out of this pandemic and people do need to travel and they want to do it safely and from a health standpoint. And they don't know what's going to be going on the commercial airline side about how quickly that comes back, what the routes, availability, you know all that sort of stuff. So -- and we certainly see anecdotal things that would indicate that there is reasons for optimism, but you also have to weigh that against business confidence and people and how do they feel about expanding that CapEx to acquire that aircraft. So this remains to be seen and that's why we're doing what we're doing, right. So the furloughs are mechanism to buy us some time and have better visibility so that we can set what we believe our appropriate levels of production, as we frankly finish 2020 and how we think about 2021.
Robert Stallard : Yeah, makes sense. And as a follow-up, Frank, you raised some debt against the insurance policy this quarter. As far as I know, it's pretty unusual. Can you give us an idea of what the sort of cost of debt was on this debt? And why you went down this avenue versus more plain vanilla stuff?
Frank Connor: Yeah. Well, we did this back in '08, '09 also. It's a ready source of cash, it's got a slightly higher cost to it than kind of a more normal borrowing it was, but we did it at a time frankly where we were seeing very significant dislocations in the financial markets. The Fed had not yet acted the way it's acted. People kind of were not -- we were seeing access to the markets dry up. And we just want to make sure that we had plenty of liquidity in anticipation of a potential downside to frankly what we've seen so far. So it's a bit of an insurance policy against our insurance policies and it is a source of liquidity. The reason that we did it at the time is there is a scenario where if we request that cash value, it can take -- the insurance companies have up to six months to provide it. And so we want to make sure that we got in front of any type of delay, if there was really a liquidity disruption in the markets.
Robert Stallard: Okay, thank you very much.
Frank Connor : Sure. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Arment. Please go ahead.
Peter Arment : Yeah, thanks, good morning, Scott, Frank. Scott, I guess unprecedented times, I mean how are you -- have you been doing a lot of assessments of the supply chain. How do you assess the risks or disruptions that you're seeing across your business?
Scott Donnelly: It's a good question, Peter, and look, I think it's a day-to-day fight, right. I mean we haven't seen any major issues. But without a doubt, there is such a patchwork of different rules and degrees of shutdown in different states that we track this every day. And so we haven't seen anything that's an unsolvable problem, but we're it managing every day. You have a supplier that's down for a week or so, and we work around that. So -- and again, we're not -- for sure, Aviation is largely shut down, the vehicle -- I mean a lot of our stuff is already shut down. But Bell operates every day. Systems is operating every day. We do have the golf lines on PTV back up and operating. And while we see small flare-ups on supply base issues we're able to resolve those. And frankly that goes for our own operations, Peter, right. It's -- you're operating under unusual circumstances and some inefficiencies here and there. But I think it's a, these are tactical issues. And the guys have done a really nice job of staying on top of it and kind of working through it every day.
Peter Arment: Yeah. And just quickly on Aviation, just can you update us where you are on the post the composite facility the accident there, where things stand there?
Scott Donnelly: Yeah, sure. Look the guys, again, did a fabulous job. We basically have the composites operation back up to 100%. So at this stage of the game, we're kind of working on the catch-up activities. We've been doing some operations in there to catch up on critical components.  So there's still work we need to do to bring all of our sort of in-house organic capability back up to speed, particularly on the autoclaves, but the composite layup facility and all that detailed work is fully back up and operating, but we're having to ship stuff mostly across town. Spirit, we're using a lot of their autoclave capacity. So Tom and his guys have made that available to us. So we're running. We're running in at 100%. So I think that's a problem that's largely behind us. Although as I said, we still have some inefficiencies because of having to use autoclave capacity across town that ultimately will get new into the place and be able to get back to normal operations. But for now, it's okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland.
Carter Copeland: Frank, I wondered if you could help me understand the, in the Bell results in the quarter, the, I assume the FLRAA booking, you were able to book some revenue associated with work that have been done to date. And just maybe help us understand that did in terms of the results and how we're thinking about the phasing revenues and margins from here? Because I imagine that was a big event for those guys.
Frank Connor: Well, it doesn't impact revenue. What it does impact is net R&D. So again, kind of there's significant gross R&D effort going on at Bell vis-a-vis both FARA and FLRAA, but particularly on FARA, we had invested in advance of that award and so we did see some benefit in the quarter associated with the award and effectively the government sharing that offsets then our gross R&D effort that resulted in a lower net R&D effort. That's why I said kind of earlier that we'll see net R&D at Bell rise as we move through the year as a result of both increased effort, but also not having some of that catch-up that benefited the first quarter.
Scott Donnelly: We've got a couple of questions. And just so people understand, this does not go through revenue, right? It is a cost share. It was in our plan. We still had lower R&D in Q1 because of the, what we expected to be ramping, the level of significantly ramping the gross R&D through the course of the year which will happen to execute on FLRAA and FARA. And our net piece will also ramp through the year as a result. But it's not something you'll see go through the revenue line.
Carter Copeland: Okay. All right. That's very clear. And then just as a follow-up, Scott, I wondered you, I appreciate the commentary, the differences in the forward outlook for aviation. But if you kind of parse that, how you're thinking about the forward outlook for jets versus turboprops and how that play out differently, I'd appreciate the color.
Scott Donnelly: Again, a good question. I wish we had better insight to it. Turboprop was hit pretty early in the year because we do so much in Asia. And as Asia kind of works our way through this, we're hoping we'll start to get some better insight into what's going on in the Asian market, which will particularly be impactful, I think, on the turboprop side of things. On the jet side of things, again, I think if you, my thought around this thing, and again, talking to Adam and Kenny and the Wheels Up and NetJets, you see the kind of inquiry and customer activity that they're seeing. Most of this, particularly as new people come in to this market, it's most likely they start in sort of that either charter club membership, jet card, but we're going to see it, and we are seeing some of it in fractional, and I think ultimately, you will start to see it in managed aircraft, right, where people conclude that, look, a whole aircraft makes sense for me. And again, it's just like everybody else in this industry. It's based on how many hours a year are, do you need to fly to determine what makes sense for you in terms of which of those kinds of products, if you will, are going into business aviation. But from my perspective, all these things are important, right? So driving utilization, even if it's in memberships and jet cards is more flying, which is more service. As customers do more equity based, and again, whether that's a fractional or it's a whole managed aircraft, again, that's obviously very good for us. I just, we just don't know what the timing of that progression looks like. And I'm not sure we'll get a lot better. We love that we're, that Wheels Up and NetJets are seeing this kind of activity and new customers coming into the market will help to give us some time here to see how that sort of trickles through the whole enterprise, if you will.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Raviv.
Jon Raviv: Scott, you mentioned how Textron has historically been able to manage through these sorts of crisis and issues. And certainly appreciate that you're in a much stronger spot, much different spot today than just over a decade ago. But how are you thinking, I mean, you're sort of pulling from the history of the company and your previous experience. How are you seeing about how you want the company to emerge once this is all done? Is it maybe deemphasizing certain parts of the business deemphasizing others? Appreciate that defense is clearly a lot more sticky kind of no matter what happens. Just how are you thinking with the perspective of your long career? How you want things to emerge on the other side?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think part of where we are today versus where we are is our balance sheet is in a much better place, obviously. We don't have some of the challenges that we had a decade ago. I think our investments in new products positions us better than we've ever been. As you play through the cycle, I mean, the fact that you have the FARAs and the FLRAAs at Bell, that you've got the Longitude just certified, the Latitude very strong product, things like Sky Courier in the pipeline. You look at what's going on in our Systems business, the things that we've done around investments in the unmanned side, both in the air vehicles, the surface vessels and now the investments we've made here recently both organic and through the acquisition of Howe & Howe on the land side. I just think we're much better positioned. And then that's going to continue to be those strategies in those businesses is how do we make sure that we have the kind of product and service that works that are, make us a more robust business. And I mean, this is a cycle that no one ever could have imagined, obviously. But I absolutely believe that we'll come out of this in a better place than we've ever been. I mean, things that we've been investing in for years to position us are happening as we speak. I think it's shame. A thing like a Longitude gets certified and 60 days later the market stops. But look, that's a transient, right? I mean, this too shall pass. Things like the FARA and FLRAA down-selects.  What's unfortunate is that happened right smack dab in the middle of a global economic shutdown. But that's, again, that's a transient. These are programs that have the potential. And obviously, we need to stay very focused and execute very well with Army customer in order for us to be the guy that ultimately gets selected to go forward on production, and we have to keep focused and working hard to make that happen. But these are, I see these things that are happening and obviously in the nature of this pandemic is a very transient thing. Now look, there's other businesses where we will look very hard at, are there opportunities to consolidate some things, and say "Look if I got some plant that are closed, are there more efficient ways to operate, manage. But we're looking at all those things. So, but I think the bottom-line is, this is a terrible moment in time. And trust me, it's not fun in running businesses where your plants are shut down, but this is a transient. And I think we're in a radically different position than we were a decade ago in some of our most important end markets. When you think about the Aviation side, it's just a totally different dynamic, coming out of this than coming out of that '08, '09 cycle.
Jon Raviv : Yes, thank you for that perspective. And then, just thinking about Bell, which seems to be obviously a good new story in the quarter on the military is very strong. Just thinking about the next couple of years there though, obviously we know that the V-22 numbers come down, but I know you've talked about the aftermarket type work bullying that somewhat. So can you just remind us of the sort of trajectory of Bell military? And then also what are we seeing in Bell commercial right now, especially with something like the 525?
Scott Donnelly: So look, Bell Military, obviously very solid for the quarter and we expect it to stay that way. As we've talked about before, we are definitely seeing a transition here over the last year or so and we'll continue to see that going forward where unit volumes are sort of flat to down a little bit and they're not just a function of the program of record on things like V22 and H1, but there has been significant growth in the aftermarket. Both of those platforms are heavily utilized. Their fleets have grown and the government frankly is looking for us to play a bigger role in sustaining and maintaining and frankly starting to upgrade some of those fleets. So I think we're well positioned for that and that was born out here in the quarter right. So we're seeing solid growth in the aftermarket on those things and that will help sustain that business and keep it, frankly, in a good place as we transition to whatever those next new platforms. May be, obviously focused very much on the FLRAAs and the FARAs of the world. On the commercial side of Bell, we do a lot of parapublic and international sales. Those are largely holding up. Obviously like all these businesses, sales activity right now is lower on some of the things like a 505, for instance, which is a shorter cycle sale, a lot more individuals and small corporate type things. So I expect that to be a little softer. But this is a very small amount of revenue and margin associated with that. It's a fabulous product. But it will go through a cycle not unlike a general aviation sort of business, but so much of the 412, 429, 407 is parapublic, EMS, a pretty well diversified set of end markets, which will be a little more resilient to a cycle like that. With that being said, we are, of course, looking at those order rates and we'll make any production related adjustments, as appropriate. That's obviously a very big service business as well, which again is very solid and was up in the quarter. People are -- people are flying in those markets.
Jon Raviv: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein. Please go ahead.
Ronald Epstein: Hey, good morning guys.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Ron.
Ronald Epstein: Maybe just -- following up on the Bell question, have you seen much of an impact or is it too soon what energy prices have done, given oil completely collapsed. Has that had any impact on Bell yet? Do you expect it to? How are you thinking about that?
Scott Donnelly: Ron, as you know, we don't have a huge part of the business that's oil and gas related. It's, there's a number of deals that are sort of in the pipeline that are kind of 412 or 429 related. There's a couple of things that were, as I said, that were in the pipeline that we haven't heard about yet, but it's because couple of these countries are just totally shut down. So whether it affects their strategy or not, I don't know. As you know, a lot of operators, and I don't think this will change in that industry, do put limits on how many hours aircraft have and ages of aircraft to meet their standards to provide service to the oil and gas fields.  So there is, that drives demand. I mean, there is regular turnover with a lot of these key customers. And remember, Ron, we're not, today, we don't do a lot of the big offshore stuff, right? It's the Gulf. It's a lot of the nearshore sorts of operations, and those tend to be the lower cost field, which I think are the ones that are more likely to hang in there. I think it's safe to say right now, you're not going to see a whole lot of deepwater, big dollar investments to get at some of the more expensive oil. So but people are still producing, and they're still going to have to run their operations. So I mean, I don't think it's a good thing for the oil and gas market for sure, but it's not one to which we have a huge exposure.
Ron Epstein: All right. Got you. And then maybe just as a follow on, Textron Finance, right, obviously, as a shadow of what it once was, particularly in the last downturn. But sadly, the golf industry has been put on ice for a while here. I mean have you seen that impact Finance? Because I still, there's still some golf properties kind of wrapped up in there. Has that impacted finance? And how has that impacted E-Z-GO?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. So 2 things. So first of all, we have 0 golf in TXT now. There are no golf properties. The last of that got sold off, actually an account closed out and gone last year. So we are officially out of the golf course finance business. So we have no exposure there. Golf, as you know, Ron, the cars themselves are primarily almost all are leased. So as clubs reach the end of their leases, they do roll and end those leases. I mean you can do a 6-month extensions and some stuff like that for sure. But the demand in the golf side of the business right now remains very strong. As you know, we introduced the lithium-ion stuff a while back, and that's been a fabulous product for us. Demand is very strong. This year, we introduced a brand-new, we think, market-leading gas product, which is a segment we haven't been a big player for a long, long time. We've seen a nice uptick in demand driven by that. So the golf business is running.  My only challenge on golf right now is just building up golf cars. And the difficulty there is we, our guys are doing a great job. They're working. I was down in Augusta a few weeks ago with them, and we're running the golf line, but what used to be every 2.5 minutes, we could produce a golf car, we're running at about 7 minutes right now, and that's because of the social distancing, right? We've got our production work cells where we usually have 3 or 4 folks at every station doing assembly work, I can only have 1 person in that area at the moment based on the guideline. So, but we're running 2 shifts making them and shipping them as fast as we can.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn.
Robert Spingarn: I want to ask a question. This could either be for you, Scott or for Frank. But I wanted to talk about the fact, a follow-on from really all the earlier questions. We've talked a lot about supply-side disruption from COVID-19, what it's been doing in the factories and furloughs. And obviously, it's very difficult to look through. But I was hoping we could balance this with the demand destruction that might be here. And I thought it might be helpful to look at your delivery exhibit and focus on jets delivered, which are down around half first quarter to first quarter and then the same for the commercial helicopters. Can you quantify or parse out how much is factory shut down? How much was the accident? How much is perhaps weakness in demand that crept into the quarter defaults or what have you? Can we talk about that?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. I can give some color on it. I mean, at aviation, it's, I mean, it's roughly 1/3, 1/3, 1/3, let's say, right? I mean there's stuff that we expected that we would not be able to deliver based on the interruptions on our composite facilities which, again, is a transient, and we're back to 100%. We're still playing some catch-up there, but I think we're getting that back under control. There's about 1/3 of it where aircraft where people just couldn't take delivery of the aircraft given travel constraints, and there is probably another 1/3 of stuff that we would have expected orders that would have closed in the quarter and aircraft that would have delivered that just aren't closing because we're not out selling.  And I think those largely will, clearly, the ones that can deliver on travel restrictions will push out into the subsequent quarter, the order activity needs to pick up as we can get back to sales. And clearly, we'll get caught up on the impact due to the composite stuff. So I don't have to go through all the direct numbers, but it's roughly split amongst those things, all of which I think are transient. In terms of what...
Robert Spingarn: They're all supply side, right, not being able to show up to pick up your airplane is a COVID-19 problem, the factory shut down, the accident and so forth. So it sounds like on the demand side, you haven't really seen it yet other than the cancellation of some backlog. But has anybody defaulted? We heard from a competitor that there were some defaults in the quarter.
Scott Donnelly: No. So just to be clear, I mean, I think, again, we're depending these things in supply and demand. There certainly was some lower volume in the quarter because of people reacting when the whole pandemic thing first got announced, right? Orders that were progressing that you would have expected that you would close things in normal business and convert to orders and sales didn't happen, right? So there is certainly some impact in the quarter on the demand side. What that means in the future is hard to predict because we're really not back doing a whole lot of sales activity. So on, and as I said, on the cancellation front, no, we did not get phone calls canceling aircraft. In fact, we, calls, people even in cases where they said, "Hey, I can't get there." And we said, well, look, you got to put additional cash, and they did, right? So I mean people want aircraft, and we saw that same dynamic at Bell. So it wasn't a matter of people calling and canceling. It was people not being able to pick it up and take delivery. So the only cancellations was, again, we talked about the fractional side.  And I think that, again, that's, I don't view, remember, for us, NetJets is very important. Their sales force sells a lot of our aircraft. And so if their sales force can't go out and sell aircraft, that's a problem for NetJets and for us. So I don't see that dynamic of what they're seeing as being different than the dynamic of my own sales force, right, which is having a hard time engaging in the way they would normally engage with customers and I expect that will, that will turn once the sale teams can get back out there and go about their business.
Robert Spingarn : You see what I'm getting at Scott is what I'm worried about is that it's not so much that the sales people can't logistically get deals done during this thing, but that the demand is actually worse than we think and I know you've characterized this period differently than the prior two downturns. But it's hard to ignore the fact that the prior two downturns, the light mid-jet segments were down 50% over a couple of years. And I'm just wondering if there is a hidden demand destruction that we're looking at here because we're going into a period of austerity, which generally accompanies these recession recoveries, people sharpen the pencil. There is a little less willingness in the boardroom to buy the airplane and I'm curious to see if you're seeing any evidence of that yet.
Scott Donnelly: No. Look, we're not out there selling. So I mean we don't. I mean you might be right, I don't know. For sure, I'm not putting you on my sales team. But this is the great unknown, guys. And again, all I can do is your facts and your perspective, if you looked at what happened coming out of 08, '09 are undisputable. I mean I completely understand. And there was -- we've got a lot of things were going on in '08 and '09, right. You had a massive destruction of wealth. You had huge volumes of aircraft that have been built in the four, five proceeding years. So you had tons of virtually brand new airplanes, only a couple of years old with very low hours, which were the same model of airplane that you were -- still in production with that you were selling against. And not to be underplay, there was a huge political bias in that '08, '09, '10 timeframe of people hiding their business jets, right. I mean it was a, just a -- such a different dynamic. But again, these are all just opinions. We don't know and I don't want to -- I want to be very clear. This is why we can't forecast yet and why we're trying to buy some time to get enough of this behind us to get a better perspective on what's going on in the market and what that demand environment will look like before we make permanent changes one way or the other to our production rates.
Robert Spingarn : Okay, and -- 
Scott Donnelly: We just don't know. I'm not disagreeing with you. I mean I understand your perspective. I just don't know.
Robert Spingarn: Yeah and I'm not trying to be overly negative. I am simply looking at what's happened before and the fact that we -- and it is unknown, but we could be in a period of austerity coming out of this thing and I would think that might matter.
Scott Donnelly: Well, if that turns out to be the case, it will matter and we will absolutely react accordingly. But as we sit here today, we just don't know. There is bull cases, there is bear cases and there is stuff in the middle and that's -- all we're trying to do guys is get to a point where we can have a much better fundamental understanding of what that demand environment looks like to make decisions on how to run the business going forward.
Robert Spingarn: Okay, thank you for the color.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of David Strauss, please go ahead.
David Strauss : Thanks, good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, David.
Frank Connor: Good morning.
David Strauss: Scott, I think NetJets has been out there publicly saying that not only from you all, but total industry deliveries they are now looking at roughly 25 this year versus the plan had been 60. Is that decline, I guess, percentage-wise roughly in line with what you're looking at versus what your initial plan was with NetJets?
Scott Donnelly: I would say that's in line with us. And I think what Adam put out is consistent with the conversations we've had and what I talked about in terms of how we worked with them to revise our outlook and backlog for the balance of the year. So what they put out there is absolutely consistent with the dialogue that we've had and the work that we've done to realign that delivery. So as he indicated, look, there are still quite a few deliveries here for the balance of the year, but it reflects the market as they see it today. And again, I'm not sure if that's how the market's going to look 30 days or 60 days from now, but it's how it looks today.
David Strauss: And with that in mind, how quickly can you pivot if they come back to you and turn things back on, how quickly can you pivot and increase deliveries back towards NetJets?
Scott Donnelly: Well, obviously, particularly for Latitudes and Longitudes, we had a pretty good visibility, again, based on that backlog and where we're going. So these aircraft are there, right? I mean they're not all 100% completed, but they are, and some of them were waiting for some of these composite parts. But we could clearly increase number of deliveries in those categories of aircraft based on that. So that would be a problem we would be perfectly happy to work on.
David Strauss: Okay. And then Frank, any sort of help you can give us with thinking about working capital from here? Obviously, it was a big use in Q1. I would assume that was mainly at industrial and aviation. But how might working capital play out from here through the rest of the year?
Frank Connor: Yes. I mean, overall, net working capital was not a big use in the quarter. Obviously, cash flow was kind of, when I talk about that, I mean, year-over-year. So it was similar in terms of our normal seasonality. From a cash flow perspective, I think we would expect that we would see some use of cash in the second quarter, and then we'd be positive in the back end of the year. I mean there are a lot of variables around this, obviously, given the uncertainty that we've been talking about. But assuming we see some restart of the economy and businesses get back going and our factory start-up and our expectation, again, is some use of cash flow in the second quarter and then positive cash flow in the back end of the year and kind of normal liquidation of inventory reflecting in that as we move through the year. We have certainly decelerated things coming in. And that will allow for good liquidation of inventory in the back half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman.
Seth Seifman: So I think I got one more here. Maybe you spoke, Scott, about Ship-to-Shore at the beginning, I think, and the number of craft that you built. So with a fair number of those builds and probably starting to get down the learning curve, is there a cash profile there that we should kind of be aware of in terms of some collections that you guys can make as those crafts get delivered and kind of when does that happen?
Scott Donnelly: I don't know if there's anything there dramatic, Seth. I mean, obviously, we've been, keep in mind, one of the things is we've been operating on undefinitized contract on the production now for quite some time. So in fact, about half of the program has been executed under that. So now we're fully definitized, but there's nothing there that would make it look very different than what you'd expect in terms of revenue cash collection. The payment terms are quite standard for a government contract at this point so.
Eric Salander: Okay. Greg, that will do it for now.
Operator: Okay. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Textron Earnings Call. And at this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Vice President, Investor Relations, Eric Salander. Please go ahead.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Kevin. And good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO, and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our Web site. Textron's revenues in the quarter were $4 billion, up $285 million from last year. During this year's fourth quarter, we recorded $72 million in pretax special charges, largely related to Industrial and Textron Aviation, or $0.24 per share after-tax. Excluding these special charges, adjusted net income was $1.11 per share compared to $1.15 in last year's fourth quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $650 million, up $366 million from last year's fourth quarter.  For the full year, revenues were $13.6 billion, down 2% from a year ago. Adjusted net income was $3.74 per share compared to $3.34 last year. And cash flow before pension contributions was $642 million, down from $784 million last year. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric. And good morning, everybody. Revenues were higher in the fourth quarter, primarily driven by double-digit growth at Textron Aviation, Bell and Textron Systems.  The bell revenues were up largely due to higher commercial deliveries of our 407, 429 and 505 models. We delivered 76 commercial helicopters, up from 46 in last year's fourth quarter.  On the military side, the V-22 tiltrotor recently surpassed the milestone of 500,000 flight hours. With more than 375 V-22 aircraft in operation across the US Marine Corps, Air Force and Navy, as well as internationally with Japan, this increasingly large installed base continues to drive significant aftermarket opportunities to support this highly utilized fleet. In the fourth quarter, the Bell Boeing Program Office was awarded contracts totaling over $800 million across multiple support activities, including $375 million to provide maintenance repair and consumable material support to the US Navy, Air Force and Marine Corps operations; $218 million for logistics and engineering support for aircraft across US military fleet; $146 million as part of the Marine Corps CCRam modernization program; and $68 million for logistics and engineering support to Japan. Bell also received an $815,000 five-year performance-based logistics contract for the U.S. Navy for upgrades to their H1 Yankee and Zulu aircraft.  On the new product front, Bell marked the second anniversary of V-280's first flight in December. In two years of highly successful flight demonstrations, the aircraft has flown more than 160 hours to collect data and inform requirements for the U.S. Army's future long-range assault aircraft program. In December, the V-280 flew anonymously for the first time, meeting all of Bell's demonstration flight goals, including automated takeoff and landing, conversion to cruise more and precision navigation. At Systems, revenues were up on higher volumes, largely within our unmanned systems product line. In the quarter, Textron Marine & Land Systems announced that ship-to-shore connector Craft 100 successfully completed acceptance trials with U.S. Navy. Also in the quarter, Textron Systems ATAC was selected as an authorized provider of contracted air adversary services for the US Air Force combat air force's contracted air support program. ATAC has also started flying its Mirage F1 fighters in support of their current U.S. Navy contract. Early in January, the U.S. Army announced its intention to award Textron Systems a contract for four Ripsaw M5 vehicles as part of its robotic combat vehicle medium program. Moving to Industrial, we recently completed our previously announced review of strategic alternatives for our Kautex business unit. The review considered a range of options for the business. And after careful consideration, we determined that the interest of our shareholders are best served with Kautex remaining as part of Textron.  At Textron Specialized Vehicles, we added additional independent dealers to our new tractor distribution channel and saw continued retail volume growth in the quarter.  Moving to Textron Aviation, in the quarter, revenues were $1.7 billion, up 11%. We delivered 71 jets, up from 63 last year, and 59 commercial turboprops, down from 67 in last year's fourth quarter. We also initiated deliveries of new Citation Longitude, with 13 aircraft in the quarter, including the first aircraft delivered to NetJets. I would now like to update you on the December 27 accident at Wichita Plant 3 facility. First and foremost, our number one priority is the health and safety of our employees and we're fortunate that all 12 injured employees have been released from the hospital and are recovering.  From an operational standpoint, Cessna SkyCourier, located also in Plant 3, has been unaffected by the accident and that program is containing on schedule. Just last month, we accomplished the successful wing mate of the SkyCourier, a key milestone in the development of this twin-utility turboprop. The plant did incur significant damage, affecting our composite manufacturing operations and we are working to recover the entire facility. We do expect some disruptions to our production that will impact our ability to complete and deliver aircraft in the first half of 2020, but we fully expect to recover by year-end with no impact to our annual plan. In December, we announced a restructuring plan to reduce cost and improve overall operating efficiencies through headcount reductions and other actions. At Aviation, these actions largely included headcount reductions, reflecting the completion of a long period of new product development, resulting in entering into service of Citation Latitude and, most recently, the Citation Longitude. These actions were necessary to align our cost structure within the current operating environment as we ramp up production of the Longitude, anticipate lower legacy aircraft demand and reduced requirements for ongoing development programs. We also acquired Premiair Aviation with its three locations in Australia, which has expanded our reach of aftermarket services in the Asia-Pacific region, reflecting our continued investment to support our customers internationally. Within the aviation aftermarket, increased volumes drove higher aftermarket revenues, which were up over 13% from the prior-year.  In summary, we have many items to highlight in 2019 across our segments. At Bell, we continued the successful flight testing of the V-280 Valor, achieving a cruise speed of over 300 knots, improved the aircraft's maneuverability and controlling the arc [ph] to the army's highest standards for aircraft agility. We also unveiled the Bell 360 Invictus, our offering for the U.S. Army's Future Attack Reconnaissance Aircraft competition. On Bell's commercial business, we saw higher deliveries from increased order demand we've seen over the last year-and-a-half. At Textron Systems, we had wins on several key development programs, including the Ripsaw M5 selected for the army's robotic combat vehicle program, Aerosonde HQ selected for phase 1 of the army's Future Tactical UAS program, ATAC selected to participate in the Air Force CAF CAS program, and [indiscernible] selected to continue in the army's next-generation squad weapons program. Within TSV, we launched a new distribution channel, through our partnership with Bass Pro Shops and Cabela's, an independent TRACKER Marine dealers. We also implemented a new business model to better align production with demand in our snow business and we expect both actions to drive both growth and improved performance in the outdoor powersports business.  At Textron aviation, we certified and began deliveries of our new Citation Longitude and advanced development of two new turboprop programs, the Cessna SkyCourier and Denali. With this backdrop, we're projecting revenues of about $14 billion for Textron's 2020 financial guidance. At Bell, we're expecting continued strong execution in 2020, with lower military production offset by higher military aftermarket and higher commercial volumes. At Systems, we're expecting modest revenue growth, partially driven by the 2019 new program wins highlighted earlier. At Industrial, we'll maintain our focus on our vehicle business in 2020 as we continue to improve execution and drive improved profitability. At Aviation, we are protecting growth from increased deliveries of our new Citation Longitude aircraft, partially offset by lower legacy demand.  We are projecting EPS in the range of $3.50 and $3.70 per share. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions is expected to be in the range of $700 million to $800 million. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott. And good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $340 million, down $57 million from the fourth quarter of 2018 on a $285 million increase in revenues. Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues at Textron Aviation of $1.7 billion were up 11%, primarily due to higher volume and mix, largely reflecting Longitude's entry into service. Segment profit was $134 million in the fourth quarter, down from $170 million a year ago, primarily due to the mix of products sold and an unfavorable impact from inflation net of pricing. The resulting margin dilution in the quarter from the mix of the aircraft sold was largely due to the initial launch to deliveries and the associated higher cost basis that included rework for modifications required by the final type certification and lower legacy deliveries. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1.7 billion. Moving to Bell, revenues were $961 million, up 16% from $827 million last year, primarily on higher commercial volume. Segment profit of $118 was up $10 million, largely on the higher commercial volume. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $6.9 billion. At Textron Systems, revenues were $399 million, up 16% from $345 million a year ago, primarily due to higher volume.  Segment profit of $33 million was down $4 million primarily due to unfavorable performance, partially offset by the higher volume and mix. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1.2 billion. Industrial revenues of $927 million decreased $81 million, largely related to lower volume and mix at Textron Specialized Vehicles, principally due to the shift in the timing of snow sales to the third quarter of 2019, reflecting the new business model that was implemented earlier this year. Segment profit was $44 million compared to $73 million a year ago, largely due to lower volume at Kautex and the shift in volume at TSV, partially offset by favorable performance and price at TSV. Finance segment revenues increased $1 million and profit increased $2 million. Moving below segment profit, corporate expenses were $22 million and interest expense was $36 million. With respect to our restructuring plan, we recorded pretax special charges of $72 million in the quarter. We ended the year with manufacturing debt of $3.1 billion. For the full year, we repurchased approximately 10 million shares at an overall cost of $503 million. Turning now to our 2020 outlook, I'll begin with our segments on slide nine of the earnings call presentation. At Textron Aviation, we're expecting higher revenues of about $5.4 billion, reflecting higher Longitude deliveries, partially offset by lower legacy deliveries. Segment margin is expected to be approximately 8%, reflecting the dilution related to higher inventory costs and learning curve associated with the increased Longitude deliveries and lower legacy volume. Looking to Bell, we expect overall revenues of about $3.3 billion. We're forecasting a margin of about 12.5%, largely reflecting a change in mix of military volume. At Systems, we're estimating higher 2020 revenues of about $1.5 billion. Segment margin is expected to be about 10.5%. At Industrial, we're expecting segment revenues of about $3.8 billion and a margin of about 6.5%. At Finance, we are forecasting segment profit of about $20 million. Turning to slide 10, we're estimating 2020 pension costs to be about $33 million versus pension income of $11 million last year. Turning to slide 11, R&D is expected to be about $550 million, down from $647 million in 2019. We're estimating CapEx will be about $360 million, up from $339 million last year. Moving below the segment line and looking at slide 12, we're projecting about $135 million of corporate expense, $135 million of interest expense and a full-year effective tax rate of approximately 18.5%. Our outlook assumes an average share count of about 227 million shares as we continue to deploy the majority of our free cash flow toward share repurchases in 2020. That concludes our prepared remarks. So, Kevin, we can open the line for questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And the first question in queue is from the line of Peter Arment of Baird. Please go ahead. One moment please. Mr. Arment, your line is open now.
Peter Arment: Yeah. Good morning, Scott, Frank.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Peter Arment: Hey, Scott. I guess I'll just start high-level, I guess, on Aviation. Just talking about the outlook, it feels like with Longitude ramping and finally getting across the goal line, that's a big step forward, but just kind of I see the legacy rates coming down. Is there an expectation on kind of unit volume you expect for 2020?
Scott Donnelly: I think, overall, our unit volume will be fairly flat for the year. So, on a unit number, we'll clearly a lot more Longitudes. So, the revenue guide is obviously up. But as I said, the unit volumes will be kind of flattish, although it will have higher unit revenues driven by the fact that we'll have a significant mix of Longitudes.
Peter Arment: Okay. And then, just on the Longitude itself, there was expectation that this was going to help a lot on the factory absorption side. Is there just a point in time or an inflection where we get through kind of the learning curves? What's your expectations around that? 
Scott Donnelly: Clearly. Look, the first quarter  really, most of the first half, we'll be selling all the aircraft that we were fabricating late last year. Obviously, a number of those have a lot of the rework that was basically inventoried and we'll deliver here particularly in the first quarter. The learning curve is going well. But for sure, we'll expect to see a more normalized margin rate on Longitude as we get into the back half of the year. So, that's the challenge in terms of the mix side is our going through sort of moving the aircraft that has incurred a fair bit of rework, certification process and then getting the learning curve under our belt, which we feel good about in terms of the early fabs and all the feeder lines that are coming into final. But we'll really start to see those aircraft that are going to deliver in the second half of the year in the final assembly line here as we get into the first half.
Peter Arment: And just lastly on just overall demand in biz jets, just what's your current take? Obviously, you've had some fits and starts with trade and kind of the stresses last year. Can you maybe give us your overall environment?
Scott Donnelly: I think it's pretty consistent with what we talked about going into the third quarter. The Longitude obviously being a brand new product and very well-received in the market, we feel good about how that's going. And, clearly, a new product like that will drive some demand activity, which is great. On legacy side, things continue to be sort of flat to down. And as we talked about in the third quarter, our approach here is that we would lower our volumes, bring back some of our production capacity, and make sure that we don't have to get into a situation where we've got a bunch of excess aircraft and start to drive pricing activity. So, I think we made those adjustments going into the fourth quarter and I think we'll hold those for our prospective  at this point, we'll hold that through 2020. If something starts to change or we see things strengthen  there's certainly a lot of conversation, Peter. It's not like the market is high out there, but getting people to commit has been a little bit softer and we saw that through the whole back half of 2019. So, I think the market has been pretty stable here for the last three to six months.
Peter Arment: Appreciate all the color. Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sheila Kah of Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Sheila Kah: Good morning, guys. I'm dropping my last name. I just wanted to follow-up quickly on Peter's question. You had 7.8% margins in the fourth quarter, 13 Longitudes out the door. So, when we think about the quarterly aviation margin cadence, does it dip below that in the first half and also putting the incident in Plant 3 into the picture too? So, is this the kind of  do we expect a steeper drop in the first half?
Scott Donnelly: Yeah. So, look, we don't normally go into a quarterly kind of progression, but considering particularly with the impact to Plant 3, I think that we will probably be somewhere in the 10 to 15 aircraft light in Q1 and Q2. We're still in the process of finalizing and understanding all the tooling, which everything appears to be repairable, but it will take some time to get the composite operation back up and running. So, given that and the progression we just talked about with Peter on the margin kind of going from a tougher margin on Longitudes and becoming more normalized as we get sort of exiting 2020, I think the progression at Aviation is going to start the year sort of low single-digit in Q1. It's going to move to a mid-single digit in Q2 and then high single-digit Q3 and double digit Q4. And again, that's really  normally, we don't kind of go into that level of detail, but I think we have to make sure people understand that we are going have lighter deliveries in Q1 and Q2 driven by the composite factory issue. And that compounded with the change of margin rate of Longitudes through the course of the year will give us that sort of progression. So, it's  again, our full year sort of intact and I think consistent with the guide that we've given you. But we clearly expect that Q3, Q4 are going to be at the more normalized margin rates that we expect out of this business. But it will be light in Q1 and Q2 given the Longitude mix and the light deliveries frankly of a lot of the legacy aircraft impacted by the Plant 3 situation.
Sheila Kah: Okay. Thanks. That's pretty clear. And sorry for all that detail in the quarter. But bigger picture question, you decided to keep Kautex. I guess what was the rationale behind deciding to keep it? And you've also announced some restructuring for two years in a row now. Where is that business today and what brings the profitability levels back up to that 6.5% range that you're guiding to?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, Kautex, as we've always talked about, is a good business. It's been a good cash generator for us. It generates a very good ROIC, solid returns. We were asked and sort of heard from a lot of investors that maybe this is something that within the portfolio holds back our PE and our ability to generate a better stock price. So, we said, look, we're going to go look at this. We went into the process knowing that considering the profitability of that business and sort of where things were in the automotive sector that we would probably see some dilution. But some dilution versus a potential re-rate on the multiple could result in something good for our shareholders. As we went through the process, the reality was that what was the pricing in terms of what anyone would be willing to pay for that business would have created a level of dilution that there's, in our view, would have created enough of a re-rate on the multiple that would have been good for our shareholders. So, we went through the process. It was very rigorous. We looked at a lot of different alternatives and options. And in the end, there was no way for us to get our head around this being something that would be accretive for our shareholders. Again, it's a good business. It generates good cash. It generates good earnings. Look, we're also sitting at kind of a low part of an automotive cycle, but that team has done a really nice job of managing through that. And it has stayed a solid business. Obviously, we did some restructuring because we think that there's  you're probably towards the bottom of the auto cycle, but it's not going to come snapping back. So, we wanted to make sure that we make sure we adjusted the right cost, so that as we go through a period of, relatively speaking, lower volumes, we maintain good margins in the business, and I think we'll do that.
Sheila Kah: Okay, thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Carter Copeland of Melius Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Carter Copeland: Carter, you there?
Operator: Okay. Mr. Copeland, your line is open.
Scott Donnelly: We'll go to the next one, Kevin. 
Operator: One moment please. Next question is from the line of Pete Skibitski. Please go ahead, sir.
Pete Skibitski: Scott, sorry to beat on this, so the Plant 3 issue, that's more of a revenue issue in the first half than a margin issue. Am I understanding that right? So, the margin pressure in 2020 is almost wholly due to the Longitude, is that accurate?
Scott Donnelly: No, Pete. I think that the lower volume, obviously, in Q1, Q2, considering that we period-expensed all of our R&D and our SG&A, our costs are going to be more evenly spread over the course of the year. So, when you pull 10 or 15 aircraft out, that's a big chunk of revenue. And particularly, it's a lot of our legacy good margin business. So, I think that it's a combination of both the progression of Longitude profitability through the course of the year. But the Q1, Q2 impact of missing that revenue is not trivial. And that's why I thought it would help to try to guide what we expect that margin rate to look like through the course of the year.
Pete Skibitski: Yeah. No, that's helpful. Thank you. And so, if things stay on track, I know you've said in the past you've wanted this business to be a double-digit business, is there any reason to think that can't be true in 2021 assuming  obviously, [indiscernible] on Longitude, but  and assuming Plant 3 doesn't happen again.
Scott Donnelly: Look, we're going to be careful, Pete. We're not quite ready to guide 2021 just yet.
Pete Skibitski: Of course.
Scott Donnelly: But, yeah, look, as you get into the third and fourth quarter, I would expect to see margin rates in aviation that are indicative of how that business should perform in a normal place. As I said, that should be in that high-single digit, low-double digit range. 
Pete Skibitski: Okay. Thanks, guy. 
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: The next question is from the line  one moment, please. That is David Strauss of Barclays. Please go ahead.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning. 
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, David.
David Strauss: You noted in Q4 at Aviation, inflation net of pricing was a headwind. Could you maybe break the pieces out there, inflation versus pricing? And then also, how you're thinking or what you've got baked in for inflation versus pricing in the 2020 guide for Aviation?
Scott Donnelly: The dynamic in Q4 was price was pretty flattish, and so that's why we have a negative because, clearly, there was some inflation in Q4. And we didn't have price to offset that. So, it was fairly flat. Again, part of our dynamic and rationale for pulling back on the volume, particularly on those legacy aircraft is to make sure that we can maintain the price levels that we have in the industry. So, I don't think we'll probably get into breaking out sort of the components of the guide around the price inflation number, but clearly we would you like to drive to get that back in balance.
David Strauss: Okay. And following up on a question couple quarters ago I asked, was on the potential upside for MAX simulators. Obviously, now it looks like there's going to be mandatory simulator training. Could you just talk about what you see maybe in terms of order interest there and potential upside from this?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we have certainly continued to see order interest, I think, particularly now with  what you're seeing out there publicly around the need for MAX sim training in some capacity associated with a return to service. That's picking up. So, we've largely been following the lead of Boeing who is our biggest customer in this space and we are going to increase the number of MAX simulators that we have in production. So, I think that's good. Look, for our total company, it's not going to be a material impact, but we will certainly see a little bit of an upside on the number of MAX sims.
David Strauss: Okay. Thanks very much. 
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of  one moment please  Jon Raviv of Citi. Please go ahead. 
Jon Raviv: Hey, thank you. Good morning. Apologies, if you'll jump back to the Aviation margin, I appreciate that high-single digit, low-double digit in second half is normative. But really just still thinking about the overall underlying earnings power of this business. At some point, we were always thinking that this could be a pretty strong incremental margin business. Clearly, with rates down, you'd beat some of that this year, but as you kind of reemerge out of what could be a tough year this year given some of the dynamics, is it still fair to think about this as a double-digit type business going forward, given some of the changes you've made?
Scott Donnelly: Absolutely. That's our expectations. I think that  look, we obviously had a fair bit of dilution here in Q4 and expect that in the first half of next year. If you set the Plant 3 thing aside, which is an unusual circumstance, obviously, Longitude, we fully expect to be a strong margin product. It's an outstanding product. We've got a bunch of them in the field now. It's been well received by customers. It's flying beautifully. Feedback on those who have taken delivery. Several customers who are flying this thing hard is outstanding. So, I think this thing is going to a great part of the business. But, clearly, there was a lot more cost in 2019 in getting through on the certification process and all that was entailed there. And we still have costs as we go into 2020 in pursuit of certifications around the world and the entry into service. There's always some costs associated with these things as you roll them out into the marketplace. But this thing is going to be an outstanding product. It's going to be a product that has the kind of margin rates that we expect across our jet line and this is a transient problem. I think we end up in a very good place and we have very good expectation for this business to be a double-digit margin business.
Jon Raviv: Thanks. And then, you talked about how some of the restructuring is based on lower development plans going forward. Something that I think has helped you guys recently is investing in new products and the ability to drive some growth in what could be a flattish market. How do you think about that going forward? There's still parts of your portfolio, some would suggest, could use some upgrades here and there. So, how are you thinking about the skyline beyond SkyCourier and Denali?
Scott Donnelly: Look, I think if you look at the product portfolio right now in Aviation, obviously, the last five years of driving Latitude and Longitude have completely transformed our jet product line and positions in a very good place when you think the SkyCourier which is a fabulous product in a new market segment for us really. It's going to be a great growth driver. We've not been in the high-performance single. That's our rationale for Denali. It's a great market, which I think will get very good participation. Beyond that, we obviously always have some things that we're looking at. I think there's clearly opportunity to do some upgrades and refreshes across some of the core Industrial product line in both the jet and the turboprop side of things. And so, we'll pursue those. They just won't be of the magnitude of a clean sheet, brand-new airplane like a Latitude or a Longitude. So, when we talk about pulling back on some of the R&D, I think that's just reflecting that you don't have two major 525 aircraft that are in process. So, I think we'll continue to have a robust product lineup, both in the SkyCourier/Denali and other upgrades. So, I'm not at all concerned that we're going to underwhelm the R&D side. We know you have to do and refresh products to continue to drive growth here. Well, the same is true across the rest of our portfolio. We've obviously made massive investments in things like the V-280 program, the 525 program, put a lot of money into the FARA program, you'll actually see some R&D come down in that business as we go into next year, but that's really driven because you have things like FLRAA and FARA that have been virtually all funded under our R&D that will now start to move into a larger cost share on a couple of the government programs and clearly 525 is winding down in terms of the level of R&D to support its certification. So, those two businesses drive the bulk of our R&D, obviously. Systems is just a smaller number, but still if you look at things that are the new programs that are happening and starting to drive growth, which we're seeing in 2020, it's as a result of the investments that we've been making in some of those product lines around everything from the next generation of unmanned air vehicles, like FTUAS. Obviously, ship-to-shore was a huge investment. As that turns to production, that's going to help to drive some growth and much improved profitability. The M5, this RCV, again, this is a lot of R&D that we've been putting into these businesses and, in some cases, small acquisitions over the last few years that are starting to turn around and drive growth in those businesses.
Jon Raviv: Yeah, I appreciate all that color, Scott. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Seth Seifman of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much. And good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Seth Seifman: Scott, when you talked about the outlook being for flattish overall delivery volumes with Longitude adding and the legacy portfolio coming down, there's generally not a ton of visibility. Is that expected decline in the legacy portfolio kind of a view of what you're seeing in the spot market? Or is it the majority of Latitude deliveries go to one customer and that customer is changing its mix of deliveries from Cessna?
Scott Donnelly: I'm not sure I understand entirely, Seth.
Seth Seifman: If legacy deliveries are coming down, a lot of the legacy deliveries are Latitudes to NetJets. Is NetJets coming down significantly and making a transformation from Latitude to Longitude, and that's why legacy deliveries are down? Or is it your sense of the spot market being weaker and that's why legacy deliveries are down?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think in general, as we talked about in Q3, we expect legacy deliveries just to be down given the outlook of the overall market. You're right. When you look at a Latitude, yeah, we do expect lower levels of delivery to NetJets on Latitudes next year versus this year. And you're right, I don't think it's necessarily trade. Just where the market is right now. With Longitude coming as a brand new product, you'll see a lot more deliveries to NetJets of the Longitude class aircraft in 2020. So, yes, you're right, there are certainly  we certainly expect to deliver fewer Latitudes next year to NetJets than we had previously, but the dynamic of the legacy is it's just a somewhat softer market. Not inconsistent with how we saw it back in Q3.
Seth Seifman: Yeah, understand. Understand. And then, at Bell, you've kind of traditionally talked about Bell as a 10% to 12% margin business. Starting the guide this year at 12.5%. The business has executed very well for probably like five years or so now. Is the baseline margin for Bell kind of maybe higher than you thought?
Scott Donnelly: Look, I would still say we're in that 10% to 12% range, right? So, I think at 12.5%, obviously, that's very strong performance for that business. We feel very good about it, particularly we still have a very high level of R&D. Again, we'll benefit a little bit from having higher levels of cost share as we move some of the military programs and do  in this year, real military acquisition programs as opposed to straight IRAD funded. But, yeah, look, I think the position that Bell is in right now is quite strong. If you had a large EMD program, which tends to be at a lower margin, that's going to mix it down a little bit. But I think you're going to stay in that 10% to 12% margin rate even in that circumstance, which obviously would be a terrific news story, right, that you're driving what will be a very large EMD program with a lot of future growth in the production phase. So, I would kind of leave that 10% to 12% out there.
Seth Seifman: Okay. Thanks very much, Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And next question is from the line of Robert Spingarn of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Spingarn : Hi. Good morning. I wanted to, Scott, go back to the higher level view here. And you touched on valuation and your desire to improve it when you were answering Sheila's question on Kautex and disposition. And I wanted to go to the valuation and think about cash flows. You've got sales growth in 2020, but we've gone through a period here, let's say, from 2018 to 2020 where earnings and cash flows have been somewhat flattish. And that's the case in the forecast again. You've talked about a number of the reasons. What needs to happen to get the cash flow return on sales above this kind of 5% level? Other than learning curve on Longitude and some of the other puts and takes you've talked about, what is the potential for this business?  And then, separately for Frank, just regarding the extra week, I guess, in the fourth quarter and in the year, how does that play out 2020? Are we back to where we were?
Scott Donnelly: Well, from a high level, we've had Bell that has gone over the last few years from a $4.5 billion business in the peak of the V-22 world down to $3.2 billion, $3.3 billion business. At the same time, it's been investing heavily in things like 525 and things like V-280. And obviously, V-22 has done a significant ramp down from the 40 a year to 20 a year to low double digit a year. So, I think our focus in that business has been making sure that we're investing for the future, while still maintaining strong execution and strong margin rates. And I think we've been able to do that. And I certainly think we're at a point here, as we go forward into 2020, there's some really important milestones around where the acquisition process goes, on things like the V-280 program. Finally going through and completing certs on 525. So, things that have been costs with no revenue or margin over the last few years have certainly been pressure points, right? So, the margin has stayed good, but the absolute number has certainly come down owing to the reduced revenue. But I think we're in a really, really good place to see that turn here as we go through the next few years. Systems is a similar sort of
Robert Spingarn : You could get the revenue turn a little bit here. You've got decent revenue growth in 2020. Are you saying you catch up on the other end, 2021, 2022?
Scott Donnelly: Absolutely. I think as we said, part of what we see here in the interim on Bell is this transition from unit deliveries to a very large and growing installed base which starts to drive more aftermarket, and that's what we're seeing. What's driving the growth in 2020 is that you're starting to see the significant growth in the aftermarket side of the business, largely military, but also some on the commercial side, owing to the fact that we have a very large installed base now out there on the V-22 and the H1 programs.  What really then will drive that next tranche of growth is driven around some of these new platforms in which we've been investing, like the V-280s and the 525s. So, that is the dynamic in Bell. Systems is a similar story. We had some great platforms, the platforms that were sort of on the downside of their program of record as they phased out, but just start to see the new program wins. Again, the investments that we've been making that are now positioned and are awarding in winning some of these contracts that will get them this year delivering 10% plus margins, forecasting 10% plus margins. That's a good business. The issue for us has been to get the overall business to start to drive positive revenue and we're going to see that in 2020 as we've guided and talked about. So, I think that one is already making that turn. Aviation, again, we've gone through a very heavy period of investment that has resulted in the Latitudes, the Longitudes. It's been frustrating to see that sort of in many cases just sort of replace legacy platforms. But without having that portfolio with a Latitude and Longitude, you'd be in a really tough spot. So, I feel great about where that business is positioned. The team has historically executed very well. As we have just withdrawn production, obviously, we have a challenge around Longitude and just getting those margins where they need to be, but we clearly have a line of sight to get there as we work our way through 2020. Obviously, that business is much more dependent on what does the end market do beyond 2020, into 2021 and we have no idea how to make that call yet. But I think we have a really good product lineup and a couple of other things in the pipeline, obviously, that will help that.  So, our earnings have been growing, but we have had too much pressure on not enough revenue growth, and I think we're seeing where the opportunities are here in 2020 as we saw at the end of 2019 that we can get the top line to start growing.
Robert Spingarn : Okay. Thank you for all that color.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Scott, any new revelations into why the business jet market deteriorated over the last 3 to 6 months? And specifically, why used inventory keeps going back up every month? You just typically don't see this in the middle of an economic cycle. Is it just  PMI, has it been weak and global growth just hasn't broken out and it's as simple as that or anything new you've learned there?
Scott Donnelly: I don't think we've seen as much growth over the last 6 months. I think there's certainly been plenty of reasons for smaller biz size business guys which is the bulk of our customer base in the jet market to have some pause. Look, you've seen is in CapEx spending, right? They've been holding back a little bit. So, I think as some of the trade things are starting to get  that noise is sort of settling down, the Brexit noise which again shouldn't have a huge direct impact on us, but it does create uncertainty in the market, that seems like it's on a path to at least becoming resolved and certain. And, look, we're in the middle of a very political cycle right now. So, I think as we work our way through the year and the politics and where things are going to land become more clearer, then I'd be optimistic that businesses would get back to a more aggressive move in terms of willingness to spend CapEx and invest in their businesses, not just in aircraft, but in general which is certainly what drove a lot of the growth if you went back into late 2017, early part of 2018. So, we're hopeful that that happens, but we need to see that happen.
Noah Poponak: Do your customers specify to you that an election is particularly concerning to them and kind of puts it on pause or not necessarily?
Scott Donnelly: I'd rather not get into the politics of it, Noah. But, certainly, there's differing views about what the business climate looks like depending on the outcome of the election. So, it's kind of natural that there be some reflection on that. But people that are businesspeople.
Noah Poponak: Yeah. And then, Frank, on the cash flow outlook for 2020, can you help us out with the net Longitude related working capital assumption you're making in there because I think you had a decent amount to unwind, but you're also still ramping the production rates. So, I would just like to understand that piece and then therefore the underlying total company piece outside of that.
Frank Connor: Yeah, kind of overall the guide, at least at the upper end, reflects one to one cash conversion on net income. So, we're generally expecting good working capital performance. There isn't anything extraordinary in there kind of relative to Longitude. They kind of continue to expect maybe some ramp in the Longitude, but there's nothing significant from a working capital standpoint kind of embedded in that. I have to say that kind of certainly 2019, we did work our way through all the headwind associated with multiyear 2, transitioning to multiyear 3. So, as it relates to 2019 cash performance, we absorbed hundreds of millions of dollars of that reversal in 2019 that did kind of reflect on that 2019 performance and kind of we put that behind us as we move into 2020. So, we're expecting that we'll see good cash flow performance in 2020.
Noah Poponak: I thought you had been saying 2019 was pretty substantially impacted by Longitude buildup and that that would release beyond 2019.
Frank Connor: Well, there's some of that, but kind of there's  you can see some inventory build if there is kind of payables from overall working capital standpoint that also go to offset some of that build. The biggest drag on 2019 was this  at Bell with the kind of government payments timing where we were ahead on multiyear 2 and then we  the multiyear 3 structure has us kind of incurring costs before we receive cash. And so, that was a big reversal that impacted 2019 that we will not see in 2020.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Robert Stallard of Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning. Scott, first of all, on the business jet pricing environment, I was wondering if you're seeing any of your competitors acting in an even more irrational manner in response to the demand environment? Or perhaps you are seeing any change in response to the Longitude and its entry into service?
Scott Donnelly: Well, in general, I guess, I don't know that we have seen a huge change, Robert. This is  again, I think we probably all want to be cautious about, making sure that we're not running production greater than demand. That always will create some bad behavior in the market. Of course, it always the other guy, right? We just want to make sure we're not participating in that process. And I think we have fought to get pricing back to a reasonable level, which represents the value of the product. And I think we got that back over that 2017, 2018 time frame. So, we just want to make sure that we hold pricing and get the increases that are reflective of inflation going on. It's a perfectly reasonable business position to take I think. So, I think, in general, that's the overall dynamic as the way we see it and how we think we should behave. Look, our Longitude pricing, I think we're pleased with that. We're getting the value that we expect to get from an aircraft that's performing very well. Customers love the cabin, the range, the speed and the price levels in there are appropriate and we're continuing to make sure that we're getting the right value of aircraft.
Robert Stallard: Okay. And then, as a follow-up and on a different matter, actually, on Kautex, and the decision there to not sell the business, if the automotive environment were to improve multiples that have moved higher, would you reconsider this sale in the future?
Scott Donnelly: I don't think we will make  we don't make any comments about M&A. We went out and we had to do this in a public way which was very difficult, as you can imagine, on our team to go through that. But our general view is we don't really want to forecast or comment one way or the other on M&A. And I think given where we are in that process, we'll go back to that practice. So, it's a good business. Does really well for us and we're going to focus on running it.
Robert Stallard: Thanks very much, Scott.
Operator: And next we have George Shapiro of Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Yes. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, George.
George Shapiro: Scott, I was just wondering we had talked about if the economic environment got more stable towards the end of the year that you would see some improvement in the business. It sounds like from your comments that you haven't. I was just wondering why you might think that is. We certainly have a pretty good environment, economic and stock market wise.
Scott Donnelly: Well, George, I don't know. I'm not trying to be an economic forecaster, but I think there's still a fair bit of uncertainty. And a lot of it at this point is  I think the trade things seem like they're quieting down, but there's still enormous amount of political uncertainty that is in front of us every day. So, I think in large part, people want to see how all this plays out. It makes a big difference when you think about tax policies and things of that nature. So, I think that the market hasn't stopped. There is still a fair bit of activity going on. There's lots of conversations going on, but it's  I think that it still does  that uncertainty does create some friction to people going ahead and doing a deal, and that's fine. Again, that's why we pulled back little bit on production and our position is that customers are going to make their decision, we're not going to just priced it  to go accelerate the decisions if they don't make that decision yet.
George Shapiro: And have you seen any tougher competition from Lombardier given the state that they are in and would you ever have an interest in their aviation part of the business?
Scott Donnelly: George, I don't think we've seen any dramatic change in the dynamic  look, lots of deals are competitive deals. And price activity and whatnot seems like it's been fairly stable. So, I don't see a big change in that. And with respect to the M&A side, again, we hope we see the articles and hear all the noise, but we would not comment on any M&A activity.
George Shapiro: Okay. And, Frank, one for you. The inventories are up like $250 million for the year. So, what is still an inventory that effectively wasn't delivered in the fourth quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Well, that's across the entirety of the corporation, George. But, again, \we are ramping Longitude, and so there is additional inventory at Aviation that reflects that ramp.
George Shapiro: I was just wondering because the cash flow turned out a little bit weaker than you were expecting. And so, I thought maybe there's something else going on there.
Scott Donnelly: No, cash flow was right in the middle of our guide. And kind of again, as I said before, the cash flow is impacted certainly for the year by a significant headwind at Bell associated with the military programs.
George Shapiro: And then, I guess one last one. The profit mix at Industrial between Special and Kautex, you've alluded to that in the release that it was primarily Special Vehicles. If Kautex wasn't down much, it would imply that Special Vehicles didn't earn much in the quarter. Is that a correct assumption? And if so, if you can expand on why.
Scott Donnelly: George, generally, we don't get into the margin mix in the segment. I think the commentary was that, as it relates to vehicles, we certainly had a lower volume year-over-year. And as Frank said, a big part of that was snow because we delivered snow product largely in Q3 versus Q4 a year ago and we should be delivering them in Q3. So, it's a good thing that we did them in Q3 versus Q4. So, the overall volume was lower, which certainly has an impact on margin, but we don't  we're not going to breakout any more detail on the margin splits between the different sub segments.
George Shapiro: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: And next question is from the line of Cai von Rumohr of Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr : Scott, maybe update us on the upcoming down selects for FARA and FLRAA. And if you win one or both of them, what's  because, essentially, a win just a ticket to the next level of competition. What's the chance that you will be spending some of your own money? And I know the dollars that they have for you are not huge. But you'll be spending some of your own money and, therefore, that would be an earnings drag because you want to win what's really a very sizeable potential.
Scott Donnelly: So, our guide incorporates that, Cai. So, we have been spending our IRAD money with really no match on FARA and little match over the years on FLRAA. There certainly has been some government money on the V-280 program, but again largely that's been funded through our IRAD numbers. So, what we have in our plans is, if you look at 2020, the amount of R&D actually increases in Bell, but you have a much higher level of participation of government co-funding than we had just under straight IRAD funding. So, it takes something like a FARA. FARA, I think they will down select to the two companies to go do the fly off. We expect that to be in the February to March time frame is what they're saying. We love our offering. We've talked a lot about  we're thinking that this is a fabulous performance. It clearly meets the requirements. We think it's taking great new technology that we matured on 525. The army  remember, the way they are running that program is they provide a few very high level critical requirements, but they're not prescriptive in terms of how you accomplish that. So, the down select process from 5 to 2 will happen again probably in that February, March time frame. If it does happen, we will have a lot more R&D effort in the business, but it will actually be less R&D in terms of IRAD than we spent in previous periods because, again, you do have a very large portion of government cost share where we had none before on the program. So, it's relatively neutral to the overall plan, even though it's a lot more R&D because of the dynamic of the cost share. The FARA program, again, you're right. The anticipation is that sometime probably in the March timeframe, what they're saying is they would award two contracts in all likelihood. They don't say it has to be two, but sort of the expectation I suppose is it's two. With V-280, we obviously have the expectation that we would be one of those. That's not a huge program because it really is going through and sort of crossing Ts and dotting Is and working on risk reduction towards the ultimate EMD or OTA decision which is probably still in late 2021 is what they're saying. So, that's not a big mover for us one way or the other in the year, but the FARA program is. But, again, it's not a headwind because even though you have a much higher level of R&D on that program, it does have a large cost share.
Cai von Rumohr : Terrific. Great answer. And then, second one. The coronavirus clearly becoming a bigger issue. Have you done any preliminary thinking in terms of what this might mean, i.e. taking a look at 2003 and the SARS virus and was this a benefit to biz jets because people didn't want to travel on public air transport or were not allowed to? Was this a negative? What does it do for Bell? What are your thoughts?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Cai, it's a good question. Look, I've not gone back to 2003 to try to do that. So, I don't know that I  I certainly don't know the answer to that question. In terms of the direct impact of the company, obviously, we do business in China largely in the automotive side. So, of course, automotive volumes have already been down pretty dramatically in the last couple of years. So, weather it has a further impact on that or not is hard to tell. And I think, look, like everyone, we've got to watch and wait to see what happens after they get through the Chinese New Year and does this thing get contained and start to settle down or has it become a bigger problem. So, at this point, I think we're more or less in a watch and wait.
Cai von Rumohr : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question on today's conference is from the line of Carter Copeland of Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Carter Copeland: All right. Good morning, gentlemen. I have figured out how to use the mute button. So, for anybody who's been on A&D calls for years, this isn't my first screw up. So, thanks for having me back. Scott, I wondered if you could give us some color on the board decision around the changes to the incentive compensation plan, the addition of TSR to that and just what we should take from that in terms of what you see as the relative risks and opportunities for the corporation?
Scott Donnelly: Look, Carter, the genesis of that thing is that for many, many years, this company has been on a long term plan that kind of rolled through three years, okay? So, it was a three year plan that had TSR as kind of a wrapper, if you will, around that three-year performance. So, TSR was absolutely a factor. But the goals and objectives were set annually. And that really stems back to just enormous volatility around business jets and can you really put together a three year plan that has any credibility to it. So, the new plan obviously still has TSR. It is a direct factor as opposed to a wrap around. So, it remains a very important part of our performance objectives and, ultimately, our compensation. But we try to put together something that could do a three year forecasted plan rather than a series of one year plans that built that three year plan. So, when we try to do longer term metrics, like things around ROICs and long-term cash, and we just have to adapt and consider a lot of unknown around one of our biggest businesses, is the biz jet business where it's just hard to predict what that end market looks like over a period of three years. So, I think we've come up with a set of metrics that can accommodate some of that volatility and have a more conforming, if you will, three-year plan, of which TSR still remains an important metric.
Carter Copeland: Great. Thanks, Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Eric Salander: Thank you. Kevin. And thank you all. With that, we can end the call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. We do thank you for joining. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-17 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Textron Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. And at this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Vice President at Investor Relations, Mr. Eric Salander. Please go ahead.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Gregg, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention, we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO, and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our Web site. Textron's revenues in the quarter were $3.3 billion, up $59 million from last year's third quarter. Net income in the third quarter was $0.95 per share, compared to $0.61 per share of adjusted net income in the prior year. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions totaled $181 million, compared to $259 million in last year's third quarter. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks Eric, and good morning, everybody. Revenues were up in the quarter primarily driven by Textron Aviation and Industrial. Segment profit margin was up 140 basis points as we continue to see strong execution across our businesses. Bell revenues were up in the quarter largely due to commercial deliveries of our 407 and 429 aircraft. Year-to-date orders of these models are ahead of last year's rate and we look forward to continue higher deliveries of these popular platforms as we continue to ramp production to align with customer demand. In the quarter, our Bell 407 GXI received IFR certification from the FAA. Bell has proposed the new 407 GXI as its entry from the Navy's advance advanced helicopter training systems program where an award decision is expected later this year. Moving to the military side. The Czech Republic announced their intent to acquire our mixed fleet of eight Bill UH-1Y utility and four Bell AH1- Z attack helicopters as part of a total transaction estimated at $620 million. This is one of several foreign military opportunities for the AH-1 platform that we're continuing to pursue.  Within the future vertical lift, we recently unveiled a full-scale model of the new Bell 360 Invictus Rotorcraft, our entrant in the future attack reconnaissance aircraft program at the US Army's AUSA annual meeting. The Bell 360 Invictus combines new technologies validated on our 525 commercial helicopters with unique characteristics to deliver the US Army an affordable, agile and lethal solution to win on the more modern battlefield. At systems revenues were down on lower armored vehicle deliveries at Textron marine land systems. In a quarter Textron systems was among three companies down selected by the US Army to deliver prototypes for the next phase of the next-generation squad weapon program. Also in the quarter, our ship-to-shore connector craft 100 successfully completed builders' trials will now be followed by Navy acceptance trials. Within unmanned, our fee for service product line captured over $50 million of new wins in the quarter for the Aerosonde platform. Earlier this week at AUSA, we unveiled the Ripsaw M5 as Textron systems offered to the US Army's robotic combat vehicle program.  Moving to industrial, revenues were higher primarily reflecting improved pricing at Textron specialized vehicles. Specialized vehicles, we saw continued favorable performance from a cost reduction and manufacturing realignment actions we initiated in the fourth quarter of last year. Also in the quarter, we continue to onboard Bass Pro and Capella stores as well independent track marine dealers and have seen steady retail volume growth through this channel. Moving to Textron aviation, revenues were up from hired jet and aftermarket volumes, partially offset by lower defense volume. In the quarter, we delivered 45 jets, up from 41 last year and 39 commercial turboprops down from 43 last year. Looking at commercial turboprops, we saw a pickup and order activity sequentially as well as compared to the third quarter of last year. In late September, we received FAA certification of the all-new Citation Longitude and began customer deliveries in the first week of October. We're really excited to have this innovative aircraft in the hands of our customers and expect this platform to drive revenue growth and margin expansion in the future. Overall, aviation had a solid quarter with mid-single digit revenue growth.  Coming into the year, we had planned for higher growth in our legacy jet models with commercial turboprops about flat. Year-to-date, legacy jet volume is running ahead of last year with 135 deliveries compared to 125 with commercial turboprops tracking to plan. As it will occur in the remainder of the year and in light of some uncertainty in the marketplace, we're adjusting our outlook for legacy aircraft sales and now expect Q4 deliveries excluding longitude to be about flat with last year. With respect to longitude, we started customer deliveries and expect to continue those through the current quarter. Although, we've seen some deliveries pushing next year to allow for require aircraft modifications related a certification that was granted at the very end of the quarter. We've also experienced some delays in defense order activity and volume compared to original plan, all of which have been reflected in our revised full-year guidance for 2019. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott. And good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $297 million, up $52 million from the third quarter of 2018, with segment profit margin of 9.1%, up 140 basis points from a year ago. Let's review how each of the segments contributed starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues at Textron Aviation of $1.2 billion were up $68 million from last year's third quarter, primarily due to higher jet and aftermarket volumes, partially offset by lower defense volume. Segment profit was $104 million in the third quarter, $5 million from a year ago due to the higher volume and mix and favorable performance, partially offset by higher net inflation. Textron Aviation backlog at the end of the third quarter was $1.9 billion. Bell revenues were $783 million, up $13 million from last year on higher commercial revenues, partially offset by lower military volume. Bell delivered 42 commercial helicopters in the quarter compared to 43 last year. The segment profit of $110 million was down $3 million from a year ago, primarily due to an unfavorable impact from performance which included lower net favorable program adjustments, partially offset by higher volume and mix. Bell backlog at the end of the third quarter was $5.6 billion. Revenues at Textron Systems were $311 million, down $41 million from last year, primarily reflecting lower armored vehicle volume at Textron Marine & Land Systems. Segment profit of $31 million was up $2 million from last year's third quarter. Textron Systems backlog at the end of the third quarter was $1.4 billion. Industrial revenues of $950 increased $20 million from a year ago, largely related to a favorable impact from pricing within the Textron specialized vehicles product line. Segment profit was $46 million from the third quarter of 2018, largely due to favorable performance and a favorable impact from net pricing primarily related to the specialized vehicle product line. Finance segment revenues were down $1 million and profit was up $2 million from last year's third quarter. Moving below segment profit, corporate expenses were $17 million and interest expense was $39 million in the quarter. We also repurchased 2.3 million shares at an overall cost of $109 million. Year-to-date, we have repurchased 9.3 million shares returning $470 million in cash to shareholders. To wrap up with guidance, we are narrowing our expected full-year earnings per share to a range of $3.70 and $3.80. This includes revised tax guidance and an effective rate of 17% for the full year. We are revising our outlook for manufacturing tax flow before pension contributions to a range of $600 million to $700 million largely reflecting higher ending inventories at Textron Aviation. That concludes our prepared remarks. Gregg, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Sheila Kah from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
SheilaKah: Hi. Good morning and thank you for the time. I wanted to talk about how tax and your decision to put out strategic alternatives for the business. You've talked about not selling it for as long as I've known you. Kind of what's changed and what are you thinking about them here?
ScottDonnelly:
FrankConnor: Well, Sheila, I there's obviously we get a fair bit of feedback from investors as to the fit of a tier 1 automotive business in a company that is otherwise kind of an end market product, highly engineered sort of a business. And we've been paying attention to that. We think that we do a pretty good analysis every year to make sure that nothing in portfolio is holding back our stock from some of the per se standpoint. And we've obviously seen a disconnect in that over the last year or so. And given that and the feedback that we get we thought it was appropriate to at least explore what it would look like and what alternatives there might be for Kautex. And so that's why we announced that we were launching that process.
SheilaKah: Got it. Thank you. And then, Frank, on just a free cash flow, working capital has been in hindrance here. Kind of how do we think about that ramp? How much is pushed out given the longitudes and working capital into 2020?
FrankConnor: Yes. Again, we're going to see we think some higher inventory levels at Aviation given kind of the outlook on the legacy models as Scott discussed and a little bit of longitude, the $100 million reflects that working capital growth will liquidate a lot of inventory here in the fourth quarter. But we think some will get pushed into early next year. 
ScottDonnelly: So, Sheila, there's several pieces of that as Frank said, we will have a few longitudes just the mods of the aircraft which are trivial from a technical and production standpoint. But are kind of invasive and we're rolling each aircraft through that based on these last-minute changes, means a few aircraft that we've had in our plan will probably move into next year. They'll still be a bunch of longitude deliveries in the quarter obviously. We have a military customer for whom we built T6s that originally was planned to take delivery this year has asked to take that delivery next year, which again that's fine but it does put some obviously some inventory. And as we've said all year, if we see any softness we're going to align and trade volume versus having to drive price to get there. So with sort of the dynamic we're seeing in the marketplace, we'd rather back off on that number and obviously there's some penalty to us and carrying some of the inventory in the next year. But I'd rather do that than try to push more volume into a market if it's if it shows any signs of softness.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr from Textron. Please go ahead.
CaivonRumohr: Thank you. I didn't know I joined --
ScottDonnelly: Welcome to board, Kai.
CaivonRumohr: Yes. So to follow up on Sheila's question, if you sell Kautex it looks like it's quite dilutive and then if you're going to look at selling that part of industrial wouldn't you also sell the more troubled part specialty vehicle, so ultimately I think the question becomes, Scott, what is Textron going to be in three to five years?
ScottDonnelly: Well, Cai, obviously, we haven't made had any commentary on the vehicle business. As you know, the vehicle business historically for us has been a good business. It had good growth. It generates good margins and cash. I think obviously we went through some issues last year, which we've been working harder to get turned back around. I think it's heading absolutely in the right direction. And in a business that has a lot of potential for us in terms of growth and strong performance. And it is like the rest of our businesses one where product matters, investing and having a better product than the other guy is how you win in the market. And those are the kind of businesses we like.
CaivonRumohr: Got it. Thank you. And then so, Frank, if we look at Industrial, the margins looked like they were weaker than I thought and you keep on talking about the better pricing in specialty vehicles. Was Kautex down significantly?
FrankConnor: No. Kautex was fine. I mean, we -- this is the pricing obviously was relative to the third quarter of last year which was a really tough quarter at GSP. And so we made considerable progress in terms of kind of no longer discounting in the marketplace and having a more appropriate distribution strategy and pricing. Therefore pricing strategy but Kautex perform well, Kautex was kind of flat at the revenue line. And saw better kind of margins year-over-year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
SethSeifman: Thanks very much and good morning. Scott, I just wanted to follow-up on some of the weakness that you mentioned in the business jet end market. I think the commentary made suggest that excluding longitude deliveries will be down about 10 units year-on-year in the fourth quarter. And is there a particular set of models that's affecting more a particular geographical area or customer set that's driving that?
ScottDonnelly: So, Seth, on the fourth quarter we would expect again ex longitude to be fairly flat from 2018. So we're not expecting it to be down but the market knobs you order activity has been obviously there's sort of an implied book-to-bill Bill here about one in Q3. So it's not horrible market, but I mean we do see some softness as we saw sort of in the latter part of Q2. We saw again the latter part of Q3 just uncertainty in the Indian market and some customers who have been in discussions and clearly intend to buy new aircraft, debating do I do it now, do I wait. And again I think we would rather take prudent action and not go out and try to use price to incentivize those transactions to happen. They're going to move in the next year then they move in the next year. But there's no reason after all the work we've done to try to get pricing back to a healthy level that we should compromise that. But, yes, it's-- I think we're talking about a flat market on in terms of legacy deliveries not one that's down. We're up, we're 10 units on non longitude so far year-to-date. So that's where we're comparing right, it's not that we're giving those 10 back. We just expected to be flat on a quarter-over- quarter basis, year-over-year basis, I'm sorry.
SethSeifman: Okay. So year-on-year then you'll be up 10? You're up 10 year-to-date and if you are flat, okay--
ScottDonnelly: Yes. That's right. Now sorry for the confusion. It's not down, it's a flat on a year-over-year basis on a quarter.
SethSeifman: In the fourth quarter?
ScottDonnelly: Correct.
SethSeifman: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then just as a quick follow-up in terms of thinking about Kautex proceeds that come in. There's obviously potential do share buyback. There's also I think about a $1 billion a debt coming due in the next two years. So how do you think about those proceeds in light of the --also in light of whatever target leverage level you have?
ScottDonnelly: Well, look, I think our balance sheet while it's somewhat under levered at this point, we'll have to make a decision at that point how much you think is appropriate on the share buyback. And then obviously some debt retirement would go in line with that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Arment from Baird. Please go ahead.
PeterArment: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, Scott, Frank. Hey, Scott, just to follow up I guess on Seth's question lastly on Kautex. Can you maybe just provide a little color? Is there since you've made the announcement have you seen interest in what historically has been a very good business for you?
ScottDonnelly: Look, I -- we can't give a whole lot of commentary. I mean, obviously, the process is fairly early on. Goldman has been running that process for us. There's been a lot of NDA's. There have been a lot of management meetings with prospective interested folks. But it's fairly early on in that process.
PeterArment: Okay. I appreciate that. And then just quickly on the 360 Invictus unveiling. Maybe you could just give us some commentary what the feedback you've heard already since that announcements come out kind of leveraging 525 and what advantages you think you'll have there?
ScottDonnelly: Sure. Right. I was at AUSA all day on Monday. So we had the opportunity with our teams to interact with a lot of folks from the customer community. I'd say the interest level is pretty high. They're intrigued with what we've done. Obviously, the army has seen this for a while when we submitted our proposals and are under contract is at this point as well as a number of others for the first phase of that program, which is kind of aiming towards a down selecting. And I think probably March of next year to go down to the two that will then go build flyable aircraft.  But I think the positive -- the reaction is very positive. I mean and clearly this is great technology. It's not in some were procreated as well this is older technology, absolutely not. I mean this is-- the way that you get the speed and the agility from this craft leverages a huge investment that we made obviously on the 525 front and scaling that rotor technology and fly-by-wire technology into the Invictus. So their performance numbers meet or exceed the customer's requirements. And we think we can do it very cost-effectively. And as I said, the risk in terms of the entrance of the technology has been validated already with a lot of flying on the 525.  So I think the response was very positive. But what we'll see where this falls out obviously the down select is next March and we're hoping to be one of the two that gets to proceed into the fly out phase.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski from Alembic. Please go ahead.
PeteSkibitski: Yes. Good morning, guys. Scott, I want to ask you just kind of lessons learned from the longitude certification. Anything you guys are taken away from future design or documentation or process efforts that would lead you to think that maybe the next certification effort won't be so painful? And another hand I think about this issue that the FAA is going through with Boeing. Is this going to maybe make things going for more painful for everybody? Just want to get your thoughts on all that.
ScottDonnelly: Well, Pete, I think there's a lot to learn from this both on our part and interactions with the FAA. I think this is a pretty extraordinary case. The reality here is that we had a new process, frankly one that we did not understand very well and which was evolving and sort of changing. And the reality is we had an aircraft that was essentially designed and built for the total scope of the process was understood. And so we ended up having to do a lot of work to conform what we had done which is a very safe, fantastic aircraft to this new process.  And the scope of the changes was not material but they were painful to have to go through and make the mods and the changes and understand this new documentation process. And the analysis and what that drove in most cases didn't actually impact the aircraft, but in several critical cases it did. And so again, the aircraft we end up with today through certification is not wildly different than and fundamentally different than what we had already designed and built. But there were several critical areas that in order to gain the certification work our way through that process required changes that were painful. And so, look, I think as we go forward we now first of all understand that process very well. The aircraft that are in our pipeline I'm going to start with SkyCourier that's next on deck. Obviously, this is a part 23 aircraft not a part 25 aircraft. So the process is much different. Obviously, we've done lot our 23 aircraft in the past. So I think we understand and have been working very close with the FAA in a very collaborative way to make sure that we lay out what is the process and what how do we get from here to there on certification of that aircraft. So I think we're in a much better place in terms of understanding of the process, interaction work with the FAA. And again, this is a part 23 aircraft as it Denali. So it's something that's much more familiar to us and I would certainly expect it to go much smoother than the process that we went through on longitude. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research. Please go ahead,
GeorgeShapiro: Yes. Good morning. Scott, you commented in the release that the net inflation was higher in aviation. What's happened since the last three or four quarters we've been seeing you ahead of that?
ScottDonnelly: Well, what happened, George, is I mean we do have inflation and unfortunately price was pretty flat. But we didn't have price to offset that inflation. And generally speaking we should. And look as part of our looking at the market and the dynamic and saying that we're going to be cautious about the volume side of this thing because we need to be netting price inflation obviously. Now there was a lot of performance in aviation and a lot of good execution that helped to offset some of that disconnect between price and inflation. But we need to be, I mean, I'm not suggesting we are going to continue to get big price increases, but we certainly can't get price up. And we really saw price flattened in the quarter.
GeorgeShapiro: So is that continuing to the fourth quarter or no?
ScottDonnelly: Well, we'll see, right. I mean, I think clearly from a volume standpoint what we're saying we're going to back off a little bit on our plan on volume to continue to maintain and not give up on the price front. Obviously, we got to continue to do work offset inflation.
GeorgeShapiro: And, Scott, you talked about the market weakening some into September. Did it continue into October and where was the strength? Because normally you've said July and August are pretty weak?
ScottDonnelly: So, George, I would say that when you looked at the level of activity with customers has been bumpy. It's been that way through the whole year, right. I mean a turboprop is a great example when you look at for instance Q2 to Q3. Q2 was very light in turboprops and we had a fair number concerns and what should we do on volume and Q3 we had a lot of order activity in turboprops. So it literally is --when you have a market that has uncertainty in it, that's kind of something we did see high-level activities and things softened out a little bit. So it kind of comes and goes. And that's why we'll keep an eye on it as we work through the quarter.
GeorgeShapiro: And then one last one. In industrial, you said that Kautex did quite well, so that would imply to me that special vehicles perform worse than in the second quarter. Is that a correct statement?
ScottDonnelly: Well, George -- 
FrankConnor: No. We -- I mean we don't disclose things at that level, George. But my comment was that Kautex did on a year-over-year basis, Kautex did -- kind of improved margins Q 2018 to 2019.
GeorgeShapiro: Okay. And then let me get one last one. How much was aftermarket after you'd comment release?
ScottDonnelly: In aviation?
GeorgeShapiro: Right.
ScottDonnelly: About 7%.
GeorgeShapiro: Okay. And you've been running kind of flat or down a little bit but that was due to 606 or maybe you've overlapped that. Is that's what's happening?
ScottDonnelly: No. I think on the Aviation side, George, the first half of the year was a little lighter than we expected. It kind of stabilized more in the second quarter. And again we saw the 7% increase in Q3. So again whether there are deferrals, what was going on, but I mean it started out a little bit lighter but obviously it's 7% in Q3 was a pretty strong quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rajeev Lalwani from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
RajeevLalwani: Hi, good morning. Just two relatively quick questions. Scott, can you provide a little more color on your comments into the fourth quarter on the aviation side? Just different parts of the market and how they're doing? Whether it's turboprop or going to the upper end of the business side for you on longitude? So just some broader color there. And the second question is just higher level, Scott, do you think in order to get aviation margins back to where they used to be you simply need a recovery in the end market? Do you think consolidation may be necessary just given how fragmented the overall market is?
ScottDonnelly: Well, so first of all this commentary on the quarter again. I think we've seen this thing moving around a little bit in terms of strengths and weakness and in the end market through the course of the year or should I say the order activity, right? I mean you've see turboprops kind of softened, turboprops are pretty strong. Jet again for a month to month is moving around. I don't think there is a certainly not a collapse in the market, it's just a question of is it a stronger market and can you deliver more volume than you delivered last year. And I think we've been sort of when the non-longitude has been exceeding at from last year a little bit. We think it'll be more flat in Q4. Longitude at the high-end, the demand and the interest in that aircraft continues to be very strong. Obviously, we're in a good position in terms of the units that we have on the book. And we just got to get deliveries rolling as we go through the quarter and in the next year. So I think we feel good about where that aircraft is in terms of its interest in the marketplace. But like you say like I said, we're seeing is kind of flattish at this point. And we've talked to you about the fact that given where the market is mostly legacy probably is kind of flat. I mean that we need to control our own destiny in terms of growth by putting new products out there and longitude obviously is a big example that. SkyCourier behind that, Denali behind that we need to make sure that we're making the right investments to continue to grow our business even in a flattish market. Sometimes the market is going to be better, sometimes it's not going to be better, but we got to manage and whatever that market is. So we're continuing to drive the margin performance of the business. We expect certainly to see dilution associated with these early aircraft, particularly in light of the rework that we're having to put into them. But in terms of learning curves and the productivity in the cost line, I think we're in a good place with that. But we need to get through this rework phase of getting these aircraft modern and getting him into the field. Again, from a technical standpoint it's not a big deal, but it's fairly invasive just in terms of the amount of touch labor that we have to put in to make those mods. So I think margins will continue to track in the right direction. Obviously, volume and a strong end market is only helpful to us. As to is there opportunity for consolidation, look, I think everybody would tell you given the nature of how this market has been for the last decade or so that they're probably still are too many guys and too many products and in some of these crowded spaces. We think we've been performing very well and gaining share in these areas. We continue to invest in the right products. I know if there's consolidation opportunities and we'll see how that plays out over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Strauss from Barclays. Please go ahead.
DavidStrauss: Thanks. Good morning. Scott, following up on that on the longitude. When the longitude got certified we saw a very aggressive quick ramp. You had big backlogs with NetJets there. You had big backlog of NetJets on the longitude. How should we think about that program ramping? And has NetJets firmed up any additional options since the airplane was actually certified?
ScottDonnelly: Longitudes for NetJets as we do with latitudes, we work with NetJets and kind of have sort of a one-year horizon as we looked at what comes in to the order book. So we don't put, as you know, we do not have that big longitude order with NetJets in our backlog until it firms up, which is again roughly, you'd would be looking at about 12-months is the horizon that they do their planning and we work together to move those in to kind of firm backlog. So like they're --the absolute numbers obviously are not going to be as high on a longitude is they were on latitude. That's a smaller piece of the market but I think that the ramp obviously will, we will see a significant ramp here in Q4. And we'll see that continue to ramp through 2020.
DavidStrauss: Okay and from an inventory perspective on longitude. I mean given the airplane was delayed 12 to 18 months or certification was delayed 12 to 18 months. I mean can you give us any sort of sense how much kind of excess inventory or inventory- your extra inventory you're carrying on longitudes given that it's kind of delayed?
ScottDonnelly: Well, I mean wouldn't give you absolute number, David, as long as we said I think as you look at our revision to our cash guidance for the year that is inventory aviation and several aircraft that will have been in our plan with our original guide are going to move into 2020. I mean these are aircraft for which they're sold. This is just a matter of our ability to make these mods and incorporate the mods and get them delivered to a customer. So I think just given the limited amount of time we're going to see several of those move into 2020 that would have originally been in our 2019 plan. So you combine that. You combine a few T6s that were expected to be delivered this year. That drives the bulk of that change to our cash guidance. It is inventory at aviation, but again these are largely aircraft that are sold aircraft or ordered aircraft deposited aircraft that are simply going to turn into deliveries in 2020.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Raviv from Citi. Please go ahead.
JonRaviv: Hey, good morning, guys. So just on biz jets once again. Just last year around this time we talked about tweaking some like you see rates up, sounds like we're tweaking down right now fully understand that. Would it though be fair to expect the legacy jet deliveries to perhaps be down in 2020, if we just run rate 4Q, 2019 or is it still too early to say? And can you improve legacy jet margin if volumes are down?
ScottDonnelly: I would say it's a long way till 2020, right. So I mean we still have NBAA coming up. We got another full two and a half months. So I think again as we said the deliveries we would expect in the quarter would be flat on a year-over-year basis. That's our view of how we finish 2019. It's way too early for us to be guiding what we think 2020 is going to look like. But, obviously, we will be working that over the next few months. And as always adjust our production run rate accordingly.
JonRaviv: Thanks, Scott. And then follow up on the Industrial segment. Can you just give -- I understand you don't guide by segment within industrial, but margins didn't seem to get that pick up in 3Q that perhaps some of us had expected with the restructuring efforts going through. How do you see that industrial segment margin pacing out over the rest of the year into next year?
ScottDonnelly: I think they're pretty in line with what we expected given our year-over-year changes in terms of the inventory levels. And not needing to do the kind of rebating that impacted us in 2018. The discipline around inventory management is on track with what we said we were going to go do. The volume increased, channel development it's going on both in the old Arctic Cat channel as well as the tracker channel is going well. We had a very successful launch of kind of our business model around snow with Snowmageddon. The vast majority of that was delivered obviously in Q3. We built what was pre-ordered. So from our perspective the margins and the performance of the business are in line with what we expected in our plan. So it's not a one-year turnaround to get to where we want to be. There's more improvement coming, absolutely, but I think we're on track that's where we want to be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
RobertSpingarn: Hey, Good morning. I just wanted to ask with the fading of the longitude how we think about margins in aviation in Q4 and beyond? How will that learning curve factor in?
ScottDonnelly: For Q4 the longitudes obviously as we've talked about all along we're going to have a significant dilution to our overall margin rates as those coming to the market. And again, the early units combined with labor that we're putting into to incorporate the modifications again are not material from what is the aircraft, but it's a fairly labor-intensive invasive process are going to cause us dilution. So I think we will certainly see that. In Q4, we've accounted for all that in the guidance that we've put out. And clearly as we go into 2020 you get to where you're now running aircraft, they're just coming through our production lines, productivity, which is good, our cost position which is good. so we'll see those margins become stronger as we work our way into 2020.
RobertSpingarn: Okay and then just separately on the helicopter side. With FARA, I guess coming in the spring what is the trajectory of the military if you're not part of that down select?
ScottDonnelly: Well, there's two big pieces of development, I shouldn't say just two , there -- the Bell military story is more complicated than that, right. I mean I think we continue to sustain the multi-year three rates on non V-22 which is where we are. I think we're seeing a significant uptick in after-market because those fleets both on B-22 and H1 continue to grow. Obviously, FMS is important. We just saw the announcement of being selected in the Czech Republic. There are several additional FMS in case that is out there. I think you've probably seen publicly the Israelis have now requested formally a P&A on the B-22, which is encouraging. Obviously, we've started deliveries on the Navy for their CMV 22s. I think there's potential to see that and that grow over time which is -- which would be very good for the business. So I think we have a pretty good plan in place to sustain where we are on the military side of Bell. The long term, big upside is around FARA and obviously around FARA which is the V-280. And the good news is both those programs seem to be moving out very well with the army. As I said, we already are under contract on FARA. We'll see that down select I think next March. And on the V-280, as you know, the Army has come out and made a pretty significant move to the left in terms of their dates from 2035 to 2030. I think there's potential for that to accelerate further. But at this point they expect to put people under contract again in the early part of next year to do to start their official process. It would be under contract. They're saying it's probably 19- months processed and then award in the MD contract or the selected winner .And I think our V-280 is in a great position, obviously, that's an army decision that's got to be made. But I think we have clear line-of-sight to compete and hopefully win what would be a very large program on the V-285 front. So those are the future obviously and they are terrific programs. But I think we have a pretty good plan in place to sustain that military business in both B-22 and H1 and after market to bridge that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
NoahPoponak: Hey, good morning, everyone. Scott, when you're talking to the team at Cessna or talking to customers directly, is it possible to kind of hone in on what your customer set was enthused about in the world order in their business earlier in the year and what has some concern today? Is it just total broad macro or stock market, if you get a trade deal, does that help your business or folks going to now want to wait till the 2020 election passes to act? Any help you can provide there?
ScottDonnelly: Noah, I think, I don't think it'll be a surprise that when you talk to customers and they look at uncertainty. You got trade deals, you got Brexit. Most of these guys can't feel good watching the political stuff that's going on in DC. I mean it's just, it creates a lot of uncertainty. And look, I think we see this reflected in business confidence numbers, right. In the surveys and we weren't -- we're not economist here, but we read all those numbers as well. And it's understandable that a lot of businesses particularly small midsize guys which is our big part of our customer base are in many cases deferring CapEx and investments in their business via business jets or otherwise just because of uncertainties. And obviously the trade kind of things and the Brexit things and the prospects. I mean I think concern over a administration that's anti businesses is one that makes people pause.
NoahPoponak: Yes. Okay. On the cash flow change, the longitude inventory builds makes total sense, but that the cash flow guidance before today's change, I think would have had the free cash to net income conversion a little bit below 100% and it's kind of been below 100%, five of the last six years or so. And there's been a negative change in working capital. Can you guys help us better understand why that is? Is it percentage of completion accounting somewhere in the business or what's driving that? And do you get to that -- do you get to a better conversion rate going forward?
ScottDonnelly: So, look, we talked about a number of additional issues. Obviously, the build that we've had it at Aviation around the longitude coming in clearly has been a drag. We've had a similar situation with 525 going on in Bell. Yes for sure there has been change on the military side from a cash flow -- from performance base to the 606 and how you roll the cash versus the cost kind of revenue recognition. So those things are all contributors. I don't know, I'm not probably prepared to go back into a five-year look at it but -- 
FrankConnor: Yes. I mean certainly not analyzing all five years as Scott said. But most recently particularly this year in addition to the aviation stuff that we're talking about, we've highlighted kind of what's going on at Bell, which is a significant difference from a cash timing standpoint in revenue and profit recognition relative to cash where we were kind of ahead on cash, if you will. And now we're reverting to being more in line as we close out multi year or two. So that's been the kind of the big drag in terms of conversion this year away from the aviation inventory issue.
NoahPoponak: Should we -- what kind of drag or lack thereof from that accounting perspective should we expect in 2020-2021?
ScottDonnelly: That will have washed itself out as we close out multiyear two here, so you shouldn't expect that.
NoahPoponak: Got it and then if I could just sneak one more in on Ripsaw that you displayed at AUSA for RCB, I was curious if you could talk about your decision to partner with FLIR? And to have the new unmanned offerings that they've recently acquired as part of that vehicle?
ScottDonnelly: I'm not sure I would go into a whole lot more detail than what we've talked about at the show. And what we have on display. Obviously, FLIR, I think when you look at the --obviously, we acquired Howe & Howe because we felt they had some fabulous technology in terms of the vehicle, which I think shows itself in both SMET and now the RCB programs. FLIR has been a terrific partner in terms of bringing their technology to that platform. Obviously, the technology that we've brought really which has its roots in our Hunt Valley and then aircraft business. The intersection of that stuff is really I think brought out a terrific vehicle with a great sensor partner in FLIR and obviously our organic technology around the control capability. So I don't know that I would go into much more than that. I think it's been really well received. It's a spectacular vehicle and obviously one that we're looking forward to competing for some of these future army programs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronald Epstein from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead .
CaitlinDullanty: Hi. Guys. This is Caitlin Dullanty on for Ron. Textron Systems was down 12% year-over-year this quarter and you mentioned that Aviation saw weaker military volumes. Can you expand on what areas and programs will provide growth in defense for you guys in a short to mid term? Did anything new come from AUSA this week?
ScottDonnelly: Well on the system side, obviously, we're sort of the year-over-year change is the end of the TAPV program and the ANA programs which are all vehicle programs. In terms of the rest of that business look like it's in pretty good shape. Obviously, as we go into 2020 and beyond now the big change in the marine and land systems business is ship-to-shore connector moving from a developmental program into a production program. We're in detailed negotiations with a customer at this point on the FY 2017, 2018, 2019 as I said, we've passed our builder files. We're getting ready to go through the Navy acceptance trials. By the way earlier this week, we flew craft 101 which is the second one. It did its first time on the water and ran flawlessly for over six hours and accomplished an awful lot out of the test card. So in terms of the, I think we feel very good about that program which has been a challenging developmental program transitioning now into the balance of those units. And obviously in the production contracts. So that is a big turnaround for the business as we go into 2020. On the defense side at Aviation, again T-6 has been, that's -- it's mostly foreign military sales. These things always take time. Again, we -- it's a little bit problematic this year that we had a delay in the light attack program. Obviously, something at this time a year ago was going to start early in 2019. We're still being assured by the customer this program is going to happen. Obviously from budgeting and funding standpoint in Congress, it's fully supported. So we expect and are being told this is now going to be a 2020 activity. That sort of deferred that from 2019 into 2020 versus our plan. And again we have a customer that was already on the books, but just for budget reasons whatever that moved into 2020. So there's a lot of -- there's not one big program in aviation. These are tending to be a number of smaller FMS driven programs. You saw we just were notified to Congress on Tunisia, which again is a nice T-6 program, but one that will -- in all likelihood probably have deliveries in 2021, but which would starting to production next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
RobertStallard: Thanks so much. Good morning. Scott, on the Biz jet front, and I'm not sure you get on to this but you never go. What are you seeing from the competition? Are they matching what you're doing in terms of discipline on price and volume? Or is that making your life more difficult?
ScottDonnelly: Well, Rob, I'd say, well, Rob, as always say it makes our life more difficult, but like this is every deal is a competitive deal. And I think again our share is based on the products we're put in front of customers. We absolutely as we look at things like longitude feel like we've got a better product in the market than our competitors do. We get great feedback from customers that look at the aircraft. They fly the aircraft to take demos in the aircraft. And I think we see those convert to sales. And I do believe that today we see a premium on the pricing on that because it's a better aircraft/
RobertStallard: Are you seeing similar sort of dynamics on some of your older models as well?
ScottDonnelly: Yes. I mean but I don't know that it's very different than it's been for the last few years, Robert. It's -- I mean be it competition M2s and CJ's and XLS and Embraer, obviously, it's-- I don't think there's a big difference in the dynamic that we're seeing in most of that -- most of those segments of the market which again we've been driving prices over the last couple years successfully. And I think we want to make sure that we continue to do that.
RobertStallard: Okay. And then secondly on Kautex, and what could happen there historically been very reluctant to make any disposals, if they are diluted to earning. So is it pretty big change here? Are there any other parts of the portfolio where you think there is this disconnects between what's reflected in the share price and what people think of the business is? 
ScottDonnelly: I don't think so.
RobertStallard: So this is a one-off thing, Kautex?
ScottDonnelly: No, look, Robert, as we said it's -- it is arguably a different business model, right, at Tier 1 automotive is different than engineering and manufacturing and selling and servicing in products. And that's the difference in that model. It's a good business. It's been a successful business for us. But it's one that warranted at least understanding what options there might be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland from Melius Research. Please go ahead.
CarterCopeland: Hey, guys. Thanks. Just a couple of quick clarifications. One, Scott with respect to the longitudes and rework roughly how many aircraft we talk about here? Is it a handful? Less than that, slightly more than that. And then, Frank, just I wondered if you could give us some insight in what the --if there was a favorable net EAC impact in systems? Thanks.
ScottDonnelly: Carter, I don't -- we don't go into specific unit numbers. We haven't forecast specific number of deliveries. So I'm not sure to go into that number. Obviously, it's a finite number. The aircraft had been produced and we'll get this behind us here in the quarter. So it shouldn't. obviously will not extend beyond that.
FrankConnor: Yes and in terms of the EAC, as you know, we don't break that out by segments. There was for the total companies the net program adjustments was $21 million in the quarter. But we don't break that out between where that resides.
CarterCopeland: Okay and just maybe to get out in another way, Scott, just to try to bound that the outcome here were-- was it a limited finite number of aircrafts in construction that had to go back to rework or was it all of them pre cert?
ScottDonnelly: I mean it's all of them, right. I mean you have to bring them all up to the same configuration. So all of the aircraft are going through the same process in terms of the mods. And these mods, by the way, Carter, as I said, it's wiring for some changes. So hey guys we got to go through multiple channels or different connectors. It's not a big deal. But it is kind of invasive right to get at that.
CarterCopeland: Yes. Its' a lot of work. 
ScottDonnelly: And so it's --you wouldn't see any difference in the aircraft. There's no performance difference in the aircraft. Their customer, there's no change to the aircraft. It's largely to do with some of these redundancies and things that we just had to make these really technically minor modifications. But there --they are in basic, but again yes you'll have that behind.
CarterCopeland: It's well understood work scope, it's just tedious.
ScottDonnelly: It's tedious.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Strauss from Barclays. Please go ahead.
DavidStrauss: Thanks. Thanks for taking the follow up. So you talked a little bit about this on B-22. Can you talk to us exactly when you're going to be through all the way through multiyear II and completely onto multi year III? And how is that transition going and how do you feel about the Bell margin profile as you get close to being pulling on multiyear III?
ScottDonnelly: Well, I think the last delivery is probably in the late Q1 or in the beginning of Q2 next year. And I remember under the accounting that most of the revenue is complete. So from a margin standpoint, no, look I think the margin and the productivity we continue to drive a multiyear III is -- it's going to take a little time to get to multiyear II. Obviously, the big difference which again we've seen a lot of this year is that the program adjustments are lower than they were a year ago because of the reaching in a multiyear II and the reductions in management reserve and so forth so.  But most of that we're seeing as we go from 2018 into 2019 but there'll be some further into 2020. I'm not sure I can give you a lot more on, nothing we want to get in a margin rates pipe specific contract at this point. But like all multiyear, you had some pretty good productivity and efficiency and we're working on that now as we've started to roll the multiyear III aircraft. I mean a lot of that revenue this year is multiyear III aircraft because it's on the cost to cost basis. 
DavidStrauss: Right, okay. And, Frank, with interest rates down a fair amount year-over-year at least based on where we are today, any thoughts on pension for next year? I think you're booking pension income currently and contribution. And then also on corporate, corporate and the tax rate burning I think a fair amount lower than what you originally projected. Are those kinds of numbers carrying through in the 2020?
FrankConnor: So on the pension, obviously, kind of we'll see how things ultimately play out from a rate standpoint kind of 50 basis points of discount rate is about $31 million. About pension expense, that's disclosed in our 10-k and so well we haven't kind of obviously run those all those numbers yet as we looked at corporate. Kind of for this year we're probably maybe 10-ish million below our original guide of 140, we're probably looking at 130 that obviously depends on share prices that impacts corporate expense. I wouldn't expect any kind of significant change to those types of ranges as we look at next year. But we haven't gone through all those budgeting exercises yet.
DavidStrauss: And tax rate for next year?
FrankConnor: Tax rate kind of we've had some discrete items this year that got us to 17. We're probably in the 20-ish percent type area, we will continue to have some items as we kind of look forward that are a slight benefit to rate versus kind of a lower 20s area that we had talked about. So maybe 20-ish percent type area.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
GeorgeShapiro: Yes. Just a couple of quick ones. Frank, earlier in the year you said that systems revenues for the year would be about $1.4 billion, certainly doesn't look like we're going to get there. What's kind of a new number for the year?
FrankConnor: We're running around to that level maybe a little slightly less than that level, but not a significant change from that level. Systems, it's going to do better on a margin standpoint and kind of maybe just a little short of that $1.4 billion from a revenue standpoint, but it's in that area.
ScottDonnelly: The revenues should be very close to what we thought, George, and the performance in the business has been very good from a margin standpoint. So I think it'll actually exceed our guidance on --for sure it will exceed our guidance on an upside and should be pretty much in line of the revenue side.
GeorgeShapiro: Does that imply a big jump to like $470 million or so in the fourth quarter? And what's going to drive that from what was like $311 million this quarter?
ScottDonnelly: I don't know, George. I never heard that. I mean your numbers are roughly, right. It's probably going to be north of 400 to do the math, but it's-- I mean we're not going to get into program by program deliveries, but that's what's in our plan and our latest forecast. As Frank said, it's probably going to be a little wider than 1.4 but not dramatically and the margin end performance is very strong. And I think we continue to feel very good about opportunities and the wins on new programs and selections are obviously more to come, but I think we're in a pretty good place.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Raviv from Citi. Please go ahead. 
JonRaviv: Hey, thanks. On the longitude, I think for waiting for the certification for a while. What does certification and entering the service mean for actually selling the plane? Can you talk a little bit about your backlog and pipeline, whether it's fractional versus individual versus corporate? And does the pricing in that backlog support the margin plan?
ScottDonnelly: Look, as I don't -- I mean we're not going -- I don't think we're going to go into dissecting the backlog. I think we have a good backlog on longitude. It's -- it has certainly some fractional with NetJets who's a great partner. We expect to see a lot of success of that platform much as we saw with latitude in that class, but also we have a lot of retail customers as we said all along is are lined up for the aircraft as well. So the pricing has been where we expected it to be, the costs are where we expect it to be. Again, we have this issue of getting through the already built aircraft and making the mods which is a problem, but yes we'll just as we finally got sort of behind us we'll get that activities behind us here in the fourth quarter. And I think we have a great outlook on both the success of the product and the profitability of the product going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr from Cowen. Please go ahead. 
CaivonRumohr: Just a quick follow-up. So obviously with interest rates down close to a 100 bps you're talking $50 million -$60 million non cash headwind. Any thoughts about switching to mark-to-market?
ScottDonnelly: I don't know if we had comment on that yet, Cai. I mean certainly we've seen some other companies do that and it's something our team will look at just as I'm sure many companies are. Right, your math is probably about, right. I'm sure you're. End of Q&A
Eric Salander: Okay. Gregg. I think that does it for the call. And if there are any follow-up questions, I can be reached today, tomorrow, next week, so that's it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-17 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Textron Second Quarter Earnings Call. And at this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Vice President, Investor Relations, Eric Salander. Please go ahead, sir.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention, we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO, and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our Web site. Textron's revenues in the quarter were $3.2 billion, down $500 million from last year's second quarter. While net income was $0.93 per share, up from $0.87 per share last year. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions totaled $102 million compared to $399 million in last year's second quarter. With that, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric, and good morning, everybody. Q2 was a solid quarter for Textron as we continue our focus on operational improvements across the company. Segment profit margin was up 120 basis points as we continue to see strong execution across our businesses, driven by higher margins at Aviation and Industrial. At Bell revenues were down in the quarter, largely due to lower military volume as we transition to lower production quantities on our military programs. On the commercial side, we delivered 53 helicopters, down from 57 last year. Despite the lower commercial deliveries in the quarter, we expect to see a ramp in deliveries in the second half of the year, supported by continued strong order activity and increased production rates. In the quarter, Japan's National Police Agency placed the first order for the Bell 412epx, the newest upgrade of the 412 series. This aircraft has been co-developed between Bell and Subaru Corporation for the new utility helicopter program under Japan's Ministry of Defense and we expect this program to support the 412 program well into the future. Within Future Vertical Lift, we continue with the flight testing and demonstration activities of our Valor V-280. We have now demonstrated Army level one handling qualities successfully proving the aircraft's maneuverability in pitch, roll and yaw. This represents the highest performance standards for agility, which is critical to the Army mission. We're also encouraged by the Army's recent actions regarding the potential acceleration of the future long-range assault aircraft program. These actions include an industry days schedule at the end of this month that should allow potential contractors to gain more insight into the Army's acquisition approach, propose alternate procurement path through other transaction authority mechanism to be awarded in February. And identification of an engineering manufacturing development program or a middle tier acquisition award date estimated to be occurred 19 months following the OTA award. Also within FVL, Bell was among five defense contractors down selected by the US Army to progress through the next phase of the Future Attack Reconnaissance Aircraft program. We're pleased the Army recognized our competitive offering, which will utilize advanced rotor technology and fly-by-wire flight control capabilities validated in our Bell 525 program to create an innovative aircraft that is well suited for the far mission. At systems, revenues were down, largely due to lower volume at TRU Simulation Training and Unmanned Systems. During the second quarter, our TRU Training business formed a new company with FlightSafety International, called FlightSafety Textron Aviation Training. Newly formed company, which is 30% owned by Textron provides training services through Textron Aviation's broad product line of general aviation aircraft. We expect the combination of the strengths and resources of these businesses will further enhance the training and services available to our customers, while increasing efficiency and ensuring the extension of our high-quality training programs, new Textron Aviation aircraft. Also in the quarter Textron Airborne Solutions announces its ATAC Subsidiary, received a one-year, $56 million contract modification to provide high subsonic and supersonic aircraft services to the US Navy, extending our current contract through 2020. Within unmanned systems, our fee for service product line captured over $90 million of new wins in the quarter for the Aerosonde program. Moving to Industrial, revenues were lower, primarily reflecting the impact of the disposition of the Tools and Test product line in last year's third quarter. In Specialized Vehicles, we saw continued favorable performance resulting from the cost reduction and manufacturing realignment actions that we initiated in the fourth quarter of last year. Also in the quarter, we continue our on-boarding Bass Pro and Cabela stores, as well as independent Tracker Marine dealers and we're seeing momentum build in this new retail channel. Our ground support business received multiyear contraction from both American and United Airlines for our equipment across our TUG, Safeaero and Douglas brands to service their operations worldwide. Moving to Textron Aviation, revenue was down, largely due to lower volume on our commercial turboprop and defense product lines. In the quarter, we delivered 46 jets, down from 48 last year and 34 commercial turboprops down from 47 last year's second quarter. Beginning in late May, we experienced lower order activity across our product lines, largely attributable to the uncertainties around tariffs and concerns about economic growth, which cause disruptions in both our domestic and foreign markets. Since then, we believe these uncertainties have largely diminished as we've seen the Mexico tariff issue resolve, stronger economic indicators and a fed bias towards further interest rate cuts, which have improved customer outlook. Our view going into the third quarter remains positive, and we expect deliveries and order to ramp throughout the second half of the year, driving revenue growth in Aviation. Moving to longitude, we continue to make good progress on the certification efforts, while this has been a much larger test than originally anticipated, the documentation flow and review with FAA continues and we expect type certification deliveries of the aircraft in the third quarter. Continuing with Hemisphere, we determine that the engine has not yet demonstrated the performance required for the aircraft design and we have put the program on hold. Any decision to revisit the program in the future would depend on the state of the market, proven engine performance and a competitive landscape at that time. Our engineering focus remains on the certification of Longitude, in addition to the SkyCourier and Denali programs where we expect to complete first flights later this year. In summary, we continue to feel good about execution across our businesses and we're well positioned for second half revenue growth from increased deliveries at Aviation driven by the Longitude entry into service, as well as higher commercial deliveries at Bell. We expect these developments to drive strong earnings and cash generation throughout the balance of the year. With that, I will turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott. Good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $339 million, down $7 million from the second quarter of 2018. With segment profit margin of 10.5%, up 120 basis points from a year ago. Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues at Textron Aviation of $1.1 billion were down $153 million from last year's second quarter, primarily due to lower commercial turboprop and defense volume and mix. Textron Aviation delivered 46 jets, down from 48 last year and 34 commercial turboprops down from 47 last year. Segment profit was $105 million in the second quarter, up $1 million from a year ago, as favorable performance was offset by the lower volume and mix. Textron Aviation backlog at the end of the second quarter was $1.9 billion. Revenues at Bell of $771 million were down 7% from last year, primarily on lower military volume. Bell delivered 53 commercial helicopters in the quarter, down from 57 last year. Segment profit of $103 million was down $14 million, primarily due to lower military volume. Bell backlog at the end of the second quarter was $6 billion. Revenues at Textron Systems were $308 million, down from $380 million last year, primarily reflecting lower volume at TRU Simulation and Training and Unmanned Systems. Segment profit was up $9 million from last year's second quarter, primarily due an $11 million impact from performance, reflecting an $18 million gain related to the formation of our new training business with Flightsafety International. Moving forward, we will continue to record our portion of the operating profit from the new training business. Textron Systems backlog at the end of the second quarter was $1.4 billion. Industrial revenues of $1 billion decreased $213 million, largely related to the impact from the disposition of our Tools and Test product line and lower volume. Segment profit was down $4 million from the second quarter of 2018, largely due to the impact from the product line disposition and lower volume, partially offset by favorable performance, primarily related to the Specialized Vehicles product line. Finance segment revenues were down $1 million and profit was up $1 million from last year's second quarter. Moving below segment profit, corporate expenses were $24 million and interest expense was $36 million. We also repurchased 3.1 million shares at an overall cost of $159 million. Through the first six months of the year we've repurchased 7 million shares, returning $361 million in cash to shareholders. To wrap up with guidance, we are raising our expected full-year earnings per share from continuing operations to a range of $3.65 to $3.85 per share, up $0.10 from our prior outlook . We are reiterating our outlook for cash flow from continuing operations of the manufacturing group before pension contributions of $700 million to $800 million. That concludes our prepared remarks. So, Kevin, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] First question is from the line of David Strauss. Please go ahead. Barclays.
David Strauss: Good morning. I guess, first clarification, can you just tell us how much the gain was on the systems side for the training JV?
Frank Connor: It was $18 million, Dave.
David Strauss: And then, Scott, could you maybe talk about the potential for your 737 MAX Stimulator business. How many you've built there? What's your ability to ramp that up, given the potential training needs on the back of what's going on with MAX?
Scott Donnelly: So Dave, I can't give you a whole lot of detail on it. I mean, obviously, we've been delivering MAX since Boeing and several 737 MAX customers. I think a lot of that will depend on how all those plays out in terms of the recommendations or requirements that FAA and they also put on airlines around the need for SIM training. It looks at this point to us like it's probably going to be a requirement that allows them to get back and flying in the transition course and then would mandate actual MaxSim training later on. So we've certainly had quite a number of inquiries from customers who are interested in going ahead and getting MaxSims on order. We started to do some long lead ordering already for to support those deliveries next year, but I couldn't give you a firmed up number yet. I think we're still working on that and working with Boeing to understand their strategy on a go forward basis as well. But we really have to kind of wait and, I think, see where the FAA also end up in terms of what their training mandates are.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Carter Copeland, Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Carter Copeland: Scott, I wondered if you could just kind of expand a little bit on the rationale that's been made here with the company you set up with FlightSafety and just what that should tell us about the -- what applications are for your -- what you've been trying to create organically there? How much does this change the growth expectation that you have for those efforts? And are you trying to expand that much more rapidly and trading some of the profit as a result to try to get more scale there? Just kind of give us some detail on the rationale and then what you're trying to accomplish with that?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Carter. So, as you know, we decided to get into that training business several years ago, we felt that was a very important part of sort of the service aftermarket element of our business and we weren't really participating in that. We had a lot of feedback from customers that they would be interested in us participate in that space. And so, as you know, we made a couple of fairly small acquisitions. Obviously, over the last few years, we've invested a fair bit in both IRAD and R&D, as well as CapEx to start to build out that training capability. The business is going very well, great customer feedback. I think the training materials and the techniques that we were deploying were working. The challenge was that, the time frame of how long that would take to build out the number of training centers and number of locations, it was a fairly daunting task and was going to take quite some period of time to do that. We happen to engage in discussions with Flightsafety, whom we had relationship for many years, obviously, in the training side. And so, look, we ought to link together, let's take the technology and a lot of the Tools and the capability that we developed organically and put these businesses together in a joint venture, and basically what that's allowing us to do is, take what we think were the advantages of that business and the positive feedback we are getting from customers and expand it much more rapidly. So this now has the ability to much more quickly accelerate the returns for us, and I think for the customers it sort of taking the best of whole worlds. The combination of what we would invest in organically and the significant footprint that Flightsafety has around the world, so that we could touch more customers in a time frame. It was much shorter than doing this just going training center by training center in terms of us putting more and more capital out there and Flightsafety already have the capital out there. So, as we said, the gain is a function of having invested in that business and having put those assets in the joint venture. You got to look at sort of reevaluating those assets and, obviously, we created a very valuable business. And so that's a good thing. I think more importantly, what we will see going forward is the earnings as a result of our share of that joint venture, which is going to grow much faster than we had, we stayed just on a pure organic path. And you'll see those earnings come through systems as we go forward.
Carter Copeland: Just in general terms, do you expect the growth to be 50% more or 2X or what -- just any color around how you can help what your expectation is or how much you've accelerated that as a result?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I don't -- we don't break out the numbers and that level of detail, Carter. But I'd say, it's significantly faster in terms of the rate of return. What we would have had if we had played this out on a purely organic basis. Let's say, the difference to having build up that capital infrastructure versus leveraging what Flightsafety already had on the ground, that becomes more of a technology play than a CapEx play.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu, Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Scott, just a big picture question, organically your sales were down 10% in the quarter. You've been focused on new products to gain share by fleet so in relatively tough end markets. How do you kind of think about the levers from here, just given your decision on the Hemisphere as well?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Sheila. I think the for us in the quarter really in the first half of the year, the big impacts that will change how the second half plays out here is one around Bell commercial. And we talked last year when you were seeing strong demand on the commercial side, we indicated that we need to turn up our production rates to meet that demand. That takes a little bit longer for the -- from the time you make that decision till the time you have aircraft that are coming off the line. So when we increase the production rates on aircraft like the 407 and the 429s. We didn't have those aircraft available coming off the line until right about now. So I think we'll see a significant impact in increases on the third and the fourth quarter. The demand is there, the orders are there, it's been a matter of getting the production up and delivering at a higher rate and that's where we are now. So you'll see the benefits of that here in the third and fourth quarter. They are already supported by orders that we have, we just needed to meet the demand in terms of the production side. On the Aviation side, obviously, Longitude getting into service. That was a huge part of our growth story on Aviation for the year, and we expect that clearly will be the second half impact here. We continue, frankly, to see good demand on the historical aircraft. Latitudes continue to sell very strongly, we -- again demand a Longitude side is very good, I think across the whole portfolio. Clearly, we had a very strong first quarter. For second quarter, we felt pretty good, things did get a little bit shaken up there right toward the end. And -- but they're mostly customers who would say, look, I want to wait for the markets to settle out, and I'm going to defer this in the second half. So I think our view at the business jet market is still very healthy. And so I think between that and the Longitude coming into service, we will see strong growth in the second half.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you. And then, Frank, one for you on working capital. It's been a steep usage in the first half, I think primarily due to inventory. How do you think about that reversing and any potential risks in it?
Frank Connor: Yeah. Sheila, as Scott said with that growth in the second half, we expect to kind of, obviously, sell off and liquidate that inventory that the bulk of that build is at Aviation. It's kind of certainly impacted by the Longitude moving into the second half of the year, but it's also kind of Bell Commercial and other volume that Scott indicated. We are looking to have come through in the second half of the year and feel good about where we're positioned to do that.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Peter Arment, Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter Arment: Scott, could you just give us a little more color on how things are going in terms of within the Industrial segment, particularly, I guess, specialized vehicles. Format seem to be a little better than I think a lot of us were expecting. What's -- how is the Bass Pro kind of rollout going? Just maybe some color there.
Scott Donnelly: No, there's a couple of things there, Peter. First of all, obviously, from an operational performance standpoint, the business is doing much better. Historical businesses where we've had a very strong position and good performance for a long time in golf and ground support equipment and areas like that. Our sales performance is back where it should be, guys are doing very well, the markets are healthy, and again, the teams operational execution is quite strong in the off-road world, we're down in revenue, that's quite conscious, right? We're working very, very hard to make sure that we do a much better job in terms of how we manage those retail channels. Snow is a good example, the position that we took this year as we said, guys, we're only going to pre-sell. When you look at the North American market, which is obviously the vast majority of the market in the snow world, we went out with our program. And so guys were only going to build what we've already sold. So we went around and have deposits from customers, this product line is basically sold out. And so we'll be here through the whole third quarter manufacturing all those units and shipping them out, but unlike in previous years where we'll be putting a lot of inventory out into the field and dependent on how that sold through, and then getting into rebating if it's not selling through. We said, we're just not going to do that. So we're going to do only a presale and that was frankly a very successful program. We saw very strong demand across the product line, but were pre-sold. So on the dirt side, obviously, that's a longer and sort of a little bit of a different selling season as you go through there. But again, we're being very, very cautious about how we manage that channel, how much inventory we allowed to be out into that channel, we did awful lot of hard work on looking at individual dealers and making sure that we have relationships where that relationship is a profitable relationship for both us and the dealer. And as a result, we've dramatically reduced the number of deals that we had out there. Because when we went back and looked at some of them by the time you get through the rebating, it's not a profitable relationship. And so, we've taken the pains of terminating relationships with the vast majority of those folks. Specifically on the Tracker front, obviously, the Bass Pro, Cabela and their independent Marine dealers is terrific channel, extraordinarily well run, very, I would say, delivered around what it does in terms of inventory. So in terms of how they manage is quite consistent with how we want to manage the business going forward. So we've been seeing a lot of activity and load-ins across both stores and independent dealers here over the last six months, that obviously will continue through the balance of the year. We like the trajectory, the momentum is building. So I think when you look year-over-year, Peter, we're much happier with where that business is, both in terms of its -- how it operates every day, how it thinks about managing some of those channels. Some of the issues we had last year would be late with some of the new products. Obviously, that's -- those products did get the market and I think we have a great product lineup. We just have to be a very measured about how we manage the channels and how much inventory we allow to be out there to reduce risk and make sure that we have a good profitable business.
Peter Arment: Appreciate that. And just a quick one on. Scott, did you see any change in business jet pricing, just given the softness in end market a little bit that you saw in May or price is still holding?
Scott Donnelly: No, Peter, we're still seeing pricing holding. You know, there's always a crazy deal or two and we choose not to participate in those, right? So I think we make a great product, it's fairly priced, got a great service network behind it and there is no reason for us to chase a crazy price deal here and there. So we're maintaining that discipline. And as we've said all along, we will trade volume rather than damaging the price in the industry. So I think that's -- I think the pricing is in a place where it should be, right? And we're going to hold the line and like you'll see here in the quarter, we had price net of inflation up a little bit, which is healthy for the business and that's what we need to continue to do.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of George Shapiro of Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Scott, the implied orders in the quarter were pretty weak. And obviously, the book-to-bill was less than one. Given that you see things picking back up in third quarter here, is it natural to expect the book-to-bill over one in the third quarter recovering from the second quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Well, George, I would hope that that's the case. I mean, clearly, we had a very strong first quarter on the book-to-bill front. We're still have our backlog numbers net through the first half, above where it was coming into the year. So I think we're not overly concerned by this. As I said, things did slow down in June, given some of the gyrations in the market and talks around tariffs and things like that. But I think most of the discussions that we've had with customers, particularly in the U.S. were, some things would pushed into the second half and those dialogs continue with customers. So I think we're still in a pretty good -- in a pretty good place with that respect. We were light on the turboprops, particularly in the international market. And as you know, George, that's a little bit lumpy. We've seen this before where it kind of goes in fits and starts. So that's a little bit harder market to predict. It generally affects more the turboprops than it does the jet side of the business, but we'll see how it plays out. But certainly my expectations would be that, we would continue to see good order flow through the balance of the year.
George Shapiro: And Frank, one for you, just Aviation aftermarket, how does that compare to last year?
Frank Connor: It was fine, it was down just a touch, but continues to kind of be solid for us.
George Shapiro: And the reason it's down a touch as opposed to up a little bit, any color on that?
Frank Connor: No, nothing significant kind of we've seen some variation in volume in the shops from time to time where we are looking at solid or a strong second half performance there. And kind of continue to be feel good about how we're executing it.
Operator: And next we have Robert Stallard, Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Scott, on the BizJet side of things, a couple of your competitors have launched some new products so far this year. And I was wondering if you could comment on whether this could impact your market share, going forward?
Scott Donnelly: Really nobody, Robert, right in our warehouse. I mean if you look at the -- I mean, earlier in the year, obviously announced Praetor. I think that's largely those product lines from that particular competitor have been up against the Latitude and, obviously, on Longitude. I think our products are outstanding performers and we continue to see strong demand on the Latitude front. And look, I think Longitude is in a very good position. I wouldn't expect to see a lot more activity to get through the certification. I mean, there is plenty of customers that are in the process and many of whom I think are just waiting for cert to be done. So, I think from a performance standpoint, we continue to get fabulous feedback from everybody that demo, flies that aircraft. So I think it's a competitive marketplace, I think it's always been one and it will continue to be a competitive marketplace, but I think we're -- we stack up quite well with that. So every transaction has got competitive nature to it, but I think we're winning our fair share and feel pretty good about where we stand.
Robert Stallard: And then maybe one for Frank. You only changed your guidance as being up EPS by $0.10. I was wondering if you could comment on whether you see at the halfway point of the year any changes to the divisional split for the full year?
Frank Connor: No, it's largely intact. I'd say that, obviously, we've seen good performance out of Bell so far this year. So kind of reflected in that $0.10 is kind of continuing solid performance on the Bell, that probably kind of give some a little bit of upside to our original margin guidance there. And then, systems has done a nice job as well in kind of executing through the first half. So, kind of -- those are the two places where we're seeing some better performance that are contributing to the $0.10.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Cai von Rumohr, Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes. Thanks so much. So, yes, you mentioned Bell doing particularly well, how much of the strong profit in the second quarter reflected favorable EACs on Z22 multiyear two and kind of as we go into next year, are we still looking at 10 to 12 or can it be better?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Cai, I'd say that we always -- I mean, every quarter we have our EAC process and there is always some performance in there. It's certainly less than it was last year. So from a comparable place and then we kind of talked about this. Right? I mean, we've kind of been winding down the multiyear two revenues and ramping up the multiyear three revenues and that is certainly at a lower margin. And again, a lot of the performance and sort of reserves that you keep around multiyear two have largely played through. So on a year-over-year basis, the EACs or the gain associated that are down, but there is still there and I would expect that'll always be there. I mean, we always try to continue to drive productivity and performance improvement and we recognize that we each time we go through an EAC. There is always some puts and takes. But I think the team executes quite well. But anyway, I would say, along the lines of how they're performing, there continue to be strong performance. So even though the EAC numbers might be lower gains in the quarter, we're reflecting it solid operating profit across whole business and I think we'll continue to see that. Next year I would say, look, we've had sort of that 10 to 12 guide out there for some time on Bell. They certainly have been overdriving that here as we worked our way through multiyear two. I wouldn't change my perspective, that's a business that's well run, and we will continue to sit in that 10% to 12% range. There's a fair bit of R&D, as you know, going on, 525 has been a big part of that, V-280 has been a very large part of that. What we will be transitioning into these cape set one and cape set three OTA programs and those cost share associated with those. Our R&D spending needs to stay at a pretty high level to support what we think are some really significant opportunities for the future of Bell. So I think that 10 to 12 range is still how you all think about it.
Cai von Rumohr: Thank you very much. And then, Frank, so you're -- maybe give us some numbers on where the net price increase at Aviation was. It narrowed a bit in the first quarter. So where was it in the second? And also, given that you have yet to certify the Longitude, is your full year delivery target fully intact or does it -- should we be looking at a slightly smaller number this year?
Frank Connor: Yeah. So on the price side, Cai, our gross price was $13 million for the quarter and net price was $3 million. So a continued good performance on that front. And, no, I mean, we continue to be positioned to deliver on Longitude once we achieved certification and kind of we feel that we're in the right place to meet the commitments that we have for that. And we, obviously, haven't adjusted the Aviation number kind of in anyway.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Seth Seifman, JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much, and good morning. Just a follow-up there on Aviation, I guess the projection you've given for the segment is for about $550 million of earnings for the year. It implies a pretty big second half and I think given the Longitude deliveries, that kind of -- we can understand why the second half would be bigger and second half is seasonally usually bigger anyway, but even bigger this time. And so, can you walk us through, I mean, do you expect a significant increase in the earnings for Aviation in the third quarter, or does it kind of all come in the fourth quarter with the Longitude. And to the extent that there was any temporary softness in demand around some of those macro issues that you mentioned during the quarter. I mean, have you already seen that start to come back in terms of orders or indications of interest in the first couple of weeks of the third quarter here?
Scott Donnelly: Well. Seth, I would say that our progression as you know, I mean, this is usually a business that has a back-end load, a lot of that is driven by tax, folks wanted to get their aircraft deliveries done by the end of the year. I don't see any change in that. I think the progression that we normally see, we would expect to see. Arguably, it's going to be a little more accentuated than that, just because we have the Longitude coming in to service. So, yes, there will be more of a pickup in the back half associated with that. In terms of just the normal order flow, again, I think, things appear to be normal. We actually did see customers that had said all are going to wait and see what happens after everything kind of got a little shaken up in the late-May, into June timeframe and to take delivery in the second quarter. But more of them were -- look, I just want to sort of put this aside and think about this as a second half activity. So again, from -- it's hard to our sales teams, those dialogs are ongoing. And so I would expect that we will see most of that come back and turn into third, fourth quarter deals. And in fact, this summer around aircraft that are deliveries that would be out in the next year.
Seth Seifman: Right. And then on the Longitude, given -- I think, it's probably just a handful of the initial units that are either marginally profitable or not profitable. And so, on that basis is it possible for Longitude to contribute to earnings in Q3 or is the Q3 earnings that we're going to see basically all from non-Longitude platform?
Scott Donnelly: Well, as you know, typically the initial deliveries are going to be at a lower margin. There will be some contribution, but certainly from a margin rate, there is no question in the third quarter they would be dilutive. So, now that being said, I think the performance, you've seen very strong performance of the business here in the first half. So our relative profitability on light revenue is stronger than has been. So it's offsetting against what is very strong performance. So it's still going to be respectable margins, but it will be -- if you just looked at Longitude on a stand-alone basis, it would certainly be dilutive.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Pete Skibitski of Alembic Global. Please go ahead.
Peter Skibitski: Scott, can you update us on ship to shore in terms of that initial LRP contract that I think you're expecting when that -- is the one that comes through here in the second half. Is systems going to kind of return to growth on that basis or maybe the UAV headwinds still too tough right now. Can you just update us there?
Scott Donnelly: So, Pete, I definitely think that -- Well, first of all, ship to shore is moving along well, the first craft is in builders trials, that was a huge milestone. So we're about halfway through that process, we're expecting delivery of the first aircraft here this quarter. The rest of the initial developmental units are moving along well behind that. We do continue to get long lead funding for that next production, lot of aircraft is actually three fiscal years that are in there. We are in negotiation of that process. I would expect here in the third quarter or four quarter, the latest, obviously, we would get that under contract. So -- but the amount of revenue that we'll see this year is largely associated with those long lead materials. We do have some of the initial assembly or initial welding activity going on the first craft, but really you will see the impact of that as it starts to ramp up and generate revenue, where it will be a 2020 story. So, clearly from our perspective, Systems here is sort of bottoming in 2019 and you'll see the growth in 2020, in large part driven by that transition of ship to shore from development program to the production program.
Peter Skibitski: Can I just ask one follow-up, Scott? I haven't asked you in a while about this Marine Corps MUX program. They're doing a lot of interesting things, I think, with the acquisition strategy. Are you guys kind of comfortable on that program right now, it's an opportunity for you or some of the things that they're doing are they kind of making it tougher to bid on. Just your thoughts?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think -- look, I think the Marine Corps is doing a lot of work right now. And then you've see these small levels of activity in prices, where they are just for best soliciting ideas, which I think is a very healthy thing to do. Obviously, we have done a lot of work on the concept of the MUX and how we would approach that program. The Marine Corps, obviously, is well aware of everything that we've -- that we've done there. We have participated in some of these other smaller projects where they're sort of going to industry and say, hey, give us your ideas around different Mission Systems and different concepts of operations. So I think they are sort of in a fact finding mode. Obviously, we have put a lot of information in front of them over the last couple of years. And at this point, I think most of the work that we feel like we need to do in advance of those thing, we've largely done that. And I think here in the next couple of years you will see that thing transition from sort of the solicitation of ideas to help them formulate their final specifications, if you will, around that program and then it will turn into -- hopefully into a funded development program. Obviously, we would participate in that. I think we have a great solution to what they're looking for. But it will ramp over the next couple of years, I think.
Operator: And next we have the line of Rajeev Lalwani of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Rajeev Lalwani: First, just a question on Hemisphere. Can you talk more about the decision to put that on hold? How much of it was engine versus simply what you're seeing in the overall market and the signals you're getting there?
Scott Donnelly: It was purely the engine, as we've talked about for the last year or so, we think that the niche -- the area that we intended to fit with that aircraft and obviously had that shared feeling with NetJets as our launch customer was an area that would be a great product and a great price point, performance point to go into the marketplace. But the challenge was, there was really only one engine in development that was suitable to meet that performance point. And as I said in the prepared comments, that engine hasn't yet demonstrated the performance required for the aircraft. So if at some point in the future that engine or whatever is demonstrated that can meet it, we would certainly revisit it. It's just -- I think, just too much time has gone by here and we can't sort of hold this thing in a -- I mean, we can't expect our customers to kind of wait an uncertainty any longer. So there is still potential for it out there, we have to evaluate and understand what's competitive dynamic, what's going on in the marketplace, what's going on with customers to determine at that later time whether that product would make sense or not  We'd be certainly happy to evaluate and look at that, but in the meantime, clearly we need to take our engineering resource and focus on those things that are going to drive our growth in the mid to near term here, which is not just getting Longitude done, but getting SkyCourier and Denali into the Q. And as you know, we're always kind of looking at other concepts and opportunities within our portfolio that need refreshes, updates and things like that, which is what we normally do. So we're simply just going to take all that engineering resource that would have gone into the Hemisphere program and deploy that into our current portfolio of programs.
Rajeev Lalwani: On the Bell side, obviously, are pretty well positioned on the long-range and have the reconnaissance program. How important are those for the future of Bell. I mean, assuming that you're not successful there, should we start thinking about an overall restructuring of the military side of the business there, do you feel like there is enough other things going on to sort of sustain what you're seeing today or add to it?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think if you look at the military side of Bell. We have good visibility on H1 production out in the '20, '22 timeframe. There's a number of FMS opportunities that are out there that we're pursuing. As you know, those always take time to get those to closure. V-22 were already running at that lower rate associated with multiyear three. Again there is some FMS opportunity or other things that they could increase that over time. And I think there are certainly some possibilities there. And of course, this has become a very large installed base. So there is a ton of service business associated with this. There's upgrades and enhancement programs which are typical of any large defense platform, which we expect we will continue to see in the future. So I think Bell on the military side, just around V-22 and H1 can sustain and be a nice healthy business. But clearly from a growth standpoint, the opportunities are out there around far around far those V-280, of course, the MUX program which we just talked about, and some other opportunities around tiltrotor is what's going to drive the growth in the future. I think we're very well positioned on several of those programs. Will we win them all? Probably not. But these are, these are very large programs. And so winning one or two of those is what would drive significant growth for Bell on top of the ongoing sustaining of the V-22 and H1 programs.
Operator: And next question is from the line of Jon Raviv of Citi. Please go ahead.
Jon Raviv: Good morning. Can you just level set us a bit more on systems margin going forward post the Flightsafety deal, but then also with the ship to shore connect ramping up. I understand that sales bottoms in for '19, but how about the margin rates. And I guess overall, how you think about earnings dollars growth going forward here with those two big moving pieces?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, we've showed you. I think the Systems business should be targeting around 10% margin, we have returned that last year. We're on track to be in that neighborhood this year, obviously, there has been a bit of a drag on -- associated with the fixed-price development on ship to shore, but again, that transitions into a production program. This is a business that we should expect to see a 10% margin business.
Jon Raviv: Okay, thanks. And then just going back to Aviation and it got it seems like something really kind of scared customers in May, June, even though the market has been through some other gyrations, especially for 2018, but it's kind of through that period. You typically sounded quite positive. So what do you think was different about the nature of this May-June move. And then look, I mean, that's a beat a dead horse, but really what gives you confidence that this is going to come back. I mean the Fed's cutting rates because the economy is slowing, that's probably not a good thing for customers.
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think people -- when you look at the combination of you -- Again, we had some market gyrations, but to your point, this happens periodically. Right? I mean, but you have this concern over Mexico tariffs. I mean that -- I think, we had a couple of customers that just flat out. They do a lot of business in Mexico and this is -- was a big problem for them. So that created some of that uncertainty. Look, a lot of people were talking down to. The economy is really going to slow down dramatically. And I think the numbers that actually came out would indicate that's not the case. I mean, unemployment numbers are still quite good. The GDP numbers were actually better than most economists were forecasting. So, is the market on fire? No. But is it healthy and steady? I think that's more of a case of where we are. So customers that are interested in upgrading and buy new aircraft, they didn't go -- say, hey, I'm done. They were -- let me see what happens when things settle down a little bit. So -- and at the timing of it. When we get one of these perturbations in the first month of the quarter that gives you time for customers to kind of understand where they are and get comfortable and move forward. When they happened in the last month of the quarter, it's a little more challenging because they come back to the table, but it's now past the end of the quarter. So I think -- but if that had not happened, we probably would have over driven a few jets, just given the number of things that were in the pipeline, but I think at least our view right now is, those were larger activities that deferred into the third quarter.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Robert Spingarn, Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Spingarn: Just a couple of things. On the industrial business, you're guiding, I think pro forma for the divestiture about flat this year and that seem to track in the first half. But I'm wondering about some of the moving pieces in there. For example, how does the channel fill work with the Tracker product against streamlining your other distributors? And how do you think about automotive in the second half given some of the macro weakness that we're expecting, so that on Kautex. Can you -- essentially can H2 be flat with H1 is what I'm asking.
Scott Donnelly: So, I think if you look at -- Let me talk to the automotive side first. Clearly volumes around most of the world are down, but frankly the comparisons on Q3, Q4 are going to be easier than Q1 and Q2, because you really saw that slowdown hit in the latter part of last year. So I think our business is performing well. I mean, we're happy with performance and operations and margins and how the guys are doing. But there is no doubt, it is on a lower volume basis but more or less consistent with where we thought it would be. And as I said, the Q3, Q4 comps are certainly easier than what we saw in Q1 and Q2, just given the global automotive slowdown. So, I think we're comfortable with where we are. Again, the team is executing quite well and delivering based on where that end market is. So we continue to be feel good about new programs and new nominations which obviously are growth and opportunities in the future as well. On the off-road side, I'll tell you the Tracker, the way that the -- the inventory and stocking model works in Bass Pro and Cabela and their dealers is a very disciplined process. It's a very healthy process and we feel very good about how that's going, and the way the team there manages that. It's a great partnership. We're pleased with how it's going and very comfortable with just how they do business and how they manage that business. I talk a little bit about the other piece of the channel around snow. We're just -- guys, we have some very, very good deals out there, particularly a lot of our dealers who have a long history with that brand in the snow side. As I said we're being extraordinarily disciplined with how we do that and how we manage that and we'll do that on the dirt side as well, because it is largely those same dealers of guys that are historical snowmobile dealers that are carrying that Arctic Cat brand of dirt. And by the way, they are very complementary channels. The strength of that channel under that Arctic Cat brand tends to be in the northern parts of the US and Canada where the snowmobile country exists. And in most of the rest of the country happens to be where the Bass Pro, Cabela's and their independent Marine dealers are very strong. So it gives us in total, I think a very strong distribution network.
Robert Spingarn: Do you find that whether is a bigger factor for dirt as it is for snow. And then one last thing I wanted to ask you is similar and how -- in commercial helicopter, similar to my first question about H2. How do you get optimistic or as optimistic for a bounce back when the rig counts have been fairly soft, especially in the second quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Well, so on the helicopter front, keep in mind that our share in those deepwater rigs, we really don't address that market today. That's part of what the 525 is about for the future, but where our market is and where we've frankly seen strength and very strong workflow here in the last, almost going on a couple of years now is really around the near in stop in oil and gas and frankly a lot of emergency medical services, executive VIP, customs and border patrol. I mean it's a much broader market. Police -- really -- what really drives the 407 and 429 markets is not the oil and gas market. So there is a real contrast right now between the big machines that are large oriented serving that offshore oil and gas market, it's just not a market we've had a very big position or the market that's quite strong is, again, around more of that the light twins, the single, so it's volume around 505, 407, 429 and 412, which is not that deep water offshore oil and gas market.
Robert Spingarn: And then just a whether question on dirt versus snow?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I'd say it's a lot less dependent, snow is very dependent on the snow season. Again, this is part of why we want to sort of insulate ourselves from that by saying, guys, we're in a pre-sell. So those snowmobiles are going to be built and that will be shipped and they're paid for and that will all happen before there's -- we even get into the snow season. So by design, we were trying to insulate ourselves from that one way or the other. Of course, we look very hard at what's out there in the inventory, the inventory levels of our products frankly ended up at a very low level last year. Well below where we originally targeted and that was because it did seem a relatively in most parts a good snow -- strong snow season. And so our dealers did retail through a lot of product. So I think it puts us in a very healthy position. We have a fairly low level of inventory out there and we've already pre-sold all of our 2020 models that are going out. Dirt is more difficult. I mean, essentially more difficult. I mean it's not as weather-dependent, right? You've got a spring season, a fall season, it's not -- it really doesn't -- isn't driven by particular weather cycle on the dirt side.
Operator: Next we have Noah Poponak, Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Scott, did you actually specifically have live -- in the process kind of ready to rock business jet customers then specifically cited the Mexico tariff situation as a reason to hold off. So as opposed to just -- you were talking broad macro and giving an example.
Scott Donnelly: No, absolutely no. I mean there were couple of specific transactions with customers that do a lot of business in Mexico and their business is dependent on that. And they got pretty rattled. Now, will they come back? I would expect so. I think that whole issue -- I mean, if you look part of it, Noah, that came out of nowhere, right? I mean, this was a -- more of a diplomatic issue then a tariff -- they thought that the new free trade agreements, had all the dust settled on all that sort of stuff. And so this kind of came as quite a surprise, but of course, now it's also going away. So I think hopeful of those things will come back, but yeah, I think there were very specific transaction that literally stopped because of that. And in a bigger way it contributed just to a level of uncertainty economically and people don't spend big capex items when there is uncertainty.
Noah Poponak: It's interesting. Not to diminish the -- how meaningful that specific thing is, but it's just a pretty specific thing. And so I guess, just in trying to -- we all keep I think trying to ascertain where we are on the spectrum of weak market to OK market, but still kind of touching go and skittish to strong market and I had interpreted some of your commentary year-to-date to suggest we had -- we are really moving toward stronger market. And I guess how concerned are you that you just we'll never be able to get a fully firmed up tight market until we just have -- until we are just out of the cycle and we're in a new cycle as long as everyone's, because there's always going to be some headline not dissimilar to that, right?
Scott Donnelly: No, there is always. And I can't predict them all or either, right? I mean, but look we've been playing this sort of over 10 years now. And so, yes, things get curveball get thrown in there of one flavor or the other, whether it's markets or international tensions or currency. I mean, look, this is the nature of the world that we live in. But some things are very specific localized problem some are more broad based. But as I said, I think, you look at where the market was through 2018 and the beginning of '19 still feel very good. I think we still feel like we have a very good list of customers. I do think that the cycle that -- if you want to talk about that way, there was a overhang of a lot of the used aircraft and all these sorts of things is largely behind us and so that gives us a little more stability I think. And then just a general better feeling on the new side where you don't have that big overhang on the used side, which clearly is the case right now. Most used aircraft that are out there are quite older used aircraft. I mean those transact typically at a slower rate. Every indication on the used aircraft market which obviously we're a big participant in that market is that, if you've got newer aircraft that kind of people to do trade in and do buy aircraft, it's still very liquid and there is good demand. You come out there with a good used aircraft, they transact. So it's healthy -- it is healthy. The underlying market is as healthy as has been in a very long time. Does that make it immune to something sort of percolating it like we saw here? No, absolutely not. But I still think in general, we feel good about where it is, the dynamics of, again, used of pricing of new products coming into the market that I think will help drive a lot of our growth. Again, we -- as you know we've taken an approach that says, if the markets are just sort of flattish we need to drive growth by bringing things like a Latitude into the market, by bringing the Longitude into the market, by bringing the Denali and SkyCourier into the market. Those are the things -- that are the investments that we make to try to drive growth in the business even if we have a flattish overall market.
Noah Poponak: Yeah, OK. That's really helpful. I appreciate that. On the Aviation margin, do we need to be aware of a substantial variance between the third quarter and the fourth quarter margin, just as you bring the longitude in the third quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Look, I think you're going to -- you would expect to see a somewhat lower margin in Q3 because of that dilution of the initial Longitude orders going out there. And then you would expect to see stronger Q4 margin. I mean -- but as you all know, we always -- that's sort of -- just the volume and the dynamic of our business is always kind of plays out a little bit like that anyway between Q3 and Q4. Q3 tends to be a lower margin and Q4 largely driven by volume, but there will be probably a little bit of differentiation here based upon that -- the dilution of Longitude. But again, I think the underlying performance of the business, how they're executing, the productivity, the efficiencies that has been driving a pretty significant improvement on a year-over-year basis. I mean, you run like couple of hundred basis points or so better and that will be tough to do in Q3, given the Longitude dilution. But I think we'll -- you'll see continued strong performance from that business.
Noah Poponak: And then last one on the cash flow. The year needs to be meaningfully more back-end loaded than the normal historical seasonality to get to the guidance. I'm assuming that's primarily or entirely Longitude, anything else?
Scott Donnelly: Well, the biggest for Longitude is probably the -- is certainly the single biggest driver. We build these aircraft. The demand is there. Customers are there. We just got to get the certification done. So we've got plenty of aircraft set up and ready to go. I talked a little bit about Bell. Obviously, we've been ramping that production right up here. So, that's all sitting in working capital right now and you'll see considerably higher volumes here in Q3, Q4 on the commercial side of Bell. And then, I mean, that are smaller numbers but as you look at, for instance, the snow stuff. I mean we've got all that stuff going in working capital right now. We will produce all that stuff and sell that through mostly here in the third quarter. The dirt side, we're always going to have a little bit of some higher inventory carrying there, because we need to be able to run the factory and do nothing but snowmobile third quarter. So we build up enough inventory to make sure that we can satisfy the demand in that channel as well. But again, most of that -- the significant dollars are associated with Longitude's and the Bell ramp, things like the snowmobile going out. I mean, I think, that's why we still feel quite comfortable with our initial guidance range, albeit sure that it is more back-end loaded than we would like.
Operator: And next we have the line of Ronald Epstein, Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Kristine Liwag: Scott, Safeaero just put out a press release that there is no financial impact for both of you from the contract termination on the Hemisphere. Since the issue seems to be largely from engine performance, I was wondering why there isn't more recourse for you from Safeaero. How is your contract different from your competitor that got a few hundred million dollars in penalties from them?
Scott Donnelly: Well, because we don't have a few hundred million dollars of penalty associated with it. There was -- we do on a much smaller scale do R&D sharing with some of our key suppliers and largely we have had, again, a very small relatively speaking, number that's in there that's been supporting some of the R&D, it is a shared program. So we've had R&D in it, they have R&D in it. My understanding is, they're going to look to continue to work the engine. If they can get that engine to its specifications, it would be a great engine. So I can appreciate that they would continue to make some investment as well. But we don't deal in these massive programs to offset these things. And frankly because -- there is not -- I mean it's size of the market, there is not a volume that anybody would ever investor or put up that kind of a upfront-end loaded payment or obligation.
Kristine Liwag: And when you think about that size aircraft in the market. I mean, the hemisphere was opposed to entering service sometime next year when you first initially rolled it out. Can you describe what's going on in that market environment today. And is there demand for replacement of Hemisphere type aircraft?
Scott Donnelly: Well, the decision point was to be to launch it this year. So they are entry the service would have been out probably five years, anyway, before that we go into the market, but it was intended to be an aircraft that go into fleets like NetJets and obviously other retail customers, that had a requirement to do that longer range. Again, I mean, the theory of where we were in that business was, most of the large-cabin manufacturers are going to ultra long-haul and even longer range aircraft and there is still was a demand in a right place at the right price for the right performance capability for an aircraft that was more in that 4,500 nautical mile range. And there really hadn't been a clean sheet new airplane in that space in a long time. And that was what we thought the opportunity was, because the challenge there, you need to have the right engine airplane combination. And so that was always predicated on having that engine there. And as I said, there has been a lot of hard work. There has been a lot of progress frankly that Safeaero team has made it just was not yet able to demonstrate. And we just had a timeline that says guys we need to step back here and commit resources in other places for now and the engine, I guess there then we can revisit that.
Kristine Liwag: Thank you for the color.
Eric Salander: Okay. Operator, that does it for this call. Thank you everyone and you can reach me if you have any follow-up questions. And we'll see you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. We do thank you for joining. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-17 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Textron First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Eric Salander. Please go ahead Sir.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Brad, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I would like to mention, we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott C. Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Textron revenues in the quarter were $3.1 billion, down $187 million from last years first quarter largely driven by the impact of Tools and Test disposition in the prior year. Net income was $0.76 per share up from $0.72 per share in last year's first quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions reflected a use of cash of $291 million compared to the use of cash of $158 million in last year's first quarter. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks Eric and good morning everybody. Q1 was a strong quarter for Textron. Segment margins were up 100 basis points in the quarter driven by strong execution in Aviation, and Bell as well as improved performance in Specialized Vehicles. At Bell revenues were slightly lower due to commercial volume in the quarter where we delivered 30 helicopters down from 46 last year. We saw solid order activity in the quarter with multi aircraft orders across all our commercial models and we expect to ramp commercial deliveries throughout the balance of the year. In the quarter we achieved certification of the 407GXi from the Civil Aviation Administration of China, which allowed us to deliver the first unit to Shaanxi as part of their effort to establish an air medical services and public safety network in China. On the military side, the Bell-Boeing program office was awarded at $143 million contract for additional performance based logistics and engineering support on the V-22 with options for four additional years. With more than 375 V-22 aircraft accumulating in excess of 450,000 flight hours a day we expect to see continued opportunities to strengthen our military aftermarket business from the V-22 fleet. The V-22 recently celebrated the 30th anniversary of its first flight demonstrating the reliability of tiltrotor technology and the variety of missions capabilities for the most in demand aircraft in the U.S. military. And we're continuing our tiltrotor innovation with the V-280, which recently achieved a cruising speed of 300 knots as part of its continued successful flight test program. We believe the success of the V-280 to-date has helped accelerate interest in the future long-range assault aircraft program leading to the army's requests for information, which will initiate a competitive acquisition phase. Also with an FVL Bell responded to the future attack reconnaissance aircraft request for proposal and is awaiting the customer's initial downselect announcement. We were pleased to see the army's continued strong commitment to future vertical lift in FY20 budget with funding for both the long-range assault aircraft and the attack reconnaissance aircraft programs. At Systems revenues were down on lower TAPV deliveries at Textron Marine & Land Systems and lower volume at Unmanned Systems. In the quarter Textron Systems was one of two companies selected to receive an award to provide unmanned systems as part of the U.S. Armys Future Tactical UAS program. Under this award the U.S. army will purchase our Aerosonde HQ systems allowing army users to evaluate the system as well as envision to find the capabilities and operational requirements for future combat missions. Textron systems also continues to qualify Block 3 enhancements to the Shadow tactical UAS, which will enable to support the U.S. army for years to come. Also in the quarter, Textron Systems delivered the initial next generation Squad Weapon-Technology prototype demonstrated to the U.S. army. The automatic rifle prototype based on the Company's proven Cased Telescoped Weapons & Ammunition technology is the first of five weapon demonstrators that Textron Systems plan to deliver for the program. Moving to industrial revenues were lower for the quarter, primarily reflecting the impact of the disposition of the Tools and Test product line. At Specialized Vehicles, we saw a favorable performance resulting from our cost reduction and manufacture realignment actions that we initiated in the fourth quarter of last year. Also in the quarter, we started onboarding Bass Pro and Cabela's stores as well as independent track of marine dealers with product information and training events and we began loading vehicles into these retail outlets. At Textron GSE, our ground support business received an order for six Safeaero 220 deicers from Belgiums Brussels airport further expanding our international customer base. Moving to Textron Aviation revenues were $1.1 billion up 12%. In the quarter, we delivered 44 jets up from 36 last year and 44 commercial turboprops up from 29 in last year's first quarter. The overall market remains positive with new aircraft order levels 12% higher than a year ago. In the quarter figures released by GAMA showed that the Citation aircraft for the most delivered business jets in 2018 headlined by the Latitude, which earned the title as the most delivered business jet in the mid-sized category for the third consecutive year. Success of the Latitude over the past three years demonstrates the importance of introducing new products to the market, particularly the competitive midsize segment and we're looking forward to success with the Citation Longitude as we work towards final certification which is certainly taking longer than we expected. Were continuing to coordinate closely with the FAA as our engineering group works to complete the underlying documentation that's required under the FAA's design assurance process and we expect to complete this work in the second quarter. Given the effort involved in the review and approval process that supports final type certification of the aircraft, we expect Longitude deliveries to begin in Q3 of this year. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you Scott and good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $294 million up $15 million from the first quarter of 2018 with segment profit margin of 9.5% up 100 basis points from a year ago. Let's review how each of the segments contributed starting with Textron Aviation. At Textron Aviation revenues of $1.1 billion we're up 12% from this period last year due to higher volume and mix across the jet and commercial turboprop product lines. Segment profit was $106 million up from $72 million, a year ago due to the higher volume and favorable performance. Operating margin at the segment was 9.3% up 220 basis points from last year. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $2 billion up $204 million from the end of the fourth quarter. Moving to Bell, revenues were $739 million down from $752 million last year, primarily on lower commercial volume. Segment profit of $104 million was up $17 million primarily due to favorable performance. Operating margin at the segment was 14.1% up 250 basis points from last year. Backlog in this segment was $6.3 billion at the end of the quarter, up $459 million from the end of the fourth quarter. At Textron systems revenues were $307 million down from $387 million a year ago reflecting lower TAPV deliveries at Textron Marine & Land Systems and lower Unmanned Systems volume. Segment profit of $28 million was down $22 million from last year's first quarter, primarily reflecting lower volume and lower net favorable program adjustments. Operating margin at the segment was 9.1% in the quarter. Backlog in the segment was $1.4 billion down $62 million from the end of the fourth quarter. Industrial revenues were $912 million down 19% largely related to the impact from the disposition of our tools and test product line at lower volumes. Segment profit was $50 million down $14 million from the first quarter of last year, largely due to the impact from the product line disposition and lower volume partially offset by favorable performance related to this specialized vehicles product line. Operating margin at the segment was 5.5%. Finance segment revenues were up $1 million and profit was flat with last year's first quarter. Moving below segment profit corporate expenses were $47 million and interest expense was $35 million. We also repurchased approximately 4 million shares at an overall cost of about $202 million. To wrap up with guidance, we are reiterating our expected full your EPS from continuing operations of $3.55 to $3.75 per share. We also continue to expect cash flow from continuing operations of the manufacturing group before pension contributions of $700 million to $800 million. That concludes our prepared remarks. So Brad, we can open the line for questions
Operator: Of course and we have a question from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much and good morning. Scott. So you mentioned what was in the [indiscernible] and in the budget for a future vertical lift. I wonder if you could talk a little bit more about what you saw in there, for FLRAA and how that met your expectations with regard to you continuing to test and to do work on the V-280 given some of the past comments that you've made. Was there enough there in terms of funding?
Scott Donnelly: I would say that we're pleased with what's in there. Obviously the bulk of the money that's laid out for FY20 was on FARA. The money for FLRAA was really to initiate and get the program going. You have to remember though that when they put all those budgets together, that was really before the V-280 was very far into his flight test program. So I'd say that that has influenced things pretty significantly. They would like to add additional funding and they have asked for more funding to keep that program moving both in terms of flight test activity as well as to initiate the former procurement. And the army just talked about this, that's why we've seen the RFI come out. Those responses actually were due and went in last Friday. They'll use that to inform their next step, which is to put an RFP out to begin the competitive phase of the program. So I think we'll  we see a fair bit of money through the five-year plan and we expect that based again on the fact that JMR has been as successful as it has been, has really demonstrated that this program is ready to move on. And the Army has talked about that and is working both the funding that they did get in there as well as additional request for funding to help accelerate this going forward. So I think in that respect, it's all positive.
Seth Seifman: Great. And then just one follow-up, maybe if you could talk a little bit about the level of profitability at Bell, 14% margin, obviously, very strong and strong relative to what you guys had guided to the year. And maybe a little bit more color on what drove that. And also, we've seen consistently high margins at Bell for a while now. And kind of how you think about that 10% to 12% range you've talked about over time. And if there's room to kind of be over time towards the higher end of that range.
Scott Donnelly: Well, Seth, I mean, we have been performing really well. I think the team down there had done a great job driving productivity. Obviously, we're in the quarter wrapping up a lot of sort of the end of Multiyear II program on V-22 and we see great productivity and that's driving part of it. We had a good mix on the commercial side. So in terms of the overall deliveries in the commercial side, we saw better margins there as well. So that contributed to a very strong Q1. I think the business will perform very well throughout the year. But remember as we go further into the year, we'll see this transition to Multiyear III revenue on the V-22 front. And as we've always seen there is  when you negotiate new pricing on one of those contracts, it's at a lower level and then we've got to work hard to drive productivity over a period of time to get those margins back up. So I think that our guide is still accurate on Bell. We're just going to see a stronger start here, again given mostly the ramp-up of Multiyear III versus kind of close out on all the Multiyear II activities. But again, the business does a great job. They're delivering strong productivity on both the military and the commercial front.
Seth Seifman: Great, thanks very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hey, good morning, guys. And thank you for the time. On the Longitude, everybody likes the fashionably lead entrance. But I guess, what are the lessons learned here. How to improve the process, if any? And then if you could just update us on the Denali and the SkyCourier and EIS there?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. So I think Sheila, there's a lot to learn on how to go through this new process. I think if we were able to start over and do it again, there's a lot of up-streamlining in terms of how you would create all these documents and how you would put all the tools in place. Particularly, one of the things that we never imagined the challenges of how interconnected all these different documents are, so not only is it staggering in terms of the sheer volume and quantity per document, but the linkages. So if a commentary is made and a small change is made somewhere, how that connects to all the other documents, whereas these things used to live sort of independently as you look system to system. So we have been trying to put together tools and ways to make that an easier process. I think frankly, the FAA reviewers as they look through this have recognized that there is, I mean, there is a lot that's being done here that's valuable, but there's a lot of things that could be optimized to make it more productive. I think we feel good about the fact that we've had some FAA folks in and now using some of these tools we develop to help do the reviews and look at the documents. So for sure, there are lessons to be learned here on future certifications. And frankly, when you start this process, there are ways that you can create these documents and treaties much, much earlier that we just weren't familiar with at the time we started this program. So we kind of injected this process halfway through. So at any rate, it has proven to be a massive challenge. Again, this is for us, this is a timing issue and I don't think this will affect our performance in the year. The production line is humming along the  it's a great product. It continues to fly really, really well, and we'll get there. The only disappointment frankly for us is we have customers that want the aircraft. And we've been trying to do everything we can to support training and readiness for deliveries and all those kinds of things. But it's  people would like to get their hands on the aircraft. It's a great plane. So anyway, well, there's a lot to learn here and I think it'll help us on future certifications. With respect to the Denali and SkyCourier, we are still planning on first flights of each of those aircraft this year. I think they're coming along well from a performance cost. They're tracking and we obviously are a little bit behind a couple where we'd like to be based on a lot of the resource still being tied up on the Longitude certification, but the critical things that need to happen on that program continue to happen. And I think both programs are on track to be great aircraft.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you for that color. And then just on Systems. How do we think about the business returning to growth and stabilizing here? You mentioned a couple of new programs
Scott Donnelly: So I think if you look at the performance for the quarter, look, I'm very happy with how these guys are doing. Most of the businesses are performing really, really well. That win on the next-generation of UAS, where we invested in that hybrid quadcopter version of Aerosonde. Obviously, to be selected as one of the two guys to go demonstrate that capability and get fielded with the Army is a big deal for us. The rest of the UAS business fee-for-service is continuing to do very well. As I said, most  all of those businesses are performing really well. Obviously, the reason we guided the margin rate that we guided is we still have a very large piece of the business on ship to shore in particular that as the fixed price development that we're booking at zero. And now we are starting to see revenue. We'll see that continue to grow over the course of the year on the production program. Again, revenue that we're going to book is zero. Clearly, we don't expect that to be a zero margin. We expect that to be a normal, healthy margin business. But here in the initial phases, we're booking that at zero. The first three craft are in the production phase, there's a lot of long-lead material that's out there. And so we're starting the negotiation with the government to try to finitize that contract for fiscal year 2017, 2018, 2019. So I think clearly that program is to going to drive a significant amount of growth going forward. As I said, we already have a long-lead out there. We're already initiating the production of the craft. So that will have I think a real positive impact for us in 2020. But it's all business that's being booked at zero margin that weighs down the whole segment, obviously, when you've got a big piece of business at zero. But clearly that will swing to a very positive program for us going forward.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please go ahead.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning. Following up on that, Scott, the changes that we saw on the budget in and around ship to shore look like, some volumes were taken out. Can you just comment on that? And how that potentially could affect the cadence of the program?
Scott Donnelly: Well, the FY2020 zero was I think from the Navy's perspective a logical thing to do because the monies have been appropriated in 2017, 2018, 2019 not under a contract yet. So I think that was the rationale for doing this. Clearly, we have a pretty significant volume of craft that are sort of in the backlog, if you will. We would certainly like to see them put something back in for 2020 just so that we don't have a break in terms of how we negotiate and work with our suppliers on anticipated volume. So that's certainly something that we see as an opportunity to step that up as we go finalize the FY2020 budget and also for the fit up as we look out. But I don't think there is nothing sinister here, it's just the Navy's perspective was you guys have a whole bunch of craft that are already appropriated in 2017, 2018, 2019. We've got to get those under contract and get going here before we add on additional appropriated volumes.
David Strauss: Okay. Within industrial, the down 7%, can you help us a little bit in terms of how Kautex and vehicles did within that down 7%? And then how do you feel youre set up for the dirt season because I think that's where we've seen problems in the past. Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Look, the majority of the volume down here is associated with the fact that we had the Tools & Test business a year ago, so we'll see that headwind here in the first two quarters. And then we should get to more normalized comparative on a year-over-year basis. I think the Kautex business, as you would expect, we were down on the revenue based upon the OEM volumes, what with being down. I think from everything we're hearing from our customers when we look at deliveries for the balance of the year, this is probably the lowest quarter for that just on a year-over-year comparative basis. We expect it to be somewhat better in the second quarter. And again improving because we get to again more normal comps in the third and fourth quarter in terms of where the OEM volume is around the world. But the business is executing fine. Obviously, theres some challenge there on FX as well, which is almost half the decline that we saw in the automotive side of things. But it's performing and sort of to our expectations based on what people were thinking the global auto volumes would be. So I don't think there's any issue there that were particularly concerned about. On the vehicle side, we saw a pretty significant improvement on a year-over-year basis, in terms of the performance of the business. So the actions that we said that we would take around cost and realigning production and some of the main changes that we made in product portfolio have gone very well, I think that team is executing extremely well and we clearly expect to see the benefits that continue to accrete over the balance of the year. And then, of course, the unknown which will drive any potential upside to this is, how successful we are on the partnership with TRACKER.We feel great about it right now. But again, were early here, were doing a lot of work together on training and getting everybody ready to receive and retail this new product line in both the stores and the independent dealers. I'd say that process, it's a huge undertaking, it's just a  its a lot of stores, it's a lot of retailers, so it's a lot of training. And  that I think that's going very well so far. We're obviously building out vehicles and have started to stock a lot of the initial stores and dealers, and that program continues on track. But we need to give it a couple of quarters here to see what the retail sell through looks like to know what that's going to do to the business. But, all that aside, I think we are absolutely on track with the execution that we expected and forecast for the year, so we're in pretty good position.
David Strauss: All right. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Carter Copeland with Melius. Please go ahead.
Carter Copeland: Hi. Good morning, gentlemen.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Carter Copeland: Scott. Just a question on certification. I appreciate the longitude comments earlier. But just a bit more broadly, I mean, there's clearly right now a bit more public debate around the suitability of ODA in the cert process. And I just wondered, if you look forward when you think about the remaining certifications that you have and the ones in the future, do you think there is a risk that this becomes more elongated? And this is a process you got to plan for longer lead times? Or just any color you can give us on how you're thinking about that, given what's been going on lately?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Carter thats all very hard to predict. Look, I think that the FAA recognizes the value and the importance of ODA in the certification process. This is a process which has worked extraordinarily well. I mean our industry, whether it's civil aircraft or business jets or GA aircraft, has an unbelievable safety record. And I think the FAA knows that, the process which we all gripe about here and there. The bottom line is it works, it has delivered incredible safety records. So I hope that no one has a knee-jerk reaction to some of the issues or the  the only issue frankly, that's going on right now in the industry and doesn't  we go back and say what are the things that should be done differently? Although I think we're always open and should always be open to that, if it's something that will improve safety of the delivered product. I think the FAA will be balanced and these guys are very close to this, they understand the technical details and how the process really works with respect to the overall certification process, as well as ODA. I just hope we don't get something that is jammed from a legislative standpoint that mandate something that would be, as I say, a knee-jerk reaction. We have a process that does work and it has an unbelievably terrific track record in terms of safety of the aircraft. So one isolated incident shouldn't cause people to change a very complicated and very effective process thats worked for a very long time.
Carter Copeland: Great. Thanks for that. And just as a follow-up, I wondered if you might just give us some very general color. I know you dont go by model, but just characterize the aviation book-to-bill sort of longitude versus everything else. Did you see  what did you see across the product line? Or did you see any particular strength in longitude worth noting?
Scott Donnelly: I think it's been strong across virtually every model. I mean certainly there were some longitudes in there on both retail as well as ongoing  the process we go through sort of year out on NetJets on the fractional side. But we saw good retail activity. And that's true both at longitude and really across the rest of the product line.
Carter Copeland: Great. Thank you very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Ronald Epstein with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Caitlin Dullanty: Good morning, guys. This is Caitlin Dullanty on for Ron Epstein. When we think about the future vertical lift programs with FARA and FLRAA, the initial operating capability is still a ways away with 2028 for FARA and 2034 for FLRAA. Until these programs gain traction, how do you think about bridging your programs at Bell as the V-22 comes down?
Scott Donnelly: Well, there is a couple of things going on there. So one is, first of all the Army has been pretty open about trying to  as their baseline bringing the future long range assault back from that 2034, 2035 to 2030, as part of the RFI process, they asked for ways that it could be further accelerated. As you can imagine, we've submitted our input to that. So I mean clearly there are ways for this to go faster. And I think the Army, well, the Army has been very open about the fact that they would like to see this go even faster. So I think the  these discussions out into the 2030s are really no longer relevant. The Army is absolutely intent on bringing that back and getting aircraft onto the ramp much sooner than that and clearly we can support doing that. So they're not as far out as you would think, but they're still pretty far out. So you will see a lot more engineering development and initial activity between here and say the early-to-mid 2020s. One other things that will help to bridge us on our current programs in both the 22 and H-1 is these install bases are growing obviously very rapidly. There's a lot more aftermarket work thats coming in. The government is working very hard around readiness and sustainability, so youll see more PBL and more work that we're performing to help them make sure that these aircraft are supported. And theyre  again, the installed bases is much larger and they're flying these things a lot of hours. So aftermarket will certainly step in and fill part of that void. And the other is FMS, so as you know, on the H-1 front, weve got Boeing. Theres is a number of other opportunities out there. There is interest and activity, which again is public around, Israelis lets say on V-22, so I think the real answer here is therell be a lot more aftermarket activity to help fill that gap. There will be some upgrades and refurbishments, like CCRAM for instance, on the V-22 program. And there will be some FMS opportunities to help, also to fill that gap. And I think you'll see more, as I said at the beginning, sort of a pull to the left here to try to accelerate things like long-range assault.
Caitlin Dullanty: Okay. That's very helpful. And the another question on the V-280. Right now, the Army does not currently operate any tiltrotors. What hurdles do the Army need to overcome to commit to a tiltrotor like the V-280?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think that the Army is, as they've seen the JMR program play out and they've seen the V-280 performance in terms of not just the things which sort of everybody knew about tiltrotor in terms of their benefits in speed and range, which is inherent in having a  in effect what's a high performance turboprop when you're in route. But there was always a question around the low level agility and the need to be able to be very agile down at  in a landing zone. Again this is a big change from where we were even a year ago with the 280 flying, the Army has been able to observe and frankly fly this aircraft in those modes and it's superior to the helicopters that are out there today, in terms of its low level agility. So I'd say, if there was a concern around tiltrotor with the Army, it was, how do you do with this low level agility and the V-280 has been able to demonstrate that this is actually a superior technology for that application. So I think that's  having seen that, is what's giving them the confidence to try to move out on this program.
Caitlin Dullanty: Okay. Thank you. And lastly, can you walk us through what drove the working capital headwind in the quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Well, inventories obviously, we didn't sell longitudes, so those guys are there and we always have a cyclicality anyway. I mean, if you look at the longitude is obviously a significant chunk of that. In general we tend to have more build on both the commercial aviation side, as well as and Bell on their commercial side. Again, even though deliveries were not the same as they were a year ago, we still feel very good about the overall commercial volumes for the year and those aircraft are in production and are in finishing and thats what drives the bulk of it. And we have a little bit of additional inventory, again, we're doing all the build for the stocking on the vehicle side. So it's mostly driven by some of those sort of normal annual inventory builds.
Caitlin Dullanty: Great. Thank you very much. That's it for me.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And we do have a question for the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Yes, good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
George Shapiro: In the aviation, what was R&D year-over-year because my recollection was you had like $15 million of Scorpion expense in the quarter last year, so I just wondering how much it might have been down year-over-year?
Scott Donnelly: The numbers George, our overall R&D number is about on track to where we guide for the year. It's not a major impact one way or the other. Obviously, we spent a little more longitudinal but net it's pretty flat.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then what was the aftermarket increase in the quarter since this year? It was more apples to apples. You didn't have the 606 messing it up.
Scott Donnelly: In the aftermarket it was actually down slightly, George. January, February, and again, whether its weather or why we don't really know, but the shop visits were below what we usually see. The good news is we saw most of that come back in March and our position for bookings in April here as we go into the quarter are back to more normal level, but it was a little lighter than we usually see in January, February, but again that activity has picked back up. So I think for the year we would be fine.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then if I switched to industrial, was the special vehicles business sequentially better profitability than the fourth quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, yeah.
George Shapiro: Okay. So that would imply that the bulk of the organic revenue decline was at Kautex and also maybe the margin was a little bit weaker at Kautex. Is that a correct statement?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we're not going to go through the exactly segment by segment, but Kautex was fine, the vehicle business was up and obviously the Tools and Test top wasn't in there.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then one for Frank, corporate expense was $47 million in the quarter that's somewhat higher than implied run rate of the $140 million that you kind of gave at guidance on January. Is there any change to that? Or what caused it?
Frank Connor: No, we're on track for that $140 million, George. Its just the timing issue related to the recognition of certain expenses, particularly, kind of how compensation does and things like that. So it's we're on track for the $140 million.
George Shapiro: Okay and one last quick one. Tax rate was low in the quarter. Is this a new tax rate? Or are you still sticking with the 20% for the year?
Frank Connor: Now, 20% is still good. We had a discrete item in the quarter that helped that, but 20% is still good for the year.
George Shapiro: Okay. Thanks very much.
Frank Connor: Sure.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: First question, in terms of capital deployment, are you still sticking to your guns in terms of prioritizing a share buyback going forward versus M&A?
Scott Donnelly: Yes.
Frank Connor: Yeah.
Scott Donnelly: Yes, we did that in the quarter, Robert. So I think that the level of buyback activity has been strong and we wouldn't expect to see it stay there.
Robert Stallard: Okay, that's great. And then secondly, we'll commercial helicopter, you mentioned it was a bit soft in the quarter, I don't know, three months is a short period of time. But have you seen anything changed there in the end market?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Robert. I don't want to interpret it to be soft. I mean it's just the normal  I mean our sole position is quite strong. Order activity is very strong, so there is no change to our outlook on the commercial side. It just happens to be and we always have some lumpiness here in delivery of certain customers and certain model types. So the commercial side is continuing to be strong. Order activity is very good. Sole position is very good. Mix was actually positive from a standpoint of few more fort walls here in the quarter, but there's no change to our outlook of the end market or the forecast for the year.
Robert Stallard: Right. And then just finally for me, I was wondering if you could comment on business jet pricing. You obviously saw some strength through last year and I was earning if that had continued.
Scott Donnelly: It did I mean at a lower level. I think we made a lot of moves in the last year plus in terms of trying to get price back to a more normalized place. And I think we've done that. We'll continue to keep pushing to keep up with just  I mean market inflation is what it is. So I think we did see some pricing in the quarter, but I wouldn't expect it to be at the same level of increase that we've seen over the last year or so.
Robert Stallard: It sounds great. Thank you very much.
Scott Donnelly: Thank you.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Rajeev Lalwani with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning, gentlemen. This is Jonathan on for Rajeev. So moving back to industrial, you mentioned the Bass Pro Shop relationship is progressing and you're loading vehicles in stores. Have you completed the footprint rationalization and what's left to do here and whats the expected timeline?
Scott Donnelly: So the footprint rationalization and the product lines, that work has been done. That's, I would say, pretty well completed at this point in time. So our focus right now is obviously around the core of our business in golf, in GSE, which are doing well and continuing on the turf product particularly in the golf. I think we feel were in a very good place there. The rationalization of product line and addressing a lot of the issues around inventory and whatnot on the dirt and snow side is in a good position. We had a fabulous year in terms of snow and getting that to a position that we're happy with in terms of inventory levels and so most of our work now on that is really around the Tracker partnership and driving that to be a successful program.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then just another follow-up on share repurchase. Are you still comfortable with the original guide? And any excess going  any excess free cash flow in the share repo?
Frank Connor: Yeah. As we said, when we guided, we expect that the bulk of our free cash flow will go to share repurchase this year and that continues to be the intent and the first quarter rate was reflective of that.
Scott Donnelly: $200 million in the first quarter is consistent with the guide that we gave you.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, very solid. Okay, thank you guys.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning everyone.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Frank Connor: Good morning.
Noah Poponak: Scott, the assessment jet unit is up 22% year-over-year in the quarter without longitude and with a normal latitude compare at this point. How should we expect the remainder of the year's growth rate in the ex-longitude, the legacy  the legacy business? How should we expect that growth rate rest of the year to compare to the 22% in the first quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look  I mean if you look at the total year, it's going to be consistent with the guide. And also certainly we would have expected a few longitudes here in the first quarter, so you'll see certainly a shifting here, particularly as we go into Q3 and Q4 where more growth will be driven by the longitude program.
Noah Poponak: I think my question is more. The guide is for volume up ex-longitude. And we've sort of  in the past you've talked about the ability to tweak the number of units on some of the legacy programs versus I guess the different process of a full on production increase. And so with that up 22%, which I think is a surprising number to most folks trying to figure out are you tweaking units in the legacy business ex-longitude? Or have you actually raised the production system 20% such that you would have 20% growth the rest of the year in the legacy business ex-longitude?
Scott Donnelly: No, we think it will be consistent with where we guided, Noah. So the production planning process, which again we  it's a real time process, right. And looking at that's high up and demand in the marketplace would not cause us to think that it's up 20%.
Noah Poponak: Okay.
Frank Connor: Our revenue guide was up 11% for the year. We were up 12% in the first quarter without longitude. So you can kind of do the math around that, but consistent with what Scott said, we had planned legacy up somewhat and we're maintaining that perspective.
Scott Donnelly: But the good news is the demand is there, right, and it's consistent with what we guided and we're seeing demand that supports our guide. So I think it's we continue to feel great about the end market, but were clearly going to need  see the delivers of the longitude kick in to drive the overall guidance number and we feel good about that.
Noah Poponak: Got it. So for several years in a row prior to this one, you had the first quarter unit number right around 35 and then a pretty steep ramp through the year. So is this year just more level loaded, ex-longitude?
Scott Donnelly: Look I think its more level loaded. If you go back in and look at last year, we've had more normal demand in the marketplace and we have the ability to move aircraft not just for instance in selling in Q3 and Q4 in particular, which is always very high demand, but enough demand in the marketplace that we needed people to move into the next year, which is a good thing, right. So you saw a little more level loaded because you had customers that are taking few more deliveries. And the good news is our level of order activity is also up around that same 12% kind of range or just order activity in Q1 versus Q1 a year ago. Which again I think supports our perspective that that's about the right increased level that we'll see for the year.
Noah Poponak: Got it. Any quantification you can provide on how much your average lead time in the legacy jets has extended versus six to nine months ago? 
Scott Donnelly: No I dont think there has been any change.
Noah Poponak: No major change on that? Okay. And then similarly on the margins in the segment, if you maybe could just dig into those a little more, I mean, especially without the Longitude, it's a pretty strong margin at the 9.3, and you've got the guide for 10 for the year. And similarly, it usually ramps through the year. Will that just also be more level loaded? Or perhaps you could just peel back the onion a little bit on the margin strength in the quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I don't think we're going to get into Aviation margins on a quarter by quarter basis. It means you're certainly right. Generally, the Aviation business, again in large part driven by volumes, which kind of changes as we go through the year, typically sees stronger margins. I think we will see more level loaded  again, the volume is a little more consistent, the revenues are little more consistent so I expect the margins to be a little more consistent. But Q4 will still be a bigger quarter than most quarters, as it always is. And therefore, I would expect to see a little bit better margins in Q4. But I think we'll see strong margin through the course of the year. And again, it should all be consistent with our guide. The first Longitude, when we make those deliveries, will have some dilutive effect. But as you play through that volume, our cost and pricing is in line with what we're expecting it to be, and it will be a great part of the portfolio from a profitability perspective once you get through those first units. So we will have to bear the burden of some dilution of that first four, five aircraft.
Noah Poponak: Got it. Thanks so much.
Scott Donnelly: Okay.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Jon Raviv with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jon Raviv: Hey good morning everyone. Scott, you kind of went through a couple of these  you went through all of the segments. But just any sort of tweaks versus the guidance you offered three months ago? It seems like Aviation and margin was tracking ahead, whereas maybe there are some moving pieces elsewhere. So any kind of tweaks you want to offer in terms of who's running ahead, whos running behind thus far?
Scott Donnelly: No, I think, it's early in the game here. We delivered a great quarter. The businesses position where we expected them to be. And at this point, nothing that would cause us to change anything in the guide.
Jon Raviv: Thanks. And then in auto, in the outlook that you've given for the industrial segment, sales outlook and the margin outlook, what is the auto assumption built in there? And to what extent is it derisked, just because it seems like that you mentioned customers has their plans but maybe those plans can change sometimes.
Scott Donnelly: I think so far, it's tracking as we would expect. And the outlook that we're getting both at sort of the industry role of IHS kind of data, as well as we're what hearing from individual customers in terms of their model mix and expected quantities, it's consistent with our plan. So I think we're in a fine shape in terms of how that business is positioned with respect to our guide.
Jon Raviv: Great, thanks. Thats helpful too.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line Cai von Rumohr with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead. 
Cai von Rumohr: Yes thanks so much. So not to beat dead horse, but could you give us what the net price impact was at Aviation? It was $14 million in the last two quarters. And secondly, the impact of pre-owned transactions in the quarter?
Scott Donnelly: The impact of pre-owned was trivial, Cai, so not a big mover one way or the other. You're going to see pricing impact of around $6 million. That's price.
Frank Connor: That's price.
Scott Donnelly: And then inflation is going to be a little more than that. So one of the things we look the business is terrific performance. But we're a little behind the power curve on price inflation. So you'll see that as a slight drag and, obviously, something we're working on. But the overall performance of the business in terms of driving productivity in total is what drove strong margins, and I would expect that to continue through the year.
Cai von Rumohr: Got it. As we look out to next year, what are your thoughts in terms of when you hope to certify the Denali and the SkyCourier and start to deliver them?
Scott Donnelly: No, Cai, I'm pretty focused on Longitude right now. So we have said that we want to get both aircraft into the flight test program with first flight here by the end of the year. We don't want to go out there yet with expected certification dates. Obviously, that process has been a lot more painful than we expected. So we'll probably take a little time to make sure we understand how that process is going to play out on those aircraft before we commit dates out there.
Cai von Rumohr: Got it. Thats it from me. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Okay.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global. Please go ahead.
Pete Skibitski: Good morning guys. A couple of Bell questions. Scott, I don't know if you mentioned the 525, is that  I guess another certification question. Is that still on track for late this year, sir?
Scott Donnelly: It's still flying. The program is going really, really well in terms of flight test. In terms of an exact date, look, with the FAA our process right now, we're just not going to  we really can't commit a date. We don't really control that process as much as we like to think we do. So we're focused on the flight test, the aircraft is flying spectacularly. So we feel great about where it is. But in terms of getting through this process, we'll have to see.
Pete Skibitski: Okay. And then anything you can share on the air taxi market? Is Bell spending a lot of IR&D on that effort? That might be impacting margins although the performance has been great. I'm just kind of wondering, are they focused more so on the air taxi type of stuff versus kind of more traditional, next-generation commercial helicopters?
Scott Donnelly: Well, so I would say that the vast majority of the R&D that we're spending on any new program starts at this point is more oriented around, obviously, the future vertical lift programs. There is a relatively small amount of R&D that we're spending around some of these new, be they electric or hybrid-type technologies, which probably is the future of a lot of commercial helicopter. There's a lot of work that's gone into these things we call EPTs, which are the really more of a lite cargo. There is clearly a lot of interest in the military for that kind of technology. There's already some RFIs. And we expect RFPs that are coming out. So that work will support the early adopters which, frankly, I think will be more military than commercial. These are not necessarily expensive technologies, but they have a very high value in the combat environment in terms of delivering cargo around the battlefield. And so that technology, I think, will be adopted there first.  On the air taxi, again part of this technology investment is along those lines. But it's a relatively small number because we need to see how does that market really play out, I think, there's a lot of uncertainty. I think if it's going to happen, clearly our team at Bell is some who can design and build aircraft that would fit into that marketplace. But right now, it's something that's a relatively low level of funding compared to where we allocate the things that are more important here in the nearer term, which is primarily around FEL.
Pete Skibitski: Got it. I appreciate the color. 
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Spingarn: Hey good morning. Just a couple of clarifications on some things, Scott. First of all, on the regional, if we look at biz jet demand regionally, is North America still driving the market? Is that where the strength is coming from?
Scott Donnelly: North America still drives the market, but we saw some pretty good order activity in the international markets in the quarter as well. 
Robert Spingarn: Any particular [indiscernible]?
Scott Donnelly: Well we've had some pretty good order activity going into the Chinese market. We've seen a little bit better in some of the European market. But it's still more of a North American story than an international story around jets. 
Robert Spingarn: Based upon reports from different manufacturers, I don't think everybody else is seeing the strength that you're seeing. So would there
Scott Donnelly: Im sorry your line is really breaking out, we cant really get the question. 
Robert Spingarn: I was asking if [indiscernible]?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Im sorry your line is not readable.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. 
Frank Connor: Well why dont we go to the next question?
Operator: My apologies. We do have a follow-up question from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead. 
George Shapiro: Yes. Scott, I mean, you've seen strong used pricing in your market availability down. I mean, youve had strong orders for quite a while now. What does it take to start to increase the legacy production rates? And could that have a positive impact on your guide for this year?
Scott Donnelly: Well, George, we did plan, as we talked about, having an increase in legacy deliveries in the year. And we saw that here in Q1. So I think we will continue to see that. The end market is good. Our order activity again in the quarter on a year-over-year basis was very positive. So I think we have set our expectations around having an increase across all those product lines. And I think well see that for the year for sure.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then just, Scott, on the commercial helicopter business, you said things will be stronger the rest of the year. Can you highlight any of the models that you expect to be stronger?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think its going to be  deliveries are going to be up in virtually every model type, George. And again, the deliveries are never linear, right? So I mean, this is not something that we werent expecting. This is a question of when people are taking deliveries of the aircraft and getting into finishings. So the order activity has been there to support what we have guided for 2019. Its just not a linear delivery schedule.
George Shapiro: I actually had switched and maybe to in Bell  Bells commercial delivery is still what were
Scott Donnelly: No, Im sorry, thats what Im talking about, George. So Bell, the order rate through all of last year on the commercial side has been good. It continues to be good. So the orders are there to support our forecast in terms of deliveries in 2019, and its just a matter of when customer delivery dates are. And thats  theres nothing thats an issue, theres no softness, theres no concern. Its just this is what the delivery plan was in terms of customer dates.
George Shapiro: Okay. Very good. Thanks very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And we will try Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse again. Here we go.
Robert Spingarn: Hopefully, this is a better connection. Can you hear me?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, sir. We can hear you now.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. All right. What I was getting at with the regional strength is, are you perhaps taking share? Weve seen some of your competitors have much weaker demand situations, missing deliveries, et cetera. And I wanted to understand if this is somewhat, driven by share. And then secondarily, how are the tailwinds that we got in the United States from tax reform, et cetera, how are those holding up now?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, the gamma numbers will show whatever the share is. I mean, I think that as again, guys, weve been talking for a long time about the investments we made in new products and our belief that, a, they partly stimulate the market, and if youve got a better product, it helps in terms of being out there and selling in the marketplace. So I like where our product lineup is. I think the guys have done a very nice job on that, and I think were being rewarded for that in the marketplace. But we look, the gamma numbers show what they show. In terms of tax, because as we talked about before, this  I dont think weve been in a particularly a tax situation, thats very different than its been for quite some time. You already had those appreciation. Now you have 100% versus a 50-50 kind of deductibility in the U.S. I think this has been much more driven by our customers having more confidence in whats going on in the economy and their willingness to commit, in most cases, to upgrade their aircraft. And certainly with the used market, that has had a lot lower levels of inventory, a lot more liquidity in terms of time to sell aircraft. All those dynamics are what is creating a more robust end market than what we had seen for many years. So I  but I personally think its a lot more about confidence in whats going on in their businesses than it is a pure tax [point].
Robert Spingarn: Okay. And then just lastly, on the Longitude. Is there a point in time that you need to have certification in order to deliver to your internal plan the quantities for this year?
Scott Donnelly: No, our internal plan wouldve had deliveries starting, frankly, here in Q1. We adjusted those internal plans, again just based on just our expectations for the timeline to get through all the document reviews to plan on Q3.
Robert Spingarn: Yes, thats what Im asking.
Scott Donnelly: No, from a financial standpoint to us, the guide will be a little lighter in Q1 and Q2 than we had expected, but we would expect that will be fully made up in Q3, Q4, the aircraft are being produced, theyre ready to go. So its not an inability for us to respond once that certifications issued.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. Thanks very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And we do have a follow-up question from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Hey. Just wanted to try to better understand the Bell margin and specifically the V-22 transition impact to it. I thought you had said in the past that the transition to the next multiyear from a volume impact perspective was  had a larger impact in 2020 than 2019. And so if thats true, with a positive cumulative catch ups associated with the late stages of the current multiyear, should we be expecting that to kind of last through much of the rest of 2019 and then see the margin drift lower next year? Or does that change occur sooner?
Scott Donnelly: Well, it has some impact this year, right? I mean, a lot of the accum cash on Multiyear IIs are recognized this year. And remember, Noah, now under the revenue recognition system here, we are starting to recognize a lot more revenue on Multiyear III as we go through this year. So its not just  it doesnt just impact actual delivery quarter but as you start to drive revenue associated with those craft, which we are, those are recognized under the margin rates of Multiyear III as opposed to Multiyear II.
Frank Connor: So were going from in the first part of the year, more Multiyear II revenue at Bell than Multiyear III. And that transitions in the second part of the year to more Multiyear III than Multiyear II. And then, obviously, next year, 2020, its Multiyear III. So this is the transition year. And as Scott said, you get the program impacts as you  Multiyear II as you go through winding up that program.
Noah Poponak: Thats really helpful on that first half versus second half mix, Frank. So thank you, thanks a lot.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Thanks a lot. One follow-up question on future vertical lift. You mentioned, Scott that that you guys will have an offering for FARA. And its not something you really talked about a lot. Thats obviously that one that Sikorsky has been pushing as what they would like to see happen first. And theyve kind of taken a view of the radar thats somewhat like you guys have talked about on V-280 and weve got it flying and were racking up hours and stuff. And so how do you see that competition playing out? What can you tell us about the offering that you guys have? And whether you view that as kind of realistic avenue for Bell to go down?
Scott Donnelly: Of course, I think we have a very competitive offering for FARA. We havent talked a lot about it publicly, but I mean look its not going to be a secret for long. We had basically taken the technology that weve invested in pretty significantly over the past number of years on 525. Remember, 525, weve seen this craft flying over 200 knots. And thats a function of the technology that we invested in terms of the rotor technology, the fly-by-wire systems, control systems that has enabled us to field a more conventional helicopter that has very high speed, very efficient, very smooth operating capability. And so what we did basically is taking that technology that we validated in the 525 program and scaling that down to a size and weight thats consistent with the FARA requirement. So if you look at whats required from a speed and performance standpoint to execute the FARA mission, we think we have some technology thats been validated, that can meet that requirement with a much more cost-effective, much more reliable conventional technology. I say conventional, I mean this is obviously a big step in terms of a more conventional rotorcraft, but weve  I think we have a proposal on the table that meets the requirements that can do it in a very cost-effective, very highly reliable and sustainable way.
Seth Seifman: Great. Thank you very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Eric Salander: Okay, everyone. That completes our call for today. Thank you and we will talk to you again in the second quarter.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, todays conference will be available for replay after 10:00 AM today through July 16. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701, entering the access code 457170. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. And those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844, again, entering the access code 457170. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-24 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Textron Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Eric Salander. Please go ahead.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I would like to mention, we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Textron revenues in the quarter were $3.8 billion, down $267 million from last year. During this year's fourth quarter, we recorded $73 million in pre-tax restricting charges or $0.23 per share after tax and other onetime favorable adjustments of $0.10 per share after tax. Excluding these adjustments, adjusted income from continuing operations was $1.15 per share, up $0.41 from last year's fourth quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $284 million compared to $477 million in last year's fourth quarter. For the full-year, revenues were $14 billion, down 2% from a year ago. Adjusted income from continuing operations was $3.34 per share compared to $2.45 last year. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $784 million, down from $872 million last year. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric, and good morning, everybody. Q4 was a very strong quarter. Despite low revenues, margins were up, driven by strong execution in our businesses with year-over-year in op growth of 10% and 160 basis points of margin improvement. At Bell, execution remains strong despite lower revenues from military volumes in the quarter. On the commercial side, we delivered 46 helicopters, up from 45 in last year's fourth quarter. In the quarter, we achieved, both FAA and the asset certification of 407GXi, which offers next-generation pilot experience, connectivity, precision navigation, and enhanced engine controls. Also in the quarter, Bell 505 Jet Ranger X fleet reached 10,000 flight hours worldwide, achieving the milestone in less than two years since entering service. In December, the Sacramento Police Department became the first police agency to take delivery of the law enforcement-configured 505, continuing to demonstrate the mission versatility of the aircraft. On the military side that was awarded $188 million for five additional V-22s as part of the Multiyear III contract modification. That also received a multiyear contract to provide logistics and repair services for the U.S. Navy and Air Forces V-22 fleets with $277 million in backlog for year one and options for an additional two years. Also in the quarter, the Royal Bahraini Air Force announced an order for 12 AH-1Z Viper attack helicopters at a ceremony at Novembers Bahrain air show. This is one of many foreign military opportunities for the H1 platform that we're continuing to pursue. On the new product front, Bell marked the anniversary of the V-280s first flight in December. Since its first flight one year ago, the V-280 has completed over 80 flight hours and has now exceeded 280 knots true airspeed with in-flight transitions between cruise mode and vertical takeoff and landing. We're excited to continue demonstrating the agility, maneuverability, and operational readiness of this innovative and technically advanced aircraft. At Systems, revenues were down on lower TAPV delivers at Textron Marine & Land Systems and lower volume at Unmanned Systems. In the quarter, Textron Marine & Land Systems received $314 million contract modification in support of the U.S. Navy Ship-to-Shore Connector program for the procurement of long lead material on the first production lot. We continue to make progress on the current engineering and manufacturing development contract with first two craft in test with deliveries anticipated this year. Also in the quarter, Textron Systems received $152 million multi-year contract to provide Shadow Tactical UAS contractor logistics support, aircraft production and ground control equipment through mid-2020. Textron Systems also was awarded a multiyear contract from NAVAIR for upto $401 million to conduct intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance services with Aerosonde unmanned air vehicle. Moving to Industrial, revenues were lower in the quarter, primarily reflecting the disposition of the Tools & Test business. This week, Textron Specialized Vehicles announced a partnership with Bass Pro Shops and Tracker Marine, to launch a line of Tracker Off Road brand in side-by-sides and ATVs. Bass Pro Shops is the world's leading outdoor retailer with a network of nearly 200 destination retail stores and 575 independent Tracker Marine dealers. Combination of Trackers brand strength and established dealer network and our own expertise in designing and manufacturing, advanced powersports products will provide us the foundation necessary to accelerate our growth in this industry. At Textron GSE, our ground support business received an order for 56 TUG tow tractors from Envoy Air, the largest regional carrier for American Airlines. 2018, we saw growth in revenue and operating margin at Textron GSE and expect to see this trend continue in 2019. Also in the quarter, Kautex won a contract for its first hybrid fuel system with the Renault Nissan Mitsubishi Alliance in Japan as Kautex continues to grow in the plug-in hybrid electric vehicle segment. Moving to Textron Aviation, revenues were up $1.6 billion, up 12%. In the quarter, we delivered 63 jets, up from 58 last year; and 67 commercial turboprops, up from 45 in last year's fourth quarter. For the full year, we delivered 188 jets, up from last years 180; and 186 commercial turboprops, up from 155 last year. We continue to see strong orders across Citation business jet portfolio, which resulted in quarterly order growth, both sequentially and on a year-over-year basis in each quarter of the year. On the new product front, the Citation Longitude received its provisional type certification in the quarter, allowing operators to begin flight training in preparation for deliveries in 2019 as we prepare for final type certification. To sum up, 2018 was a strong year for our businesses. We continued our strategy of investing in new products and leveraging operations to drive earnings growth and margin expansion across Aviation, Bell and Systems while returning significant capital to shareholders. While we're disciplined in our Industrial results due to performance of our specialized vehicle business, weve implemented a number of changes, we made several leadership changes, rationalized product lines, reduced the manufacturing footprint, implemented a cost reduction program and launched a new distribution partnership for our powersports product, all of which we expect will position the business for success going forward. Looking across all the segments, we have many other items to highlight. At Bell, we received significant procurement contracts on key V-22 and H-1 platforms from our U.S. customer. We also opened our new Advanced Vertical Lift Center in Arlington, Virginia allowing Bells military customers, partners and policymakers to gain exposure to our technology for the future vertical lift including V-280 and unmanned V-247. On the commercial side, we continue to see an increased demand across the portfolio. We delivered 192 commercial helicopters in 2018, up from 132 a year ago as our customers continue to acquire our aircraft for a variety of missions. For 2019, we'll continue to ramp production of the 505, and we're increasing production rates on other models based upon increased customer demand. At Textron systems, we continue to see good progress including follow-on orders for our unmanned surface vessel, additional fee-for-service task orders with Unmanned Systems and the award of procurement contracts being ramped with U.S. Navy Ship-to-Shore Connector production program. We also announced our intent to form a joint venture between TRU Simulation and Training and FlightSafety International to better serve our Textron Aviation customers. Textron Aviation experienced improved jet order intake throughout the year. For the second consecutive year, the Latitude earned the title of the Most Delivered Business Jets in the Midsize Category, while the Longitude successfully circumnavigated the globe, demonstrating its commanding performance and reliability to customer along the way. We announced the expanded relationship between the Textron Aviation and NetJets, reaching agreement to purchase 175 Longitudes and 150 Hemispheres. Success of these platforms demonstrates the importance of new product introductions in this competitive segment. On the new product front, we advanced our two new turboprop programs, unveiling a full-scale mockup of the SkyCourier and NBAA, and a full-scale mockup for the Denali of Experimental Aircraft Aviation show. Both aircraft continue to make good progress and are expected to make their first flights in 2019. With these accomplishments behind us, we're well-positioned coming into the year. As we look at Textron's 2019 financial guidance, we're projecting revenues of about $14 billion. At Bell, were expecting strong execution again in 2019 with flat revenues of lower V-22 production is offset by higher commercial volumes. At Systems, 2019 is an important transition year as we move the Ship-to-Shore program from development to production. At Industrial, we expect better execution in our specialized vehicle business to drive improved profitability. At Aviation, we're projecting continued growth on increased aircraft deliveries across the portfolio, including the Longitude and a double-digit operating margin in 2019. We're projecting EPS from continuing operations in the range of $3.55 to $3.75 per share and manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions to be in the range of $700 million to $800 million. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $397 million, up $37 million from the fourth quarter of 2017 on a $267 million decrease in revenue. Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. At Textron Aviation, revenues of $1.6 billion were up 12% from this period last year due to higher volume and mix across the jet and commercial turboprop product lines as well as favorable pricing. Segment profit was $170 million, up from $120 million a year ago due to higher volumes and favorable pricing. Operating margin at this segment was 11%, up 240 basis points from last year. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1.8 billion, about flat from the end of the third quarter. Looking to Bell, revenues were $827 million, down from $983 million last year, primarily on lower military volume. Segment profit of $108 million was down $6 million, largely on lower military volume, partially offset by favorable performance. Operating margin at the segment was 13.1%, up 150 basis points from last year. Backlog in this segment was $5.8 billion at the end of the quarter, up $100 million from the end of the third quarter. At Textron Systems, revenues were $345 million, down from $489 million a year ago, reflecting lower TAPV deliveries at Textron Marine & Land Systems and lower Unmanned Systems volume. Segment profit of $37 million was flat with last year's fourth quarter, with lower volume and mix offset by favorable performance. Operating margin at the segment was 10.7%, up 310 basis points from last year. Backlog in the segment was $1.5 billion, up about $300 million from the end of the third quarter. Industrial revenues were $1 billion, down 12%, largely related to the disposition of our Tools & Test product line. Segment profit was $73 million, down $10 million from the fourth quarter last year, largely due to the impact from the disposition. Favorable performance reflecting a positive impact of $17 million related to patent infringement matter was offset by inflation and mix. Operating margin at the segment was 7.2%, about flat with last year. Finance segment revenues increased $3 million and profit increased $3 million. Moving below segment profit. Corporate expenses were $12 million, down $32 million from last year's fourth quarter, largely due to lower stock-based compensation expense. Interest expense was $34 million, a decrease of $4 million compared to last year. With respect to our restructuring plan, we recorded pre-tax charges of $73 million on the special charges line in the quarter. We ended the year with manufacturing debt of $3.1 billion. For the full-year, we repurchased approximately 29 million shares at an overall cost of about $1.8 billion.  Turning now to our 2019 outlook, I'll begin with our segments on slide nine of the earnings call presentation. At Textron Aviation, we're expecting revenues of about $5.5 billion, reflecting higher volumes across our commercial product lines. Segment margin is expected to be approximately 10%, reflecting higher volume and improved performance. Looking to Bell, we expect overall revenues will be flat at about $3.2 billion, reflecting lower military volumes, offset by higher commercial volumes. Were forecasting a margin of about 12.5%. At Systems, were estimating lower 2019 revenues of about $1.4 billion, reflecting lower volumes at Textron Marine & Land Systems and Unmanned Systems. Segment margin is expected to be about 9%. At Industrial, we're expecting segment revenue of about $3.8 billion and a margin of about 7%. At Finance, were forecasting segment profit of about $20 million. Turning to slide 10, based on the U.S. planned discount rate of 4.35%, were estimating 2019 pension income to be about $10 million versus pension cost of about $33 million last year. Turning to slide 11, R&D is expected to be about $620 million, down from $643 million in 2018. We're estimating CapEx will be about $380 million, up from $369 million last year. Moving below the segment line and looking at like 12, we're projecting about $140 million for corporate expense, a $145 million for interest expense, and a full-year effective tax rate of about 20%. Our outlook assumes an average share count of about 233 million shares as we continue to deploy the majority of our free cash flow toward share repurchase in 2019. That concludes our prepared remarks. So, Greg, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Peter Arment from Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter Arment: I guess, a question on Bell. Frank, you mentioned the 12.5% margins. That's a little better than I think we were expecting. Is there any differences on the first half versus second half just based on the cadence of your volume?
Frank Connor: In the outlook side of things?
Peter Arment: Yes. I mean, outlook, yes. Thank you, Frank.
Frank Connor: Yes. No, it'll be, kind of -- well, we don't expect a lot of quarter-to-quarter variation except for obviously kind of we do see differences depending on program review. So, there's no kind of significant mix issue associated with quarter-to-quarter, but it all depend on the program review.
Peter Arment: Okay. If I could squeeze one more, just on -- I dont know if I missed this Scott in your preamble. Did you mention what a total delivery number will be for Aviation for the year?
Scott Donnelly: No. Peter, we don't give that. We just gave -- I mean obviously the increase of about $0.5 billion in terms of total revenue, but not a breakdown by exact numbers of aircraft.
Peter Arment: Okay, appreciate it. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ron Epstein: With the volatility we saw in December, and it seems to be continuing a little bit into this year and all the concerns about global growth. Have you seen to have any impact on I guess broadly, any of your businesses but most specifically at Textron Aviation?
Scott Donnelly: No, we're really haven't, Ron. I mean, obviously we have -- I mean, I certainly appreciate the volatility going on in the stock markets. But, I would say that the sense we get from most of our customers is the underlying economy is still in good shape. And even if you have a little bit lower growth, there is -- still things are in a good place for their businesses. And I guess, from a pure technical standpoint, to have a book-to-bill that's pretty much right at 1, slightly over 1 in the fourth quarter is a pretty strong sign of continued strong order flows. So, we certainly didn't see it reflect in the actual orders that were taken, and in terms of the sense of customers and activity that's still ongoing, still getting very positive feedback from our sales teams.
Ron Epstein: Okay, great. And then, it seems like at Bell, that favorable performance is a theme. But, when we -- and I think weve talked about this a bit in the past. When we think about 2019, how do we think about call it, the positive estimates of completion in the defense contracts at Bell when we think about modeling it this year?
Scott Donnelly: I think we're -- the guidance actually is down a little bit from what we achieved this year. And I'd say, the primary driver of that is that when you round out, we'll finish up a lot of the Multiyear II contracts. As you get towards the end of that you have some management reserve and performance that you're able to release. We'll see a little bit less of that in 2019 because we'll be really transitioning at that point into Multiyear III contract in terms of our cost and therefore revenues. But it's still I think quite strong performance, and 12.5% margin rate delivered by those guys is just showing they're running the business really well, even while investing in some important new things, like the V-280s of the world, so.
Ron Epstein: Got you. And then maybe one last one on Scorpion. Anything new going on there? If you could just update us on that?
Scott Donnelly: No, there's not. I mean, I'm sure you guys have seen the sort of press articles and whatnot around the future of light attack. And frankly, we read all these things too. We're not entirely sure where all that's going, but I'm sure we'll see more clearly what's happening here in the coming few months.
Ron Epstein: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Congratulations on a good quarter. I think this is the first 11% Aviation margin you've had since 2009. Just on that, can you talk about the entrance of the Longitude coming into the market, and how you're thinking about 100 basis points of improvement within Aviation for 2019?
Scott Donnelly: I think when you look at the growth, obviously a big chunk of the growth in revenue we'll see year-over-year, Sheila, is tied into the Longitude. The aircraft is in, I think, a very good place. The production line is rolling. We've actually tweaked production up just a touch because obviously, with the NetJets announcement, they'll start taking deliveries in the latter part of next year. Retail demand is also strong. So, obviously, we'll see the first few will have some dilution from our normal margin right here at the beginning of the year. But in terms of the production line and the cost and what we're seeing, we think we're going to have a product that hits the market in terms of performance and cost, and the demand seems strong in the market. So, we're pretty excited about it.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: And then on Industrial, maybe can you provide an update on where you are with the restructuring? What the size of the specialized vehicle business look like? Your spot in it with this progress on the dealer channel and the product update?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think the actions that we took in the fourth quarter were largely around sort of addressing some of the cost issues, adjusting some of the product portfolio, frankly some of that on the curbside, a couple of product lines that we chose to exit. We just didn't see that that was going to be a long-term profitable business for in some of those particular product lines. So, we exited some of those things. So, between the cost and some of the portfolio and manufacturing footprint rationalization that largely happened in the fourth quarter. We'll see a little of that trickle here into the first quarter, but most of it is behind us. So, I think that the team has a very good plan and is executing quite well in terms of getting our arms around the operational side. Obviously, the other thing, which we've talked about in the past, is something that would be a more difficult thing. Something that takes longer to build out is the distribution and addressing that side of it. This partnership that we announced with Bass Pro and Tracker is obviously something we're very excited about. Building out a distribution and a strong retail channel is quite difficult, so the opportunity to partner with the guy that's the best in the world at that, I think, will be a great thing for the business in that mid- to longer term. So we're obviously, working very closely with them right now on the rollout of product into that channel. So as we look at 2019, I think we're in a -- we're obviously, in a much, much better place than where we were. So I think what the team is focused on, our operations and now growing out the new distribution channel, will be resulting in delivering a good year, I think, and then with good momentum going into 2020 and beyond.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Strauss from Barclays. Please go ahead. 
David Strauss: Thanks good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
David Strauss: When you touched on the cash guidance, it looks like 2018 on a cash flow from ops came in a little bit light. I was thinking that has something to do with the delays in the Longitude and maybe some inventory build there. But it looks like you're assuming a still a pretty significant drag from a working capital perspective in 19.
Frank Connor: No, I mean, cash flow was kind of in line for '18 with kind of where we expected. We had some puts and takes, obviously. Kind of some of the performance specialized vehicles put a little bit of pressure on cash. But other -- the businesses did really well. We talked about one of the things that has been going on is there is a change in payment terms as we move from Multiyear II to Multiyear III, where we get less cash relative to percentage complete or kind of effort as we go forward. So we are seeing a little bit of drag on cash associated with that. Saw a little bit in '18, see a little bit more of that in '19 that is putting some kind of pressure overall on cash flow. But it's not a working capital issue. It's a timing of payments from the government on military programs. It's creating a little bit of drag.
David Strauss: Okay. And Scott, on Cessna, I think in '18 you talked about rather than taking production rates up, your kind of tweaking at the margin, getting a couple of extra airplanes off of a couple of different lines. Have you -- did you actually take rates up in 18 or are you taking rates up again in '19? I'm talking everything ex Longitude.
Scott Donnelly: Okay, but I mean it's a process that's sort of a continuous process, right. We don't kind of have a magic date where we decide that. But I guess, I would say that as we've seen the demands continuing to strengthen in 2018, we did make a decision -- again, ex Longitude, to take up some of those rates. So I think whether you're looking at Latitudes, CJ4s, I mean, it's in sort of across the range. Based on that demand, we have been increasing the flow rate in those lines as we worked our way through '18 with, obviously, expectations we'll see some higher deliveries of each of those models in 2019.
David Strauss: All right, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Vertical Research. Please go ahead. 
Robert Stallard: Scott, a couple of quick ones. First of all, has the government shutdown had any impact on your business, particularly with the FAA clearance of the Longitude?
Scott Donnelly: Not yet, I would say, Robert. So we -- on the document front, which is really where we are on Longitude and have been for a while, the teams continue to do their work. The good news is that virtually all those documents are delegated to us, so that work is continuing unimpeded by the FAA guys not being in. When we finish all that, which is not too far down the line here, obviously, FAA has to issue that final type certification. And that is something -- I mean, we're obviously, we're not delegated to do that. So I would say in the next month, no, it doesn't have an effect on us. But we will reach a point here where we will need the FAA to issue the type certification.
Robert Stallard: Okay. And then secondly, in Industrial. There's been some nerves about what's going on in the automotive market. I'm wondering what you've seen at Kautex in the last 3 months. And what your expectations are there for 2019?
Scott Donnelly : Well, I think we saw some softness on OEMs, generally speaking, around the world in 2018. And we work all of our forecasting off IHS data, so I mean we're not an independent forecaster of the automotive market. And those are the numbers will indicate some softening globally, and those are the numbers that are baked into the guidance that we gave you guys.
Robert Stallard:  Okay. That's great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much and good morning. Just to kind of bring together a couple of other questions about Industrial. When we peel back the onion, and we look at the guidance you've given, are you assuming earnings growth at Kautex in 2019, or is a lot of what we're seeing in terms of the, I would say, relatively strong margin you're expecting there coming on the specialized vehicle side?
Scott Donnelly : I would say the automotive side, we expect sort of flattish. And that's, again, based on IHS data. We do have some new product launches, which is helpful to us to offset some of the overall softness. But net, I would say it's relatively flattish on the automotive side of things. So not sure we would give a whole lot more color to it. I think their margin rates should be fine. Most of the margin improvement, obviously, on a year-over-year basis is driven by much better performance coming out of the specialized vehicles side of the Industrial segment.
Seth Seifman: And then when you look at the R&D forecast for this year and looking kind of down, I guess, about $25 million or so. But when you look at the different moving pieces within our R&D, is there anything that's kind of shifting around significantly in terms of where your -- where the investment is going?
Scott Donnelly : No, there aren't big shifts. I mean, we did overspend R&D this year beyond our initial forecast, and also that was aviation really just because of the magnitude of the documentation task on the Longitude side. So obviously, we've had a lot of engineers -- a lot more engineering effort going into that here in the last 6 months than we would ever have expected. But that's obviously behind us and we expensed that as we went through the third and the fourth quarter. And we're expecting to wrap that up here pretty shortly. So that's -- there's no major shifts, I'd say, from business to business. It's just some overspend here. It's been a bigger task than we expected to get through the Longitude cert.
Seth Seifman:  Okay, thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski from Alembic Global. Please go ahead. 
Pete Skibitski: Good morning guys. Hey, Scott, wondering how the snow season has started off for TSV. Has that contributed to the fourth quarter margin? And I just want to get a sense, do you still have a lot of kind excess dirt inventory in the channel, or is that gone at this point?
Scott Donnelly : Well, I'd say the snow season has been okay. I mean, it's been spotty in different areas. I think in the mountainside, particularly this year as we've launched this Alpha One. That thing has been a very hot, top-selling snowmobile. So that stuff has moved very, very nicely. There's been other parts of the country where snow has been a little bit slower, so I'd say it's sort of an average year maybe. On the dirt side, because we discussed in the third quarter, there was too much inventory out there. We've been working through that. And -- I mean, it's still there but it's -- but it goes down every week.
Pete Skibitski: Okay, great. And then just one thing I'm not clear on. The -- you got the provisional certification for the Longitude. Did you book some revenue in the fourth quarter on the Longitude?
Scott Donnelly : No.
Pete Skibitski: You didnt?
Scott Donnelly : No, we did not. We did not transfer title of any aircraft. It just gave the ability for those aircraft to be available to use if needed for pilot training. I mean, we're actually doing a fair bit of that and using our own experimental aircraft to help with that. But it will allow the -- those customers to use the aircraft. And there were also some programs -- international programs and special missions where you had to demonstrate to them sort of a completion of at least the flight testing phase, which we're able to do. So -- but no, we did not transfer any title nor take any revenue recognition on those aircraft.
Pete Skibitski: And then the first quarter, if we -- the shutdown continues and you don't get the full cert in the first quarter, do you expect to book any revenue there just on title transfer?
Scott Donnelly : No, no. If we're not able to get the final cert, we wouldn't be able to do that.
Pete Skibitski: Okay. Thanks for the clarification. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Raviv from Citi. Please go ahead. 
Jon Raviv: On aviation margin, this one, can you dig a little bit more into some of the drivers of the improvement in 2019? From volume? I know you've made some manufacturing improvements, maybe pricing as well.
Scott Donnelly : Oh, absolutely. No, we continue to see price improvement, so it's sort of all of the above, right. I mean, we had some benefits, obviously, to volume. I think the factories and efficiencies and productivity, the team is doing a terrific job of that. And if you look at price improvement again in the quarter, it was consistent with all we've been -- I'm talking about all year. We continue to see price ahead of inflation, and that's also contributing to the higher margin rate.
Jon Raviv: And any perspective on how much more room there might be to run in terms of that margin? I know we talked about reaching for double digit previously. Here we are in 2019. Going beyond these things, is there business for normalized -- more normalized margin for aviation longer term?
Scott Donnelly: Like I said, we're only probably going to guide one year at a time here for sure. We're working obviously hard to continue to drive that margin. We certainly see 2019 as getting this thing back up into the double-digit number for the full year. And so, you would expect to see -- and I think you will see incremental margins on a year-over-year basis as we go through each of the quarters and have a total year where we get a nice 100 basis points or more margin expansion for the business. And again, that's driven by having some good volume of good gross margin product coming through, ongoing efficiency and productivity. And we are continuing to drive price. I mean, you will probably see a little bit better volume here in the legacy models, but that's also with a little bit of price benefit as well.
Jon Raviv: Okay. So, no 2025 guidance, Scott? 
Scott Donnelly: Not just yet.
Jon Raviv: Okay, all right.
Scott Donnelly: But, we'll think about it.
Jon Raviv: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Yes, good morning. And I apologize if these questions are duplicate because I've had no power here. My cell service is spotty.
Scott Donnelly: Thats all right, George.
George Shapiro: Scott, could you comment on the Aviation through the quarter? I mean, there was some rumors that December slowed. I was wondering if you saw that and how you're seeing things into January as well.
Scott Donnelly: No, George, we did not see that. And I did comment earlier. We saw a book-to-bill at 1 to 1 in the fourth quarter which, for the heaviest delivery quarter of the year, is something that we would not normally expect to see. And I think that just reflects that we're continuing to see good demand in the marketplace. Our sales teams are still feeling good about where things are. There's still an awful lot of customer activity, and it's fairly broadly across the product portfolio. It's Longitude, it's Latitudes, Sovereigns, CJs. I mean, it's a -- I think it's a -- we continue to see a pretty strong market. The use available of any kind of newer aircraft continues to be at extraordinarily low levels. Those aircraft move fairly quickly. It's a healthy market right now.
George Shapiro: And then a question maybe for Frank. The Industrial revenue guide for '19 seems a little bit low. I mean, Tools & Test is in a full year that you had -- that you're backing out here. Is that lower Kautex revenues here, assuming even though you said flattish profits, or is it SPV less? If you'd give a little bit more color on that.
Frank Connor: I think as -- well, there's about $250 million of revenue kind of from Tools & Test. So that's obviously a pretty meaningful headwind of coming output. As Scott mentioned earlier, kind of at Kautex, we -- based on the IHS data, we expect kind of flattish type of numbers. And as we look at the specialized vehicle business, obviously, we're focused on performance, improved profitability there. We've taken some restructuring actions to actually kind of get out of a few product lines. So that's putting a little bit of headwind on things. And we're just, therefore, planning relatively flattish when you look at all that. But where the focus is on performance of specialized vehicle, without a lot of top line growth.
George Shapiro: And then one last one. The CapEx number, I mean, you wound up a lot lower in '18 than you thought earlier in the year, and you're continuing that trend this year. I mean, what polar ends there that you actually cut out to get the much lower numbers?
Scott Donnelly : George, I think there was some lower CapEx spending in pursuit of some of these military programs for providing [red error] aggressive forces. A proposal for the big one has already been submitted. We expect to find out if we're on that IDIQ list sometime in the mid part of the year. And so that's, I mean, that's a business where you need to make the investment in the assets to provide the service. So we're in that today. It's a great business. We performed well, and we've seen some increase in the hours of our existing customers. Team is doing a great job executing on that. But what we were trying to do is, to the extent we can, obviously, is gate the capital expenditures with the revenue-generating opportunity. So we certainly slowed some of that from '18 into '19.
George Shapiro: Okay, very good. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Hey good morning everyone. 
Scott Donnelly : Good morning. 
Noah Poponak: Frank, I know you spoke to the cash flow a little bit in the prior question. But I was just wondering if it's possible to just sort of bridge the handful of major components in the '19 outlook, growing the EBIT and the earnings, but the cash flow being relatively flat.
Frank Connor: Well, again, no, I don't know how to -- we can take it offline to give you a little bit more color on things. But again, we -- we're not looking at a inventory build or a working capital build. There are changes in the pace of the cash receipt for effort completed on the military side. And so that's the big one. It's still pretty good cash conversion, solid cash conversion off of the after-tax earnings that we're looking at. So there is not any kind of a big change in cash relative to after-tax earnings. And then that pressure on it relative to kind of the rate that we saw in '18 does reflect those slower paces of military bids.
Noah Poponak: Okay. So that's the bigger piece. 
Frank Connor: That is the piece. 
Scott Donnelly : That is the piece, Noah. I mean, if you look at the -- that would -- everything else is sort of bounces around off there. It's really the change in the -- going from sort of these performance-based payments to the way the how are things are done in Multiyear III.
Noah Poponak: And then in the Bell revenue, I guess, where is -- if you can tell us where V-22 is in 2019 relative to the reset that's occurring there, just so we can have the right kind of medium-term trajectory going forward? And then on the commercial side, I know you said higher units. Wasn't sure if you could quantify that and just sort of -- maybe a little bit of a state of the market there just given the fuel price volatility.
Scott Donnelly : Well, I can address the color, I guess, on the commercial side. We do expect units to be up pretty materially next year. 505 continues to ramp, so we'll see some benefit there in terms of additional 505 units. But as we talked about kind of late last year, we have tweaked the production volumes of most of the other product lines as well. So we expect to see stronger deliveries in 407s, 429s, 412. And we're -- it's -- the magnitude varies across all the pieces of the product line, if you will, Noah. But it's certainly -- the demand environment on the commercial side is -- remains strong and has given us a little bit of tailwind on each of the models. In terms of V-22, I mean, not sure you're looking for revenue because it doesn't -- as you know, it doesn't tie up easily to unit deliveries anymore. So, you kind of...
Noah Poponak: That's why I was sort of even -- I guess what I was asking is how much lower does the revenue contribution go as it's resetting to the next multiyear?
Scott Donnelly : I'm not sure. I'm not sure I can say much more than lower. I mean it is lower. Obviously, the -- if you look at Multiyear III coming on, the annualized delivery rates are lower, and so as you can imagine, the cost incurred under the revenue accounting is also lower. I don't know if we could give out the exact number.
Frank Connor: We're seeing pressure on the production side. We are seeing benefit of a larger fleet and kind of flight activity on the support side. So there is some offset to the lower production. It helps things as the fleet continues to grow. But kind of overall, as we transition into Multiyear III, as we talked about, there is pressure on V-22.
Scott Donnelly : Okay. I can stick with my estimate of. 
Noah Poponak: All right. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of David Strauss from Barclays. Please go ahead. 
David Strauss: In terms of the backlog now at aviation, do you have any NetJets Longitude orders in the backlog?
Scott Donnelly : We do. Yes. I mean, David, the way we do this is -- and we've always done this with Latitude, is we basically, as we firm up and commit the tail numbers and firm deposits on those aircraft, we move them into backlog. So it's usually about kind of a rolling 1-year look. And as their first deliveries will be in that Q3, Q4 time frame next year, those -- they firm those units up and deposits, and so they're in the backlog. So we had the NetJets units went into backlog. And we also had obviously, retail units going to the backlog in Q4 as well.
David Strauss: And then on systems, down a little bit again in 2019 relative to 2018. Given the programs there, what's your -- is your expectation in '19 represents the bottom? And systems will grow in 2020?
Scott Donnelly : No. Look, David, I expect so, right. I mean, we have -- as Frank said, the revenues are slightly lower forecast in '19. Principally came out less in terms of the TAPV program. The vehicle deliveries out of Slidell are done. So I mean, there is the support and service, but the unit deliveries are essentially behind us, so we'll see lower revenues associated with that program in 2019, which is fine. We have -- we do have some lower volume in the -- particularly on the Shadow Unmanned programs. We have increased volume on the fee-for-service that kind of offsets some of that. But I think if you look out into the 2020 time frame, we will start to see some revenue in 2019 associated with the long-lead procurements on the Ship-to-Shore production program. But we certainly expect to see that program definitized here in the first half of the year, and you'll start to see increased -- pretty significant increase in revenue as we go into 2020 on the Ship-to-Shore program. Then there's a number of other programs, which I think we have a good chance of adding into the backlog for systems as we work our way through 2019.
David Strauss: And Frank, just a quick follow-up for you. Can you help us mechanically how pension is swinging from an expense item to an income line -- income item. I guess, the discount rate helped you some. But given where I see your asset returns in -- more in 18, I'm kind of surprised we saw that big of a swing.
Frank Connor: And it has to do with the kind of a amortizations associated with gains and losses in prior years. The pension accounting has an averaging and smoothing effect on those gains and losses. So, we're just kind of rolling off of loss amortization and rolling into a better kind of amortization number. And so it's this smoothing effect associated with kind of all of those calculations. We're basically putting some of the amortization associated with things like the financial crisis behind us.
David Strauss: Okay, good for you. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland from Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Carter Copeland: Hey. Good morning, gentlemen.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Carter. 
Carter Copeland: Frank, I wondered if you could just tell us for clarification that the EACs -- the gross EACs? And then, Scott, I wondered if you just can maybe comment on the Longitude. When you think that -- if you think that has a positive mix contribution to segment margin rate in 19, or if that's more of a 2020 phenomenon?
Frank Connor: No program adjustments were $29 million in the quarter.
Scott Donnelly: So Carter, I think if you looked at the -- over the course of the year, we will probably see some dilution to our overall margin rate, and certainly in the first quarter, maybe a little bit into the second quarter. But as we get into sort of the normal line flow in Q3, Q4, we expect Longitude will be a contributor at our sort of standard gross margin, if you will. So it probably has a little bit of a dilution that we're factoring in net from the total year. So you expect probably '20 to see a little bit better than that, because you won't have those initial units. But that is factored in, obviously, to the guidance we're giving you.
Carter Copeland: Okay, that's great color. And one last one, you got a Super Bowl.
Scott Donnelly : Oh this would be a dangerous place to say anything we think Carter. 
Carter Copeland: I know I was just tempting you. Thanks guys for the color. I appreciate it as always. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr from Cowen. Please go ahead. 
Cai von Rumohr: Could you give us a little more color on the Tracker deal? As I read the release, they are coming out with some dirt product under their brand name. Do you produce that product? And kind of what's the basis of your agreement?
Scott Donnelly : So we do. So the whole partnership here, Cai, is that we provide the engineering and manufacturing, and Bass Pro and their Tracker independent dealers provide the distribution channel. So we do talk about it as a partnership. It's not a conventional sort of, hey, we wholesale, and you do retail. We work -- kind of have been working together on the design, the branding, really tailoring this around what Johnny and his team want to take through that channel under the Tracker brand. It's a great relationship. We're sort of a both guys win kind of a deal. They are a great company, got a lot of great people. Nobody knows the retail side of outdoor sports like they do. So it's been something where we bring sort of the technical and manufacturing capability, and they bring the branding and distribution side.
Cai von Rumohr: And do they do snow also, or is it only -- is it only Off Road?
Scott Donnelly : They will do some snow in some of their stores, obviously, in selected regions. And where they do that, they will do that under the Arctic Cat brand. Because the Arctic Cat brand is -- I mean, that obviously, that brand stands for itself in the snow side.
Cai von Rumohr: Got it. And then -- so turning to aviation. Could you give us what the net price impact was in the fourth quarter?
Scott Donnelly : And you'll see the numbers when they come out. We had net price of $14 million, consistent with what we saw in the third quarter actually.
Cai von Rumohr: Okay. And then R&D, it's down -- projected to be down $23 million. Is that all likely to be at aviation? Give us some color on terms of what's down and what's up.
Scott Donnelly : Well, as you know, Cai, we don't usually bake at this thing. But I would say -- the color I would say is that we really overspent a little bit, and it was primarily in aviation, and it was primarily just because of the magnitude of the Longitude cert activity. So there are not big shifts between the businesses. So, I would expect that we would see somewhat lower R&D spending in the aviation business in 2019.
Cai von Rumohr: Terrific. And last one. So, where are we with the Denali sky tracker and Hemisphere?
Scott Donnelly : So, both the SkyCourier and the Denali, we're expecting first flights of those aircraft this year. I think, the program is progressing well. I mean, our teams are a little bit stretched here with a lot of our engineering resource being tied up on the Longitude, but they're working hard to get those first flights this year. So I think those programs are in good shape. The Hemisphere, as we talked about, is -- there is work going on, obviously, from our concept design and whatnot as we work with NetJets on the specification of that aircraft. We will not ramp a lot of spending into that until after we're confident that the engine program is in good shape. And we expect that's kind of a -- we will understand where that is exactly as we get kind of more into the midyear time frame.
Cai von Rumohr: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Jon Raviv from Citi. Please go ahead. 
Jon Raviv: Scott, on Longitude, can you just give us sort of a state of the union address here in terms of kind of what has happened? Your perspective on the fixes that you've all proposed, the acceptance of those fixes, and kind of like what is actually left to do here to get final certification, shutdown notwithstanding.
Scott Donnelly: Boy, you got me. But the state of the thing is that the flight testing program has been done for some time. The last issue that we had that was something we really had to work with FAA was around this -- the fuel system. That was resolved. It was flight tested. It's -- I mean, that's behind us. And we're just doing documentation. It's rather staggering. I think we're -- I know we're getting close. I was down with the team about a week or so ago. But just to give you a sense, we're up to 157,000 pages of certification documents. It is truly mind-boggling. But the vast, vast majority of that is behind us. We got teams that have been working really hard to get the final documents completed. But I mean now, as I said, flight test is done. There is not a -- there's no technical issue. It's just something that we have to finalize these documents and get done.
Jon Raviv: Yes, understood. And then on the new distribution agreement. Is there any -- the way these agreements have been structured, is there any difference in terms of profitability, opportunity when you go kind of into a more tailored approach like this, or once these distribution channels get fully set up, can we see even more improvement in that business from a margin perspective?
Scott Donnelly: I think we expect it to not be very different. It should be a nice healthy margin. So I mean, it's certainly structured that way. As I kind of alluded with Cai, this is a win-win for both companies. So both we and the Bass Pro team are equally incentivized to make sure that this is a good, profitable program.
Jon Raviv: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research. Please go ahead. 
George Shapiro: Yes. Just a quick one, Frank. How much was aviation -- what was Aviation aftermarket in the quarter compared to last year, up?
Frank Connor: So it was flat on a kind of adjusted basis to kind of adjust for the change that we had in the engine program revenues. So kind of flat for the quarter, 4% on a like-for-like for the year.
George Shapiro: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. Seth, your line is open.
Seth Seifman: Sorry, I think I was on mute there. Just a quick one on V-280. Scott, can you talk about maybe the range of outcomes that you're thinking about for V-280 in the '20 budget? What would be considered good? Is there some kind of commitment that you guys have to have? And how that might affect -- how -- whether it's a lot or a little that's in the budget? How that might affect your pace of spending on V-280 going forward?
Scott Donnelly : Well, it'll affect our pace a lot. And so I mean, we have no insight into what the [PB-20] looks like at this stage of the game. We're certainly encouraged by the dialogue that we've had and I think the army has had publicly around their desire to accelerate these programs, both Cap Set 1 and Cap Set 3. So we would certainly hope to hear shortly, to start to see that -- those statements turn into some contracted work. As I said earlier, look, we've now exceeded 280 knots. I think our team has done everything we've asked of them to design and build a terrific aircraft. Its maneuverability is understanding. It's been demonstrated. So it's sort of debunked all these notions that to order product can't have the maneuverability of a more conventional aircraft, the speed now going through and then breaking through that 280 knot performance envelope. This thing does everything and more than it was expected to do. So at this point, look, we'll have no choice but to roll back any funding that we put into it, waiting to see what the army is going to do, because we've done what we can do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Scott, I'd love to hear your latest thoughts on Cessna product strategy, bigger picture. I mean, you had these launches at the high end of your product set that are going well for you. But it's still competitive out there. There's people that project that you guys may replace some of the stuff in the middle of your product portfolio. But -- and I know over time, you want to invest to grow, but you also probably don't want to just be constantly, perpetually spending to grow. And so I'm just curious what you're thinking your medium- to long-term next steps are.
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think the -- I mean, we have a pretty full plate right now. I mean, obviously, we're thrilled with how the Latitude has gone. We are thrilled with where the Longitude is and how its reception is in the market. Obviously, we feel great about the prospects of Hemisphere. We got the engine thing resolved particularly with the NetJets launch, and again, our belief in what these new products do to drive growth. So, we're certainly prepared to move on, on that. And Denali and the SkyCourier, we think are both going to be home run products. So I mean, we're just -- we're pretty loaded up right now. So, I'm probably not in a position. I mean, we do product planning, look at this stuff all the time. But, there's certainly nothing that we're prepared to announce beyond that right now. I think we're pretty full up with a lot of exciting programs. It will be terrific for the future of the business. 
Noah Poponak: That makes sense. And Frank, just two clean-ups. So, one is pension question. Where does that year-over-year change fall, just so we can look at the underlying? And then on getting the tax rate down to 20%, is that -- is there anything that's specific to only 19 in that, or should we be plugging that in as far as we're going?
Frank Connor: Yes, I mean, the pension change kind of falls throughout the operation. So it's obviously kind of baked into the guidance. Some of it gets kind of inventoried, but most of it is P&L. And that's in the various operational performance of the segments.
Noah Poponak: Is it heavier in one segment? But I guess, I meant
Frank Connor: No, I mean not. 
Noah Poponak: It's pretty spread out? 
Frank Connor: Yes, it's pretty spread out. On the -- sorry, what was the other question? 
Noah Poponak: Tax rate. 
Frank Connor: Tax rate. So tax rate, no, as we've indicated, there's -- it's probably in the low 20s kind of go-forward basis, not kind of at 20%. So we expect a little bit of benefit for some discrete items in '19. Obviously, we continue to work it for the future. But it wants to be a little higher than that longer term.
Noah Poponak: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions.
Scott Donnelly: Okay. Everyone, thank you very much. And we'll be talking at the end of the first quarter.
Operator: Ladies gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10 a.m. Eastern Time today through April 16th. You may access the AT&T Teleconference Replay System at anytime by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 431863. International participants dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701 or 320-365-3844 with the access code 431863. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-18 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Salander - VP, IR Scott Donnelly - Chairman & CEO Frank Connor - CFO
Analysts: George Shapiro - Shapiro Research Jon Raviv - Citi Seth Seifman - J.P. Morgan Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley Carter Copeland - Melius Research Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company Pete Skibitski - Alembic Global Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies Peter Arment - Baird David Strauss - Barclays Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Kristine Liwag - Bank of America Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Textron Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Eric Salander. Please go ahead.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Brad, and good morning everyone. Before we begin, I would like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various Risk Factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Textron's revenues in the quarter were $3.2 billion, down $284 million from last year's third quarter. During this year's third quarter, we recorded an after-tax gain of $410 million related to the sale of the tools and test product line for $1.65 per share. Excluding this item, adjusted income from continuing operations was $0.61 per share, down $0.04 from last year's third quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions totaled $259 million compared to $281 million in last year's third quarter. With that, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric, and good morning everybody. Revenue was down in the quarter primarily driven by the tools and test acquisition with an industrial and lower TAPV volumes with systems as that program continues to runoff. Segment profit was down in the quarter largely due to lower profit in Industrial which more than offset higher profit at Bell and Aviation. At Industrial, segment profit was breakeven primarily due to unfavorable operating performance in specialized vehicles. Specialized vehicles has undergone significant change over the past two years, as we have expanded the product portfolio. While we've seen increasing revenue in the segment, we haven't seen the planned level of growth or do the operating levers necessary to support the expected returns. We've made progress on new product introductions and continue to be encouraged by the favorable trends in the power sports market but we need to work on our go-to-market strategy and focus on cost performance. We are focused on driving improvements in this business and believe that we have valuable power of our portfolio moving forward. Moving to Bell, profits were up in the quarter, and operating margin expanded on slightly lower revenues. On the commercial side, we delivered 43 helicopters up from 39 in last year's third quarter. In the quarter, we further expanded the global operating footprint of 505 Jet Ranger X with a delivery into Kenya marking the first 505 in Africa. Also in the quarter, the 525 program completed half weather and high altitude testing in Yuma, Arizona, as the aircraft continues to meet or exceed all design specifications as it progresses towards its planned certification in 2019. On the military side, Bell is awarded a $510 million contract for 29 AH-1 helicopters in support of the Marine Corps H-1 upgrade program. We also feature the UH1 at NATO days in Ostrava and Czech Air Force Base -- is the largest security show in Europe as we continue to market this multi aerial aircraft to our international military customers. Moving into military products, the V-280 recently exceeded 250 knots as the team continues to successfully expand the aircraft's flight envelope and validate key performance parameters. Also during the quarter, Bell unveiled a full scale markup of the V-247 unmanned aerial system at Fort Myer in Arlington, Virginia for a review by DoD leadership as well as representatives from the Marine Corps, Navy, and Army, to give them a better understanding of the proposed capabilities of this Group 5 UAS. At systems, revenues were down on lower TAPV deliveries of Textron Marine & Land Systems as we near the end of that program. At Marine & Land Systems we were awarded a $100 million contract for procurement of long lead material to support the U.S. Navy Ship-to-Shore Connector program. Marine & Land Systems also completed pre-delivery inspection and trials of its common unmanned surface vehicle and is now in the development testing phase. Earlier this week, we also announced our intent to form a joint venture between Textron and Flight Safety International to serve our Textron Aviation customers. This combination of capabilities will enable us to provide best-in-class pilot and maintenance training programs to our customers around the world through a more extensive network of training centers. Moving to Textron Aviation, I would like to address the change in leadership that I announced last Friday, with the deployment of Ron Draper as CEO of the Aviation segment succeeding Scott Ernest who has moved to Textron's Specialized Vehicles as their new CEO. This move is consistent with our strategy of developing leaders within our businesses. Ron was Textron Aviation's Senior Vice President of Integrated Supply Chain and as such led all aspects of manufacturing operations of Textron Aviation since 2012. Ron has a great depth of knowledge about the Aviation business and has led several Textron Aviation's most impactful strategic initiatives to-date including the successful integration of our Cessna Beechcraft operations, expansion of our quality management systems, and global sourcing strategies. I'm confident in his abilities to lead Textron Aviation through its next phases of product development and growth. Now looking at the quarter, profits were up for Textron Aviation and operating margin increased on slightly lower revenues. We delivered 41 Jets last year and 43 commercial turboprops down from 57 last year. In the quarter, we saw continued strength in order flow with the backlog finishing up over $200 million from the end of last quarter. On the new product front, we would be on functional and reliability testing on the citation longitude with the FAA putting the aircraft on track for certification and first deliveries in the fourth quarter. We remain committed to investing in the industry-leading aircraft across our product lines and are looking forward to building on the success of the latitude with the Longitude's class-leading performance, operating efficiency, and an outstanding quite cabin. At NBAA this week we announced expanded relationship between Textron Aviation and NetJets, reaching an agreement for an option to purchase up to 175 Longitudes with anticipated deliveries beginning in the second half of 2019. In addition to the Longitude agreement, we also announced that we reached an agreement with NetJets as the launch customer for the upcoming Cessna Citation Hemisphere with an option to purchase up to 150 aircraft. We are excited to partner with NetJets in design of this new aircraft. We believe the Hemisphere will be truly revolutionary aircraft and represent the first new clean sheet design in the $30 million to $40 million large-cabin jet segment in more than 20 years. With that, I will turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $245 million, down $50 million from the third quarter of 2017, on a $284 million decrease in revenue. Let's review how each of the segments contributed starting with Industrial. Industrial revenues decreased $112 million largely related to the disposition of our tools and test product line. Segment profit was down $48 million from the third quarter of 2017 largely due to unfavorable price and performance and the impact from the tools and test disposition. Moving to Bell, revenues were down $42 million primarily on commercial mix, partially offset by higher military revenues. Segment profit increased $7 million from the third quarter in 2017 largely the result of favorable performance on military programs, partially offset by commercial mix. Backlog in the segment was $5.7 billion at the end of the quarter. At Textron Systems, revenues were down $106 million on lower TAPV deliveries at Textron Marine and Land Systems and lower volumes in the simulation training and other product line. Segment profit was down $11 million primarily reflecting the lower net volume. Backlog in the segment was $1.1 billion. At Textron Aviation, revenues were down $21 million from this period last year due to lower volume and mix largely reflecting lower turboprop volume partially offset by favorable pricing. Segment profit was $99 million, up $6 million from a year ago due to favorable price and performance partially offset by the impact of lower volume and mix. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1.8 billion. Finance segment revenues were down $3 million and profit was down $4 million from last year's third quarter. Moving below segment profit, corporate expenses were $29 million compared to $30 million last year. Interest expense was $32 million compared to $37 million a year ago. In the quarter, we booked an after-tax gain of $410 million related to the disposition of tools and test. We also repurchased 7 million shares returning $468 million in cash to shareholders in the quarter. Year-to-date we've repurchased 21.6 million shares returning $1.4 billion in cash to shareholders about $800 million of which reflects the use of proceeds from the sale of tools and test. We now expect the full-year tax rate to be 17%. To wrap up with guidance, we are narrowing our expected full-year adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations to a range of $3.20 to $3.30 per share as compared to our prior outlook of $3.15 to $3.35. We are also reaffirming expected cash flow from continuing operations of the manufacturing group before pension contributions to a range of $750 million to $850 million. That concludes our prepared remarks. So Brad we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question today comes from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Yes, good morning. Scott, in Aviation, the backlog increase was that mainly longitude or was all across the board?
Scott Donnelly: It was across the board, George. I mean we've continued to see the strength we talked about last quarter. I'd say our activity in virtually every class of aircraft remains strong and we feel pretty good about the diversity of that backlog.
George Shapiro: And the weakness in the King Air shipments is that something that's just a one quarter phenomenon because you had been expecting up deliveries this year versus last year?
Scott Donnelly: Yes and we still expect that George. I think all you're seeing in the third quarter here frankly still pretty strong deliveries on both King Air and Caravan. But as you recall last year Q1 and Q2 were very soft and so when orders did come through and the market started to pick up in the third quarter, we had quite a few aircraft that were available based on the production rates. So they were basically aircraft available from the Q1, Q2 production, so we could deliver a lot in the third quarter. This year obviously has been much more linear, reflecting a stronger market and we're absolutely on track for the volumes that we expected for the full-year on material cub market.
George Shapiro: And what was the pricing benefit to Aviation in the quarter?
Scott Donnelly: That number in the Q05 look like 9 --
Frank Connor: Sorry, gross price was 25 and net price was 14.
Scott Donnelly: 14, so.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then just one quick one, on Industrial was there restructuring in that number or kind of what's the plan going forward, I mean you didn't lower the guide that much for the year, so clearly the fourth quarter has got to look better?
Scott Donnelly: Well for sure, so, what George, I think what you're seeing in Industrial in the quarter is primarily as we said driven by the specialized vehicle business and particularly it's around some consumer markets and it's a recognition that we still have more work to do in terms of strengthening that channel and so we recognized a fair bit of that cost here in the quarter, clearly we expect that team to perform better in the fourth quarter. So and I'm sure that they will. We also had just on the auto side, I mean markets third quarter is always the weakest of the year just because we have all the summer shutdowns, so clearly we expect that business also to perform stronger in the fourth quarter. And with respect to overall guidance, George, I think what you are seeing is where we still feel and are very comfortable with the strength that we are seeing in the Aviation market and that's going to deliver above the original guide. I think the same is true with Bell with commercial market and execution that team continues to be very strong. And Systems frankly is I think going to deliver on a good year and exceed their guide. So the strength of those three segments will largely overcome the weakness that we saw this quarter in the Industrial side and which is why we're able to just narrow the guide.
George Shapiro: Okay, thanks. I will let somebody else to ask some questions.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Jon Raviv with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jon Raviv: Hey good morning. On Aviation, just wanted to get a sense Scott of just what you are seeing in terms of that order trend and your confidence or visibility to potentially rising production rates at some point? And then related to that as you raise production rates as you go through this process, would you kind of consider normalized Aviation margin look pretty good in the quarter despite just the turbo being down year-over-year. I know you could explain.
Scott Donnelly: Jon, I think that we expect the trend on the margin to continue. Obviously we're feeling very good about where we're positioned here in Q4 with strong order rates that have occurred through the course of the year. I think our teams I mean obviously we have NBAA going this week, spent a fair bit of time with our sales teams, the level of activity continues to be robust and as we usually do we will tweak production rates as we move through the course of the year. So certainly our expectations we're not certainly not ready to guide for 2019 yet, but we will clearly expect to see volumes continue to increase which will tweak production up. I think in particular, one announcement that we made at the show was the agreement around the Longitudes. Now with that announcement is out there clearly the NetJets team is going to start ramping up with us working on the sales and marketing effort to the fractional community and we expect that team will deliver on Longitude much as we've seen it deliver on latitude in terms of driving volume in the business. So for sure, our expectations on Longitude in terms of its production rate and volume is going to be increased as a result of that announcement.
Jon Raviv: So we've been -- we're just watching out for as with the case of latitude where because it's NetJets and because it's a competitive space there just could be some incremental margin softness as that particular aircraft ramps up?
Scott Donnelly: Jon, the deal that we've struck with NetJets is a fair deal for both sides. I mean obviously NetJets understood that we couldn't do the kind of pricing that we did on the latitude deal but that was not something that worked for us. And I think we've ended in a place where the pricing agreement that's fair little size. So I guess the short answer is clearly just discounted to NetJets as they manage and have to handle all the go-to-market and the sales and operating the aircraft but it's a much more balanced deal and it's a deal that will be good for us, so it's going to be good for them. So, no, I wouldn't expect to see the sort of dilution that we saw in the latitude side.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Seth Seifman with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much and good morning. Scott, I wonder if you could talk about the news we've seen recently about future vertical and the Army approach to that and the desire to kind of move money from legacy programs towards new programs and kind of how your thinking has evolved around what opportunities might be there for Textron and for Bell in the 2020 budget?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean it's a good question, Seth. Obviously the Army and what they've been saying publicly, were very encouraged. I mean clearly we are the guys that have been making pretty significant investments in what we would like to think will be the next-generation of Aviation for the Army. So the fact that they're -- they're not been polygamist about, so right they're saying, we are not expecting some huge increases in budget and we recognize that we need to move money from just continuing to do what we always done and move into the monetization programs. Obviously, we're very encouraged by that. We think the V-280 is in a great place with respect to the KEPZ 3 program and look that's a program we have been working with the Army for years to develop the prototype aircraft and it's doing fabulously in terms of flight test program. There is also discussion around the KEPZ 1 obviously we will compete on that program as well. I think we have some very good ideas that can meet that requirement. So and of course there is beyond those really big programs, there is a number of other things that we are engaged in working with the Army whether it's next-generation weapons, Armor vehicles, I mean there is a lot of opportunity as the Army kind of makes the shift into the monetization programs that I think will be beneficial to us over the years. What I quote an exact number of what we expect to see in 2020's budget or how they are going to move that money; I mean I think that's all still to be determined. But it's certainly seems like a very appropriate way to try to fund their monetization programs and we are excited about the opportunities that could create.
Seth Seifman: Okay. And then maybe as a follow-up, just in the vehicle business, if you could talk a little bit more about what came so sort of throughout this year relative to initial expectations, why is I guess it seems like pricing is very tough, why is pricing so tough, do you still expect that business to do, I was thinking maybe $1.75 billion of sales or so this year and how long do you think it will take to get back to or to get towards maybe high single-digit level of profitability there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think that I don't think this is a problem if overall pricing in the market so much as our team has been going through sort of a painful learning experience about how that channel is managed and how discounting is handled and how that plays out through the course of the year. So it for sure manifest itself in more discounting that we would like to continue to work that channel. I think the team will get better with that and it's things we're learning and I think the team is going to make progress on it as we've talked about before. I think we were on the snow side; I'm a lot more bullish, I think we had some great product introductions last year that got the channel pretty excited. We have a ton of new stuff going in this year. So again when you look at pre-season sales activity and order activity, it's up, recognize that on the dirt side, we missed a better part of last year because some of the product that was sort of in the pipeline wasn't really ready to go and we didn't want to release tools ready. So we are kind of maybe a year behind in terms of the new products feeding into that channel but those things we are introducing now. So I think we will start to see some momentum and a little more excitement in channel as we go forward. But the bottom-line answer is I think the revenue number youre talking about is probably consistent with where we will end up this year but we need to see more growth particularly through that channel.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Rajeev Lalwani with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Rajeev Lalwani: Scott, on the system side can you just talk a little bit about the growth that you saw there obviously TAPV weighed on you this quarter, but I would like to just get a good sense of what the underlying revenues or can likely get some growth going forward?
Scott Donnelly: From a revenue standpoint, Rajeev, I think we're more or less where we expected to be, I mean we're seeing the ramp-down on the TAPV program which we fully expected. I would say we have expected to see a little more coming through on the Ship-to-Shore Connector program. I think that's just a timing issue as we looked at the appropriation bills, I mean they are funding for the volume of Ship-to-Shore Connector as we expected is happening. We just have not reached a definitized contract at this point. As I said in the prepared remarks and I think was out in the press is the Navy continues and gave us another $100 million towards the long lead material to keep that program going at the rate that we expected to be. But it's been coming a little bit later in the year than we originate into our plans. But as we look through the balance of this year and certainly as we start thinking about 2019, we expect to see that program ramping and that should be contrary to the development side of the program, it should be a normal margin business.
Rajeev Lalwani: And just switching gears a little bit on the commercial side at Bell, could you just talk about how deliveries were looking overall maybe putting aside V-505 and just whether or not you are seeing the strength that you have been alluding to previously?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, absolutely, Rajeev. We feel very good about the order activity at Bell, obviously the 505 dominates the numbers of unit delivery and that continues to be a very, very successful program for us. We were -- I mean we always have a mix from quarter-to-quarter obviously on the type of air vehicles in terms of mix of 412, 429, 407, 505, if you will. We certainly expect Q4 to be stronger on both the 412s and the 429 side; those are both relatively late in the quarter but that's just timing of deliveries and customer need days. So I think from our perspective, the commercial market continues to be strong, order activity is good, and well we are actually in a position where we will be tweaking up the production rates on a number of those models to meet the demand we see going forward.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Carter Copeland with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Carter Copeland: Just a couple of quick clarifications, so I'm just piecing this together Scott from your comments, it sounds like the specialized vehicle weakness was isolated to Arctic Cat and I'm just wondering the management change is all related to that as well I would assume, so if you just clarify that would be great? And then secondly Frank just wondered if you could give us some color on the favorable versus unfavorable adjustments at Bell since that seem to be a benefit in the quarter?
Scott Donnelly: So Carter, I would say on TSV, the most fundamental challenge in the business is around particularly the dirt side, the consumer side of that business and that's the area that where we need the most work but when you have some like that going on in the business, it creates enough chaos but it drive down the operating performance in total. Most of that I think we have a very good team in place, they've done a great job in the past and I think they'll recover and the performance and profitability of most of those sort of sub-segments if you will, will do just fine. The area that is going to require the most work and most focus here going forward is around sort of that acquired piece of the business.
Frank Connor: So in terms of performance, Carter, the Bell continued to perform well as they have in other quarters, we saw continuing improvement in our cost position. We saw kind of risk retirement in military programs frankly; we saw the same thing at Systems and in our defense business and Aviation. So overall kind of program net adjustments were $63 million in the quarter but that was kind of spread. The larger part of that was at Bell, but it was spread across our other businesses as well.
Carter Copeland: Okay, great. Thanks and one last one, Scott the pricing benefit you mentioned and quantified in Aviation was that across the board or isolated and any additional color you can give us there?
Scott Donnelly: It was across the board. We have been trying to classify us in every one of the models and we continue to realize it.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Scott, on the vehicle issues here, how long do you think it's going to take to sort this out and do you think there is going to be some additional restructuring charges required?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Robert I think that we are probably a year behind the schedule that we would like to have right. I mean obviously we went into this expecting to be able to generate accretion in year one obviously that's not going to happen as we kind of realize these costs in the quarter. But we still feel with the products coming out, the strength, and again we're kind of seeing this as momentum builds on the snow side we are kind of two launches into the second season. We sort of lost of years in the dirt side I think we're going to see that, so it's probably a one year delay again.
Robert Stallard: Okay. And then secondly on the aerospace side on both the Bell and the Business Jet, I heard you comment on how the aftermarket did in the quarter and what's the growth rate you achieved?
Scott Donnelly: Well the aftermarket I think when you see the numbers, the Cessna was -- or Aviation rather was kind of flattish or was up a little bit on a year-over-year basis. I think part of that is we've been looking a lot at the data, the average daily utilization. The flying rates are all continuing to grow modestly but I mean they are improving. So frankly we would have expected to see a little more growth in that side. On the other hand, as we look out back at Q3 last year was particularly strong. So I think a little bit of just comp on year-to-year. But anyway, but we didn't -- it was modest very little growth, but again still very healthy franchise in a great part of the business and I would expect we'll get back to seeing growth going forward.
Robert Stallard: And on the helicopters?
Scott Donnelly: Helicopters it was the same, it was up modestly.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes, thanks so much. So Scott the longitude with the NetJets order, I assume given your saying that they're going to start delivering in the second half of next year, I assume you have a firm order is that true and if so does it come in the third quarter or the fourth?
Scott Donnelly: So we do not, Cai. So there is nothing in the backlog associated with the NetJet launch through deal. We didn't sign the agreement really until the fourth quarter. So and as you know the way we manage these programs, the same as we have been doing with latitude. As NetJet puts firm order with we have a specific tail and deposit that's when we move that into backlog. That usually is within sort of that one-year time window, we didn't do it because we kind of again didn't sign the agreement until into the fourth quarter. And the NetJet guys are very excited about this thing and they're about to unleash their very capable sales team to go start driving sales at Longitude into the fractional market and as soon as they start to see that clearly we will be firming up orders here I would expect in the fourth quarter but nothing in the backlog at this time.
Cai von Rumohr: Okay. And you have been kind of on again, off again on the hemisphere given the Silver Crest issue. At what point will you feel comfortable enough with the Silver Crest to say we're definitely going ahead or you are still unsure?
Scott Donnelly: I think that what's going to happen Cai is by mid-year, next year we should see an engine on a test band will validate where they are. Our guys have been working very closely with them we had a team over with the Saffron guys just a couple of weeks ago and I think that they've been very open, they've been working very closely explaining where was -- why was the issue that occurred on the compressor, how did that get through all the analytical models, we understand that very well, they understand that very well. I think that the issue is very, very well understood. They believe the design solution and the model they've come up with addresses that which is terrific. We feel confident that there's a good understanding of the root cause. And so I would say we're very bullish, I think we're very confident in there solution. That being said, we do want to see it on the test end. So I think you're looking at a mid-year next year when we would say okay, this is a firm grower or not. Obviously we will continue to invest at some level here between here and there as will the NetJet folks, one of the benefits of them being a launch customer is that they are making pilots and crew and maintenance folks available as we finalize the detail specifications of the aircraft to make sure this time it's going to be home run in that space. So we will both be working between now and then to be ready to pull the trigger.
Cai von Rumohr: Terrific. Last one the V-280 when do you expect to get to the point where the Army will start to fund some of your development?
Scott Donnelly: I'm ready tomorrow.
Cai von Rumohr: I know you are ready. But is Army ready?
Scott Donnelly: Well look Cai, I mean as we talked about earlier, I think the Army has coming out of AUSA and all over their they talked about a shift from the current programs to modernization is very encouraging. I would hope that there will be some level of activity that will start next year but I don't want to prognosticate on this thing. But I mean clearly what the Army is saying is very encouraging, we continue to work with them obviously on a regular basis and I'm hopeful that we will start to see some level activity towards that next year.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global. Please go ahead.
Pete Skibitski: Good morning guys. I guess one more on Textron Aviation, Scott. I was wondering if you could talk about kind of your perception of the health of the Textron Aviation customer, you have seen a lot of good indicators out there and I'm kind of wondering a bit, if there really still feels like you are hitting that cycle or is there still a lot of caution in the marketplace because if you look at some of the secondhand numbers it seems like things are kind of drying up there in that market. So it would seem to indicate this cycle is really strong but the numbers obviously are coming through delivery wise quite yet. So I just want you to characterize it maybe more?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I'd say Pete, no first of all statistically your fact actually you are right, I mean the secondary market for anything that's kind of under 10 years old is pretty thin, when people do aircraft it moves quite quickly and as seen in some of the surveys the pricing is healthier and so I think the secondary market is certainly a help. There's very little out there that we would even compete with somebody thinking about a new aircraft more importantly for someone who wants to trade in their aircraft, they have a easy source of liquidity to sell their old aircraft to be able to put that towards a new aircraft. In terms of the health of our customers, we had an opportunity obviously here recently to spend a lot of time with a lot of these folks and I think that the dialogue from them is reflective of what you see in a lot of survey information. These are people that feel good about their businesses right now. They have been hiring people, they are much more comfortable with making CapEx decisions, yes, we're building new plant, expanding capacity buying new jets. So clearly the Tax Cuts and some of the reform regulatory pull back has made the business community in the U.S. is feeling better than they thought in a long time and that confidence is give us confidence to hire people and to spend CapEx.
Peter Skibitski: Okay. I appreciate the color and maybe one just quick follow-on on Industrial, there's lot to talk about global automotive these days and I'm just wondering how the cloud text guys are kind of seeing the cycle right now and if they're feeling any impact from tariff related issues globally?
Scott Donnelly: We don't see a lot of tariff related; I mean there is some pressure obviously on raw material pricing, where largely we have contracts that's across the company mitigating most of that. Remember we do most of our production in countries for those plants because you have to be closed by anyway. On the other hand like there's a great deal of uncertainty around the tariffs and around the Brexit's of the world which we are seeing some impacts of that, there is just caution right now in the global auto OEMs. And that's coupled with I think just an overall softening a bit of the global auto OEM manufacturing. And I say Q3 is always the most susceptible because most of the guys do shutdowns during the summer months anyway and so one of the ways they -- easy for them to regulate output is to extend some of these shutdowns and again that's something that generally manifest itself in Q3 and we certainly saw that at Caltech. So it's not a huge reduction in volume but there had been some modest declines.
Peter Skibitski: Okay. So your expectations are basically nothing heroic out of Caltech but nothing terrible either?
Scott Donnelly: No I think that Q3 is always the most difficult and I think we'll certainly see a better Q4 which is cyclically normal in that business but I do think that is still in the context of global auto OEM about volume is going to be down somewhat.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Is that Industrial finally getting some airtimes not for good unfortunately, just one last one on it, how do we think about specialized vehicles recovery, I think you mentioned to Rob's question it was the dirt product introduction that seems to be the issue and how long will the product introduction take and how do we think about that profitability or recovery, is it a year's time, is it a few quarters?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Sheila I think that it's probably the year's time, I mean we do have some, some good things coming out here in the model year 2019 which are heading to dealers now. I think in general how we manage that channel is something that frankly we just haven't done as well as we should have. And our sales tools and how easy we make it for perspective customers to figure our product have access to the dealers, have a natural way to help customers move to our product is just something we didn't do well. So some of that is some things were problematic that I think can be fixed very quickly but I mean I think this is a year process to get this thing to where we want it. Now I don't certainly don't expect to see another quarter like we just saw, most of the rest of this business is definitely performing better. And what gets disappointing obviously Industrial has been quietly growing and generating good margins for us for some time, people don't talk about it a lot but it's been a good segment. It's unfortunate that we've gone through this issue and obviously I think we have the team behind it to go get it on a better path.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you. And then just one more as it regards to Systems how do think about the profitability profile of the business, is it around 8% and then you announced the joint venture with Flight Safety, maybe how it came about and how it expands your capability in the future?
Scott Donnelly: So the margin rates as we kind of talk about, we knew it would be stronger in the front half of the year than the back half. But overall I know clearly we expect to beat the full-year guidance that we provided for Systems. I think the execution on the programs has been very good and obviously there is lot of opportunity out there the guys are chasing but the performance in 2018 has been net very strong and we feel good about that. In terms of the Flight Safety deal, I think Flight Safety has been a large training provider for our Textron Aviation products for a long time. We decided we wanted to get into that market because we saw it as a very attractive area and one which was good for us to maintain relations with our customers into the aftermarket, that's been going well particularly our Tampa facility has grown dramatically, we've been doing all the training on the new types of aircraft. So we are quite happy with the business, it's growing, it's kind of what we expected to be but it does take a fair bit of time as you look at how many training centers do you have to have in order to continue to grow that business. Flight Safety approached us. Said well guys you're -- we know you are getting into this business, going to be better, if we were together in this thing and we could instantly I mean they have been hearing and getting a lot of good feedback on what we've doing with customers and how we run our training programs. They obviously have a much, much larger footprint to provide that training and so I think the combination of the two makes a lot of sense for our customers. And so it's a good deal for us, it's a good deal for them and I think will -- this will rapidly accelerate our participation in that market. So it's a deal that we sort of explore the concept and came up with the place where both companies feel likely to win and I think it will be very good for our business.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter Arment: Yes. Good morning, Scott, Frank. Scott just focusing on Systems with top-line, this is the last quarter from a revenue standpoint and I guess 10 quarters or so and I guess was expected with the runoff of TAPV, is this a good level I mean going forward, I mean just trying to understand from a modeling perspective I know Ship-to-Shore was the timing issue but maybe little help there and then also just unrelated if you could just talk about how you still see the competitive landscape for Longitude great news at NBAA but you also heard some announcements from some competitors? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. So I think on Systems, it was an unusually low quarter and again I think the runoff of TAPV which we fully expected, we did expect we would see a little more ramp-up on the Ship-to-Shore side, we will start to see that as we get into Q4. So certainly our expectations would be -- we will see little stronger revenue in Q4 than we did in Q3. With respect to the competitive dynamic, what we have been competing with the 450 and the 500, we will continue to compete with the 450 and the 500 even if they call them the 500 and the 600. They are largely the same aircraft, it's been some clever marketing right the engine guys celebrating being selected and the Avionics guys celebrating being selected they are all the same guys. So I mean it's I think what they have done is they have extended the wing a little bit with wing wood -- a better wing wood and they have put more gas in it. But our guys feel very comfortable and we've been winning head-to-head in that market against those products obviously the Longitude now coming to certification, I think we feel very good about where we are with respect to those products and obviously [indiscernible] selected by NetJets now to be their super mid product of their marketing in the fractional side and we expect we'll see very much the same phenomenon we saw in Latitude, it helps to validate the aircraft and get good volume driven in the market which obviously is a huge benefit to us on the fractional market but also has a knock on benefit I think on the retail side. So we always had a competitor, let me show we always have competitors but I think we feel very well about where those two products are positioned.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please go ahead.
David Strauss: Thanks, good morning. I just wanted to ask about so going back to Industrial again how surprised were you by the result relatively to whatever your internal expectations were for the core I'm seeing specifically to the million dollars in EBIT when did you find out the fact term would seem to point to you that given the management change you kind of find out late in the game, just wanted to get some sense of how much of a surprise this was to you guys at corporate?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look I think it was a clearly it was a surprise or I mean it as we look at the load in of product which was really starting to ramp right at the end of Q2 into the beginning of Q3 there was clearly an expectation that as that product rolled out there that we would start to see stronger retail sell through, and we didn't. And so as we kind of worked our way we did in the quarter the guys were not seeing the level of retail sell through that we expected to see and that's when we had to take the actions that we talk around recognizing it's going to be some we've got to continue to work on this channel. But we've had some dealers that have been fabulous that are selling through a lot of retailers they're doing a great job, the product that gets into the field has been spectacular. We've got great feedback from customers, the performance side we don't have a product problem I mean we have still gaps which again as I said we're working on it as we go forward but I think the progress on what the product is and how the product is performing we're very pleased with. But we're still not seeing as much retail as we would like to see and again we're having to make adjustments in the channel and how we manage the channel and that's the recognition of some of those costs that we're going to bear to work through that. So it really is something where we expected to see a much stronger Q3 and as we got towards end of the quarter and weren't seeing that that's when we decided we needed to act accordingly.
David Strauss: Okay. And then just trying to help us frame in terms of how we should model Industrial going forward given this result on Q3, so kind of how I'm thinking about is Caltech is within the number that we're seeing, Caltech is still a high-single-digit margin business which implies that vehicle side is significant loss making business, is it right to think about that Caltech kind of holds that level of profitability going forward and the vehicle business gets to breakeven in the fourth quarter and then profitable next year or is it breakeven next year just to try and help us model the business given the volatility?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look I mean I don't know how much modeling I want to do but certainly your characterization of Caltech as the high-single-digit margin business is what we typically see and certainly what we expect. For the balance of the year I clearly expect the vehicle business to be better than breakeven, a lot of these costs that we are managing in terms of the channel are things that that we're accounting for as we go into the quarter, so I think we will certainly see a healthier Q4. We will see a stronger performance on CapEx which is its normal cyclical basis and we will see improvements as a result of some of the actions we're taking at TSV.
David Strauss: Okay. And then last one from me on the tax rate Frank I think you said 17 just is that, that's adjusted I assume and is that a fourth quarter tax rate or a full-year tax and if its full-year, can you just tell us what you expect for the fourth quarter?
Frank Connor: Well, I think you could derive the fourth quarter, so it's 17% for the full-year and that's the as adjusted -- kind of thats on an as adjusted basis, so kind of just the math of that would suggest around a 22% rate for the fourth quarter.
David Strauss: Hi and I appreciate the clarification, thanks.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Sam Pearlstein: Scott or Frank, is there any way to just look at the Industrial Biz segment and tell us is there any sort of quantification of one-time costs, was there an impairment or when to do the next impairment test, just trying to think about what's one-time to this quarter that's now part of ongoing?
Scott Donnelly: Sam, I wouldn't characterize it as one-time, right this is not some special charge but when we look at what we reserve and accrue around anticipated discounting programs and things like that, I mean we had to make adjustments to that given the nature of where we are and where the inventory is. So there's some probably that it's more in the quarter than we would expect but it's not something like an impairment of goodwill or an intangible or something in that nature.
Sam Pearlstein: Okay. And then the CapEx looks like it was reduced about $50 million, is that all the divestiture or have you done anything else in terms of CapEx?
Scott Donnelly: It's about half and half, Sam. So about half of that was associated with not having the second half tools and tests but about another half of that is just CapEx that is tooling and things that we are able to -- that we just don't need to do this year. So it's a split.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Kristine Liwag: Hi, good morning guys, its Kristine Liwag calling in for Ron. Scott you mentioned how you wouldn't expect a firm that just order for the Longitude to be as dilutive as a Latitude order and after visiting Wichita a few years -- a few weeks ago it's clear that you've invested a lot in automation for the latitude line and there's even more automation in the Longitude lines, so how much of this better Longitude margin expectation is from better expected operational efficiency versus actual better pricing terms and essentially how much of this production efficiency for the Latitude could flow to your bottom-line?
Scott Donnelly: So I guess I would when we talk about the operation side, I think that on both Latitude and clearly what we're seeing so far on Longitude, we feel very good about our cost position, I think the investment the guys have made around automation, around tooling and making sure that we are able to be very productive and cost effective that had the production of both the Latitude and the Longitude are on track. I mean we've always felt good about where those are from a production cost standpoint and Longitude obviously is in its early days but the fixturing and the lot of the things that you saw when you were in Wichita are playing out as we expect it. So I think we will be very -- we will be on our cost targets in terms of what we set for the business. The biggest difference on this issue the dilution around the Latitude deal versus our expectations on the Longitude deal is largely around the fact that we locked in on a Latitude price that was just too low, I don't know how to say it, we should never have gone that low on it and I know the NetJets guys understand that. I mean when we sat down and went through the negotiation process around Longitude is its a fair deal, it's a deal that will be a good margin deal for us and its a deal they'll be able to do quite well as well. So it was definitely a fair agreement.
Kristine Liwag: Great. And following up on the Longitude, as you go down the learning curve on a program and you get more orders from non-NetJets customers at presumably better pricing, how should we think about incremental operating margins for the program going forward?
Scott Donnelly: We clearly expect that Longitude is going to have 20-plus-percent leverage as it comes into production and starts to sell, so I think we expect it to be typical, let's say as the rest of our jet programs.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Frank, sorry to ask another tax rate question but just since it's kind of moved around a lot and people have had different versions of digesting the Bill, what's your latest thinking on the kind of medium-term sustainable beyond 2018 rate?
Frank Connor: Yes, it's kind of low 20s or so type number.
Noah Poponak: Got it. Scott, just going back to kind of like kind of the overall health of the Business jet market and used versus new, just to spend two days at NBAA everyone was some version of incrementally positive but sort of those we spoke to it as your business or other new jet manufacturers were much more in the slightly more positive camp versus when you talk to the brokerage community are those in the secondary market it was particularly bullish. And I guess I was, I know you have sort of already been asked this already but I'm sort of wondering where the tipping point is in the translation of used to new and is there something, is there something that's made the used market more attractive than it used to be, a lot of the brokers are talking about the full depreciation in year one now being applicable use making it more attractive and that the OEMs didnt like it. I don't know if that is true or not, on the other hand if you're watching out all that inventory eventually you're just going to run out of things to buy an used market and it would help new, so I was just wondering if you could maybe put a little more color around that item specifically and just what's the tipping point when it tips over into your business?
Frank Connor: I think our guys are pretty bullish about where we are. I don't know that I would, there's no reason for there to be a line of demarcation about the second-hand market is good but that's not good for OEMs. I mean the better the second hand market is the better it is for the OEM, right, they provide source of liquidity, I think the brokers are they are very bullish right now because they are pretty much, there is still little out there that the time from the time somebody says hey I'm going to sell my older jet, so I can buy a new jet, the time on market for that transaction to happen is so short, if youre broker you love that, right, I mean. How much time you are having to invest in that asset before you sell it and get your commission is I mean -- they have every reason in the world to be bullish. But that bullishness is not a negative for us by any stretch of imagination, it's providing liquidity for that guys who is going to buy the new jet, it's going to upgrade to new jet. So I think that is okay I mean there was a period for [indiscernible] you went back after the sort of the 2009, 2010, 2011 where you had so many virtually new airplanes out there that that was a problem for OEMs obviously because it was buy new airplane in used market versus newer airplane in the new market. So I think those days are way behind us, I mean there's just not new stuff out there, right I mean it's -- there's not a situation here we're competing quite to the contrary, this is very healthy for us to have that level of activity and such low inventory and quick turns on sales in the second hand market, it's absolutely good for us.
Noah Poponak: You guys had cited in the past that the excess used inventory and the pressure of that less from a volume perspective but more from a value perspective the pressure that had on residual values created a trade-in issue for someone who wanted to buy new airplane, is it a matter of if you get a few more quarters of bigger positive residual value improvements or price increases in the secondary market that then that could in more strongly move into your market because now the trade-in value is back, is that something you're watching out for?
Frank Connor: Well, look I mean obviously any improvements in the residual value of the aircraft is beneficial to us right because I mean that's a better value for that customer but I think a lot of this because we went through such a long down cycle, these residual values drop but then largely flattened or going into a more normal depreciation schedule than the dramatic reductions that we saw in that sort of 2009, 2010, 2011 timeframe when you saw DREP numbers just dropping dramatically even in the absence of transactions frankly. There was just a sort of a drive price down into an illiquid market, it was terribly unhealthy period of time. So I think we're beyond that. But obviously as residual come off incrementally that's beneficial because that's better value for the someone who is looking to make that trade industry.
Noah Poponak: Last one on it, could you maybe give us a lead time update maybe just using CJ 34 kind like cabin bread. and butter, what kind of -- how long to get in an airplane today versus what it was earlier in the year?
Frank Connor: I would have a hard time getting one for, but Im willing to take a look if you are serious about it.
Noah Poponak: I mean is it more than a year to get a CJ 3 or CJ 4 at this point?
Frank Connor: No, no, no, no.
Noah Poponak: You meant hard time in 2018?
Frank Connor: Yes.
Noah Poponak: Okay. What about the first half of 2019?
Frank Connor: Would go, I mean
Scott Donnelly: No delivery of it.
Frank Connor: Did too much into it, look as I think.
Noah Poponak: Okay. I thought you guys had sort of consistently provided that number?
Frank Connor: No, I dont think we focused on that. So look I think this market if you are looking at that model that are year out there or three or six months, I think that is a healthy place for this thing to be. Someone is looking at do want to trade and they cant get an aircraft for a year, I dont think that's healthy, I think we try to match this thing to where you'd like to be and more ideal and I mean Im making up a number three to six months, right. Most people don't want to wait a year for something right but.
Noah Poponak: So you are in production next year then?
Frank Connor: We are probably going to raise a couple of models, sure.
Noah Poponak: Okay. All right, that's, that's really helpful color. Thanks so much.
Scott Donnelly: Okay, Brad, that concludes our prepared remarks for today.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, today's conference will be available for replay after 10 A.M. today through January 22 of 2019. You may access the AT&T Executive Teleconference Replay System anytime by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 entering the access code 431862. International participants may dial (320) 365-3844 and those numbers again are 1 (800) 475-6701 and (320) 365-3844. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-19 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Salander - Vice President, Investor Relations Scott Donnelly - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Frank Connor - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Carter Copeland - Melius Peter Arment - Baird David Strauss - Barclays Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies Seth Seifman - JPMorgan George Shapiro - Shapiro Research Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Caitlin Dullanty - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Jon Raviv - Citi Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company Drew Lipke - Stephens Inc. Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Textron Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays call is being recorded. Now I would like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Eric Salander. Please go ahead, sir.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Brad and good morning everyone. Before we begin, I would like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in todays press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textrons Chairman and CEO and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Textrons revenues in the quarter were $3.7 billion, up $122 million from last years second quarter. Income from continuing operations was $0.87 per share, up from $0.57 per share or $0.60 on an adjusted basis in last years second quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions totaled $399 million compared to $341 million in last years second quarter. With that, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric and good morning everybody. Segment revenue was up again in the quarter in Industrial, Aviation and Bell partially offset by lower revenues in Systems, consistent with our expectations. Operationally, we saw continued strength in our execution with margin improvements at Aviation, Systems and Bell. At Bell, revenues were up on higher commercial volumes for the quarter. On the commercial side, we delivered 57 helicopters, up from 21 in last years second quarter. We continue to see positive demand in the commercial space, with strong representation across all our models. In the quarter, we delivered 4 505s to the Japanese Coast Guard demonstrating the aircrafts suitability as a basic helicopter trainer. The 505 received certification in China with the first 3 units being delivered in June as the aircraft continues to broaden its international presence. Moving to the military side of the business, we signed a third V-22 multiyear procurement contract with the DoD to deliver 58 units, beginning in 2020. The $4.2 billion multiyear contract, of which $2.2 billion represents Bells content, provides program production stability for at least 2024. The contract also has flexibility structured to allow for additional aircraft. We also gained Congressional approval in the quarter to provide 12 H-1 attack helicopters to Bahrain. On the new product front, the V-280 Valor is now flown in cruise mode, just 5 months after its first flight in December. It really reached 190 knots during the May demonstration and continues to expand its flight envelope to the flight test program, which is ongoing. Bell also opened its new Advanced Vertical Lift Center in May, located just down the street from the Pentagon. New office allows Bells military customers, partners and policymakers to interact with Bells technology for the future of Vertical Lift, including the V-280 and the unmanned in V-247. Moving to Systems, revenues were down on lower volumes, primarily of Weapons & Sensors, related to the discontinuance of SFW production at Textron Marine and Land Systems on lower Cap D deliveries. At TRU Simulation and Training, our 737 MAX Full Flight Simulator was successfully updated to the highest level of qualification by the FAA, marking the first 737 MAX simulator to be qualified at Level-D. Moving to Industrial, we saw a 10% increase in revenues with growth in each of our businesses. At Textron Specialized Vehicles, we introduced the Cushman Shuttle Personnel Carrier and the E-Z-Go Express personal transport vehicle both powered by the industrys first 72-volt AC electric drivetrain. Within the Textron off-road product line, we continue to expand our vehicle lineup, introducing the new Prowler Pro utility side-by-side, delivering power, comfort and reliability to this market. Also, at TSV, our growing GSC product line received an order from Beijing Capital International Airport for the purchase of 6 Safeaero deicers to increase the efficiency of its operations at the worlds second busiest airport. Moving to Textron Aviation, revenues were up 9%. We delivered 48 jets, up from 46 last year and 47 commercial turboprops, up from 33 last year. We continue to see improving order flow across our jet and commercial turboprop product lines with increasing strength coming from the international markets. On the new product front, the Citation Longitude, our new super midsize aircraft continues in the FAA certification process. Based on the FAAs new certification requirements, the number of ground and flight test conditions to be met by the Longitude program has nearly doubled the amount completed on past certification programs. This process is taking longer than initially planned, as our engineering team works alongside the FAA through the enhancement certification process for the first time. Continuing with our new products, the Denali has entered the next phase of development. Fabrication of first test articles on the SkyCourier continues to track to its development plan. We are excited to leverage these clean sheet aircraft, enter new segments of the market to provide a wider array of aviation solutions for our customers. On the military side, our AT-6 Wolverine aircraft has had very positive flight performance during the Air Forces second phase of the light attack experiment program. With that, I will turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott and good morning everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $346 million, up $51 million from the second quarter of 2017 on a $122 million increase in revenues. Lets review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. At Textron Aviation, revenues were up $105 million from this period last year, primarily due to higher volume and price. Segment profit was $104 million, up from $54 million a year ago due to the favorable volume, mix and price. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1.6 billion. Moving to Bell, revenues were up $6 million, primarily on higher commercial volume partially offset by lower military revenues. Segment profit increased $5 million from the second quarter in 2017. Backlog in the segment was $5.5 billion at the end of the quarter. At Textron Systems, revenues were down $97 million, largely on lower volumes at Weapons and Sensors related to the discontinuance of the SFW production in 2017 and lower TAPV deliveries at Marine and Land Systems. Segment profit was down $2 million primarily reflecting the lower net volume partially offset by favorable performance. Backlog in the segment was $1.2 billion. Industrial revenues increased $109 million largely related to higher volumes across all our product lines and a favorable impact from foreign exchange. Segment profit was down $2 million, despite the increase in revenues from the second quarter of 2017 due to the mix of products sold. Finance segment revenues and profit were both flat compared to last years second quarter. Moving below segment profit, corporate expenses were $51 million compared to $31 million last year primarily due to the impact of the increase in share price in the quarter on compensation expense. Interest expense was $35 million, about flat with last year. We also repurchased 8.7 million shares, returning $571 million in cash to shareholders in the quarter. Through the first 6 months of the year, we have repurchased 14.6 million shares, returning $915 million in cash to shareholders. To wrap up with guidance, we are raising our expected full year earnings per share from continuing operations to a range of $3.15 to $3.35 a share, up $0.20 from our prior outlook. We expect a one-time gain of approximately $400 million from the tools and test divestiture in the third quarter of 2018, which is not reflected in this updated outlook. We are also raising cash flow from continuing operations of the manufacturing group before pension contributions to a range of $750 million to $850 million, up $50 million from our prior outlook. That concludes our prepared remarks. So Brad, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Good morning. Scott, this might be one for you. On Aviation, the backlog was flat sequentially. I was wondering if you could shed a bit of color on that, what the various parts of the division saw over the last 3 months, because that would seem to be rather contrary to the commentary about the strengthening in business jets, for example?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Robert, I think the market feels the same way that it did, its pretty strong. I think we are pleased with the order flow. Obviously, deliveries were up as well in the quarter and I think the flow of our orders matches up pretty well. So in terms of the dynamic, it has stayed robust. Obviously, we continue to push on the pricing side in the trade for volume, because we still think we got to continue to work that, but end markets are still strong and we are seeing that in both the jet and the turboprop lines.
Robert Stallard: Okay. And then as a follow-up separately, Textron Systems in Bell, very strong margins in the quarter. How sustainable do you think these levels of profitability are particularly if you are obviously having a V-22 step down rolling through the system at some point?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look I think Bell had an extremely strong margin rate here in the second quarter. I wouldnt expect that to sustain, but we have talked about that business over the long-term being a 10%, 12% margin business and I think thats still how we feel about it. The team has done a nice job. I think the contract in terms of multi-year 3 landed about where we expected in terms of our long range thinking. As I said, the contract allows for some increases of a couple aircraft here or there. I am optimistic that we will see that both in terms of U.S. demand and as well as ultimately some foreign military opportunities. So, its fully within our expectations and around where we thought and obviously we are glad to have it done and so its a good contract and one that gives us some stability going forward.
Robert Stallard: And similar situation with Systems as well, that had very strong margin too?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, so I think we certainly expect Systems to be a little bit lighter in the back half of the year. They had a very strong start to the year. We are still seeing very good performance in most of businesses. Obviously, we will see ongoing reductions in a number of Cap D deliveries. As that program winds down through the course of the year, we will still see SSC obviously is still in its development and test phase, so that will dominate towards the back half of the year as well. And you wont really see the revenues and the margins pickup on that until we start into the production program in 2019. So, I guess, lets say, Rob, we expect a lighter second half, but still strong performance for the total year in that business.
Robert Stallard: Thats great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Carter Copeland with Melius. Please go ahead.
Carter Copeland: Hey, good morning guys or good afternoon I should say. Just a quick follow-up on Robs question, Frank, I wonder could you tell us what the net favorable items must have been in Bell and Systems? And then just a second one for Scott, can you just give us some color you called out price and mix in the Aviation margin strength in the quarter. Was it one over the other and was aftermarket a notable contributor there that we should know, just any kind of expanded color on which of those was more important will be helpful? Thanks, guys.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I can give you the color part first, I guess. I think that Aviation, it was strong pretty much across the board. Obviously, we had some pricing power in there. The aftermarket, you know we have this  an accounting change in terms of the revenue, so it will look a little flatter. The reality is on an apples-to-apples basis it was up high single-digit, which is good for us. The turboprop deliveries were obviously quite a bit stronger than in the second quarter last year, which we expected. I mean that market, particularly the international side of turboprop has been stronger. And on the Aviation front, it looks like we are up a couple of jets. The reality is as you guys know we ceased production of the Mustang. There were about 5 of those deliveries last year. So on a like-to-like basis, the mix was actually better, because we discontinued a model that was not a very profitable model for us. And those 5 aircraft turned into 5 other aircraft that are more in our  say, in our margin region. So I think the mix was positive as well. So its both price, mix and Id say strength across all the product lines.
Frank Connor: So on the program side, we saw as the numbers would indicate good performance out of both Bell and Systems on the program side and we had $64 million of program adjustments for the quarter.
Carter Copeland: In net?
Frank Connor: Thats right. Net on a consolidated basis.
Carter Copeland: Awesome. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter Arment: Yes, thanks. Good morning, guys. Nice quarter. Scott, just asking regarding on the Longitude you made some comments regarding the kind of the FAA certification process is taking longer. You are not the only one really thats been affected by this, but maybe you could just give us a little more color as you are kind of looking at the timeline for introduction of Longitude?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Peter, look I think its within the next couple of months. The guys are working really hard at this. The good news here is there is no issue, its not that there is a conflict between us and the FAA over anything technical or programmatic or the aircraft itself its just  this new process involves the creation of thousands of pages of documentation, which we just havent done in the past and its a result of the implementation of this new process and its just an enormous amount of work that we havent had on previous certifications that was a bit unplanned. I mean, how this is being interpreted and implemented is just a lot of paperwork that wasnt really anticipated. So, again, the good news here is there is not a problem, its not like we are in any form of disagreement over something to do with the aircraft or anything. Its just a lot of paperwork. So we are working our way through it. The FAA is working through it with us. You have to create all these things and review them and sign them off.
Peter Arment: Okay. And then just as a follow-up unrelated on the AT-6, it sounds like you have had some good flight performance. How is your thinking on just kind of the discussions with your potential customer there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we think its gone well. I mean, an awful lot was accumulated. A lot of flight testing was done obviously before the accident that resulted in sort of the discontinuance of the flight test piece of the program. But I think the Air Force has been very open about the fact that they are continuing to work this program. They have got the data they need. They felt that the flight testing that had been accomplished was sufficient. If there is more information they can certainly reach out to us and to our competitors and they are continuing with their process as described. So, we would be hopeful to see activity continue and hopefully get to some form of an RFP if we are going forward with the program in kind of the latter part of this year, but we felt the aircraft did well. We clearly  I mean, the customer is very open publicly about the interest in this area and the demand for a product like this and we feel like the guys did a great job performing and we will just continue work with the customer as they work through the next steps of the process.
Peter Arment: Great. Thanks, Scott.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please go ahead.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning or good afternoon.
Scott Donnelly: Hi, David.
David Strauss: Hi, can you hear me?
Scott Donnelly: Yes.
David Strauss: Okay. One thats about book-to-bill assessment, ex the aftermarket in the quarter, is it fair to say the book-to-bill was about 1.2 and if so, is that a fair kind of number for what you saw on the jet side specifically?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think when we look at the book-to-bill number, its  I mean I think the one-to-one is a fair representation. Obviously we are always going to have a little bit of mix within that between different models within the line in jets and turboprops and military, but its all consolidated in there, but I think the one-to-one is a fair representation of where we are in the jet side. And again as the deliveries were up, revenue was up and which means commensurately order activity was up. So, I think particularly when we think about where Q2 is, I mean, order rates were better than they were in Q1. So even though the book-to-bill number may not be what it was in Q1, the reality is that the activity in the market continues at a good pace.
David Strauss: Okay. And to follow-up in terms of your guidance for each through the year, I apologize if I missed this earlier. Are you seeing higher Cessna, higher deliveries out of Aviation, specifically on the jet side [indiscernible] today as compared to what you said a year ahead and also the 8% margin guidance for Cessna for the year, looks like you will come in better than that?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, I think David mostly as we look at our revised guidance its reflecting the stronger margin performance in Aviation and in Bell and in Systems, obviously I think it will be slightly probably below where we were thinking just because of the tools and test disposition, which is a strong margin business at Industrial, I am sorry, but the guidance increase on EPS is really driven by better margin performance in those three segments.
David Strauss: Okay. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: And we do have question from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hey, good morning everyone.
Scott Donnelly: Hi, Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Scott, I was wondering can you comment on the competitive landscape and maybe the changes you are seeing given Bombardier and Embraer might be focused elsewhere? So, just on the competitive landscape, both in the bizjet market, but also maybe on the commercial helicopter market as well? Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Well, I mean we havent seen a big change. I mean, its still obviously a very competitive market. There havent been obviously here through the first couple of quarters, the competitive dynamic of the model-to-model comparisons are the same as they have been. So, its still quite competitive. But like I said, we will and have continued to sort of trade price over volume to try to put some discipline into that marketplace, but the competitive dynamic, I would say is largely unchanged and the same is true I think on the helicopter side. The good news is the market particularly in the lighter end of the market is as competitive as its been. Obviously, we are seeing a lot of growth around the 505 as the new model coming in and as that thing is ramping up its production and a lot of deliveries coming out, we feel great about where that product is. It competes very, very well given its performance and capabilities, but we are also seeing very strong performance on the 407. There are some nice upgrades to the product, but its a competitive marketplace, but its a very strong product. Even 429s, which as you guys know, we are expecting a little lighter deliveries this year, but 429 order activity has stepped up pretty significantly. So again I think the market is very competitive and we have got a great set of products that are doing very well.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Then on R&D, if you could just comment you have gone through a phase of high R&D, what are you focusing on over the next 18 to 24 months?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we are probably looking at guiding too much beyond this year, but as you know, I think our overall R&D number, we do expect to see some modest reduction on the fixed wing aviation side largely as we scale back things like Scorpion, but we continue to invest obviously in Longitude. We got Denali coming down. We have SkyCourier coming along. So there is still as strong R&D spending at Aviation just probably not as much as we have seen in the last couple of years. Bell, on the other hand, has stepped up a little bit and we have 525 in the flight test program, we have V-280 flying. So there is obviously still spending there, but we will largely see sort of a shifting in somewhat of the R&D around some of the businesses, but obviously whats important for us I think going forward is that as we see these revenue increases and we see the benefit frankly of some better end-markets in some of these new product launches, it does become a bit of a tailwind for us in terms of overall margin rates.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we have a question for the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much and good afternoon. Following up on the V-22 and understanding that you dont want to give very much guidance beyond this year, I think one thing that might be helpful for people just to level set is the amount of our earnings headwind even if its just some qualitative commentary that we can expect as the V-22 starts to ramp down next year we all know its happening, little over $400 million of EBIT at Bell this year, how can we think about the headwind there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, you really wont see much impact to this lower rate really until late next year, right as you start to get into the next fiscal year funding. And I need to be careful here, because given this 606 Bell, so it doesnt play out specifically to delivers anymore, so its really more of a cost accumulation, I think it was kind of hard for me to  I am not exactly sure how to articulate that to you beyond. I mean, you guys kind of know obviously its public in terms of what the contract delivery dates are. As I said, I think there will probably be some additional unit volumes added into each year. So I think of the new contract as sort of a floor, if you will, but I wouldnt expect a big impact in 2019, it starts to become more material into 2020.
Seth Seifman: Great. Thanks very much.
Scott Donnelly: Yes. We can probably help you guys by the way just in terms of the contract stuff probably offline.
Seth Seifman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Yes, couple of quick questions. Back on the book-to-bill being one, can you separate it out into how the turboprop was versus the new jets or how the defense was versus the new jets?
Scott Donnelly: No George, I dont think we are going to give  I mean we are not going to start kind of breaking out the book-to-bill by the individual product models and whatnot, but just again, from a color standpoint, its been pretty strong. We are very, very happy with the order flow in both the jets and the turboprop side. Military deliveries were up in the quarter, right you will see that on the T-6s. So, there is obviously some impact of strong sales on T-6, but despite the one-to-one  you say, well, one-to-one thats okay, its okay the facts are their order flow was stronger than second quarter than it was in the first quarter and we continue to feel good about where the market is heading on both turboprop and the commercial jet business.
George Shapiro: And R&D in the quarter at Aviation, Scott, sequentially was it down a little bit year-over-year, can you give those two qualitative comments?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I mean, again from a color standpoint, George, as we have indicated, I think the quarter was consistent with kind of the color that we have been providing, which is that we will see some reduction at Aviation offset by some increases largely at Bell with the flight activity going on and the quarter was difficult there.
George Shapiro: And one for you, Frank, that the tax rate was pretty low again, have you changed your outlook for the year and why was it low?
Frank Connor: Yes. We had some benefits from some discrete items in the quarter. So our revised guidance assumes a tax rate of about 19.5% for the year, but this actually reflects the first couple of quarters of discrete items that we benefited from.
George Shapiro: Okay. Thanks very much and I will get back into queue.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Sam Pearlstein: Good afternoon. Just on the guidance, the $50 million increase in the cash flow, it looks like about half of that is a CapEx reduction. Can you just talk is it straight net income improvement and then on the CapEx, is it related to the adversary air, can you just talk about how you are viewing adversary air spend this year and next compared to before?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, Sam. So there is a couple of things going on here. Obviously, expectations for a little stronger margin rate therefore better earnings is obviously falling through in the cash flow. There is a debit that we had to take out of that with the second half of tools and test not being in there both from the free cash flow generation, but obviously some of that CapEx reduction is reflective of not having CapEx in that business in the second half of the year. And there is some benefit on the aggressor work, so given where we are on those contracts and timelines we are deferring some of that. Obviously, we are still comfortable that we have everything lined up in support of future Air Force programs, but we have been able to defer some of that CapEx in 2018. So, those are all sort of contributing to that net benefit of $50 million taking all that into consideration.
Sam Pearlstein: Okay. And then can you talk a little bit about just the distribution inventory levels with Arctic Cat now that you have kind of ended the winter season just where did you end up and how is that looking?
Scott Donnelly: So Sam, I am afraid I dont have those numbers at my fingertips here, but I mean we are continuing to make progress and I would say most importantly when we look at whats in the inventories its pressure stuff, right. So, I mean a lot of the stuff that was really older inventory has been moved off their books. I mean, obviously these guys are taking re-stockings of current model year product, probably not a lot of change in snow. I mean, we are at that time of the year obviously where we are producing all the snow product for next year and we will start those load-ins here as we get into the latter part of the year. Id say the good news is demand from the dealers, what we are seeing is up and we have got a couple of great new products. I mean, last year it was great in terms of burning down a lot of the inventory. We had some new stuff that came out last year that helped. We have got a couple of pretty exciting 2019 models that are driving some pretty strong pre-season order demand, which we are building now, we will start to load in here in the next couple of months.
Sam Pearlstein: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Ronald Epstein with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Caitlin Dullanty: Hi, guys. This is Caitlin on for Ron today. Just wanted to touch on orders a little bit, whats driving  what do you see is really driving the incremental orders at Textron Aviation? Are you seeing more interest from individuals or corporates? And then are the orders really more for replacement aircraft up-gauging or just new purchases? Thanks so much.
Scott Donnelly: So, its I would say that the order activity continues to be across virtually all the models, so its not isolated in one area or the next. We always have a lot of  the bulk of our customers are current aircraft owners of one type or the other and most of them are up-gauging, although a lot are simply replacing older aircraft, they have had now for probably longer than they would like to have them. So Cait, its across the board. There is no particular dynamic which is changing it one way or the other. I would say the one thing that we did see in the quarter which is encouraging is an uptick in the international order. So, this has been pretty U.S. centric here for the last number of years and obviously it was great to see the U.S. market getting stronger over the last say 6, 9 months, but we are also now seeing more strength in the order rate in Europe and in Latin America, some Asian activity. So we are seeing more participation in internationally as well. So its broad based in terms of the models, the segments, be it jet, turboprop and also now starting to see some broadening of the strength internationally.
Caitlin Dullanty: Great, thank you. Thank you so much.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Jon Raviv with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jon Raviv: Hey, everyone. Thanks for taking the questions. Scott, when it comes to Aviation production rates, how are you balancing that decision-making process with the pricing you want to hold on to and drive with backlog growth? And then also how much pricing you get to see before you kind of start storing up the supply chain? And I guess a related question is have you actually had any discussions with your suppliers on potentially raising production rates?
Scott Donnelly: I always felt that this is something we look at it on a really a real time basis, right. So depending on what activity we are seeing whether we can get the  meet the pricing targets that we have out there, we are looking at this on a week-to-week basis. So there are certainly suppliers that we know and have had all discussions and know where they stand, if we need to just even without a whole lot of supply work, if we need to flex a couple aircraft here and there we can do that. So I am not sure are we going to do anything further than that. I mean we feel like, right now we are well matched to meet the demand based on the price levels where we are. And if things continue strengthening and we decide that we need to take it up and well obviously we have the flexibility to do that.
Jon Raviv: And then going forward some of the margin drivers that we should think about turboprop is getting better, thats accretive, but anyhow is there something done in your production process on the jet side which could enable the typical incremental margin targets you talked about or is it perhaps enable us to exceed those?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think part of why we are feeling good about the margin and incorporating that as part of our guidance increase is that the team is executing well. I mean, obviously, as I said, well, its not that we are seeing a big change in  versus our plan on the volume side, but the guys are executing well, we are getting good volumes through the shop, we are getting good productivity and of course we are continuing to drive the pricing. So the combination of those is giving us an incremental margin.
Jon Raviv: Would you be able to quantify what the new margin guidance is for the year?
Scott Donnelly: No, we wont go back segment by segment, but I think just from a color standpoint, Jon, you expect  versus the kind of the aggregate numbers that we gave you guys, you expect that we will finish the year a little stronger in Aviation, Bell and Systems and probably just a little bit lighter on the industrial side.
Jon Raviv: Got it. Thank you, Scott.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes, thank you very much. Could you give us a little more color at Aviation in terms of how much of the gain was price, how did the pre-own do, did you book a profit or a loss and maybe how much was the kind of aftermarket business? Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: So I will go backwards. Aftermarket, Cai on a  again, there was a change in the accounting of how the revenue is showing on some of these engine programs, but if you look at sort of net that out, the aftermarket growth was strong with a high single-digit number. Now, on a percent basis, aftermarket did shrink somewhat as a percent of the total, because we had strong deliveries on the original equipment side. So I would say a strong contribution from aftermarket, but still somewhat smaller percentage of the total given the strength on the front end of the business, which is good. So the margin improvement obviously the price is a strong contributor in there, but we are also seeing our ability to convert some of these higher volumes into better gross margin on the products. So, the guys are doing a good job on cost and overhead control and so the intersection of those two things is whats driving that probability. We always had, its not a big material number, there is a little bit of noise always around from quarter-to-quarter how much  due to aircraft valuation and whatnot is in there, but its not something thats going to swing it one way or the other. Now, one thing to keep in mind, Cai, as we go through the balance of the year is we are going to have the first Longitudes coming out and as you would expect, there will be some margin pressure associated with those, but we still feel like given the performance overall of the business and how its doing, we are still going to see, net better margin than we originally guided despite some of the overhang of the new product launch on Longitude.
Cai von Rumohr: Okay. And my question on price in the first quarter your 10-Q indicated you got $9 million benefit from price. Could you tell us how much was that benefit in the second quarter? And you had mentioned also a couple of months to certification on the Longitude, I mean, do you expect to deliver any in the third quarter and how many can you deliver given it looks like its taking longer to get it certified?
Scott Donnelly: So, the price number in the quarter will be about $29 million. The Longitude look I am hedging a little on the date, Cai and obviously I dont want to be doing that, but we are working through a process that we havent gone through before. So, thats why I am trying to give us a little bit of room here, but yes we certainly expect to deliver the first Longitudes in Q3, but we have to get through the process and its proving to be a little more difficult than we thought, but we certainly still expect to make initial delivery in Q3. And I dont know that we have ever guided the total number of Longitudes we will have for the balance of the year, but I dont see us coming off of our original expectations. It just means we have all deliveries in sort of late Q3 into Q4 or even if for some reason this thing doesnt get across the goal line here for the first one, then they would all deliver in Q4. I feel good. I mean our production activity  again, there is nothing with the aircraft, there is nothing that causes us to have to go back and make changes to the aircraft. We have been building the aircraft. They are going to be ready to go. Its a matter of getting all the certification work complete. So, I dont foresee at this point a risk to what our plan was in terms of the 2018 Longitude deliveries.
Cai von Rumohr: Thank you very much.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Drew Lipke with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Drew Lipke: And congrats on a good quarter. Just first question on industrial, can you maybe elaborate a little bit more on the driver of the negative mix impact there and what you are seeing there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, tools and test is a good margin business. So that margin obviously wont be there in the second half of the year. So, when we look at the total mix across the industrial segment, I would expect to see some reduction in there. Now thats the operating profit level. Obviously, we are in the process of doing buybacks, we try to mitigate what that means in terms of EPS, but as we indicated when we did the transaction, we expect we will see a few cents of dilution in 2018. Thats factored into what we gave you guys in terms of the revised guidance, so that takes that into consideration. But as we said, with the buyback programs and as we look into 2019, we expect that dilution goes away, but from a mix standpoint we are taking a good margin business out of the second half of the year.
Drew Lipke: Okay. And then with Arctic Cat, can you talk about ORV and its newer retail trends? I know April was tough with weather, it sounds like the ORV industry really rebounded in May and June, what are you seeing in terms of industry trends and can you comment on kind of your market share and just the overall profit improvement in Arctic Cat?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think we are seeing profit improvement in Arctic Cat and we would continue to expect to see incremental margins frankly overall in our industrial segment improving as the year goes on, I mean despite that we are taking out tools and test. So, the total year guidance was down a little bit, but we will certainly expect to see a positive progression here through the balance of the year. Look, the snow is obviously not in a retail phase right now right, we are kind of in the production side of that and the stocking. So, thats  which again I think is quite favorable for us. We feel really good about where that business is and what the stocking orders look like. On the dirt side of the business, we are seeing improvements. Having the XX out there is its later than was expected when we did the acquisition, but it is fully in the market and we are frankly struggling to meet demand of producing them and we have just launched the Prowler Pro, which launches into the  really the largest segment of that market. We think we have got a great product, but again, thats one thats just barely starting to run through the production line and get deliveries out to the dealer, so again a model that we are seeing strong demand. We just got to produce as quickly as we can. So, I think the end market of all the data I see is positive here in the last couple of months. We are certainly seeing strong demand on the products that we have launched into the marketplace and obviously expect to see the revenue and the margin continue to expand through the balance of the year.
Drew Lipke: And do you think you are holding a third of our market share?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. No, I expect  we are feeling very good about snow. I think our market share is going to be up, which will be quite strong and again on the sort of the backs of a couple of launches here around XX and Prowler Pro, we certainly are seeing an uptick and expect to see a continued uptick in our share through the balance of the year.
Drew Lipke: Thanks, guys.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Rajeev Lalwani with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Rajeev Lalwani: Hi, Scott. Hi, Frank.
Scott Donnelly: Hi.
Rajeev Lalwani: Just I wanted to come back on the Aviation side, you touched on this a bit before, but as you think about just trying to get margins up and before you start pushing volumes, where are you trying to get back to? I mean, are we looking at just sort of historical average going back to historical peaks kind of a thing is that guiding you at all? And then unrelated to that, as far as maybe delays around product development with the FAA certification and all, how does that impact some of the other products youre working on; SkyCourier, Denali, maybe even the Hemisphere, if at all?
Scott Donnelly: Alright Rajeev I will guide, I dont want to go out and make a like some target number or a target around historical numbers, I mean because the revenues, the mix of product, the volumes are just fully different than where those were, but our objective is to just keep improving this thing every year, driving cost, driving price, and push up but this clearly needs to be a double-digit margin business I fully expect that its going to get back up in the double digit margin business and thats the team is pretty focused on working to get there and thats sort of all of the above, right, its costs, its new products, its pricing and I think that the march we are on here, as we go from last year, through this year, into next year, is all moving in the right direction in terms of the FAA question, look, I think as these new processes are different for different models and different [indiscernible] classes and things like that, so I dont know that well we have to understand how each model is going to go but the difficult thing, obviously, is the first time you go through this, were learning, frankly, that our local FAA office is learning and implementing this and understanding what it really means and so, I think obviously we would be in a better position to anticipate how this needs to go, what kind of documentation needs to be created, how does the changes as changes happen through the development program so I would be, maybe, cautiously optimistic that we can execute through it better in the future, but right now its sort of a bit of a discovery process in terms of all this documentation so its certainly not an efficient way to go through it and Id like to think that as we and the FAA get through this process, and well be able to look back at it, maybe make some modification to the process to make sure those are all value-added, but then also as you go through it a second, and a third time, youre going to be better at doing it, more efficient at doing it Im sure I was not as clear as you may like, but I dont know how to make it any clear because were just trying to figure it out, right.
Operator: And we do have a follow-up question from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Thanks. And I just wanted to follow-up, appreciate the color on industrial a couple of years ago in the middle of the decade, this was like a mid-8s business margin wise, without tools and test it seems like it should still be able to be an 8% margin business, I just want to verify that, that you think thats correct and kind of how long does it take to get there and what are the what sort of the key factor, is it execution on the specialized vehicle side, is it reaching a certain volume on the specialized vehicle side, what sort of needs to happen to get to that level?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, Seth, I think theres no question this should be an 8% or better margin business we are just sort of caught in a position here where we disposed of something that was accretive to that margin rate and had just acquired something that was quite dilutive to that margin rate so you are sort of catching us here in the middle of this thing so, theres no question that we need to be at or north of that historical kind of margin rate, and I am confident that were going to get there I think that theres the vehicle business is the critical one to drive that and clearly we need to see increased volumes we have every expectation that we can continue to gain share in that area we have got some great new products that are going into it, but we also have to do a great job on driving cost in that as well so Id say, weve taken a business that was losing money and turning that around, thats making positive steps in the right direction and like I say, I think you should see us expanding those incremental margins through the balance of the year, all the way through next year now this is a business that needs to be a good healthy margin business, and I think we will get there.
Seth Seifman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we do have a question a follow-up question from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Yes. Frank, if I look sequentially, inventories dropped like $165 million now is that partly due to taking out tools and putting it as assets for sale, or is it more due to the delivery of the high delivery of the Aviation planes? And I would expect maybe it comes down some more in the second half as you actually make some Longitude deliveries so can you give some color on that?
Frank Connor: Sure, yes. So part of the reduction in the quarter on a sequential basis was tools and test, that was about $100 million of it, as we moved the tools and test assets from liabilities to held for sale so we had about $65 million of other inventory reduction and certainly yes, given our seasonal pattern and higher deliveries in the second half of the year, we would expect for inventory levels to come down as we move through the year.
George Shapiro: And then one follow-up on Bell if you take out the $2.2 billion V-22 backlog, sequentially the Bell backlog was down a little bit now is that from military, because it would seem like commercial is getting better and then also, Scott, I think on the first quarter you expected a pick-up in the medium helicopters we didnt see it in the second quarter, we see it in the second half? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. So, absolutely, George, the 22 went in from the multi-year obviously we continued to deliver V-22s and H-1s, which takes out of the backlog commercial side of the business quarter four continues to be strong so, again, we dont get in and break down all these pieces, but from a color standpoint thats a fair representation of whats going on in terms of the business and the order rates and the backlog at Bell on the medium side, as I said, weve seen 412 orders, weve seen strong 429 orders and theres still a number or 412 campaigns that are out there so I think we see practically strong order flow and activity across all the models, which is encouraging.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then just last in Aviation whats the lead time if you want to increase production rates; three months, six months?
Scott Donnelly: Well, it depends on model, George we usually would say its more like [indiscernible] the six to nine months there youve got the long lead items like engines for instance that kind of gate that and again, I try to be careful with an exact number, because all of our suppliers have their own flow of activity and they have flexibility within their own systems so if we want to go in and make a change to our plans that are shorter than that there are cases where we can do that so we can flex volumes by a few units but if youre really talking about a dramatic change, then yes, it takes a long time but guys, we are never going to be what you see in the media, where were going to come out and say were going from 40 to 50 over the next two years I mean thats not the nature of our business, obviously its more of a flow activity and obviously we are communicating and talking to our suppliers all the time and looking at order rates all the time so Im just not worried about the market and order and getting out of line with what we can do in terms of demand its just not an issue its asked about a lot, its not something we worry about a lot, we work it everyday.
George Shapiro: Okay. Thanks again very much.
Operator: And we do have a question, a follow-up question from the line of Jon Raviv with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jon Raviv: Hi, thanks for taking this follow-up, I am appreciating in Aviation, appreciating that Denali and SkyCourier are certainly important for the portfolio but just after Longitude launches, what are those engineers going to do where do you think theyll move to as long as Hemisphere is still on hold? Is there any interesting looking back at the lower end of the portfolio, considering there is relatively less new product from your competitors down there?
Scott Donnelly: I missed the engineer question Jon.
Frank Connor: What are the engineers that have been working on Longitude do?
Scott Donnelly: They are already on other programs most of them have moved already to the Denali program and the SkyCourier program thats where most of the activity is right now I mean, obviously, theres still a good size testing thats working and on the certification process for Longitude but weve sort of worked through a lot of the design phase in Denali, were building the first flight test articles, as we speak so a lot of the detailed design activity really now is in the SkyCourier side of things we dont have anything to announce today in terms of the rest of the portfolio I mean, obviously, were always looking at upgrades and what we need to do to make the whole rest of the product line stay fresh, but there is nothing that I would announce at this point.
Jon Raviv: Okay. And then just on Longitude, just the short availability, can you just comment on how sold you are at that point? And then my related question is, how have you adjusted or how are you adjusting just selling a larger aircraft given Textron Aviations historical focus on more of the owner-operator?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we have been working in the sales side of the Longitude for a while now. I think our teams have done a good job out there. We have a great set of prospects. A lot of folks have been in this aircraft. I mean, there is no shortage of customers that are interested in it and our sales folks are talking with those folks, a lot of demonstration flights have been going on, continue to go on and we feel very good about our prospect list. So, I mean, obviously some more activity is going on and there is a pretty strong pipeline of people that are very interested in the aircraft that are watching and waiting for the certification process, but in terms of our ability to go out and sell this aircraft, I am not concerned about that. We seem to be reaching the customers that have interest in an aircraft of this class.
Jon Raviv: Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer-session. And I would like to turn the conference back to your host for closing comments. Please go ahead.
Scott Donnelly: Okay. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our call for today. Thank you for joining us and we will talk again next quarter.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, todays conference will be available for replay after 10 a.m. today through October 17 of this year. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at anytime by dialing 1800-475-6701, entering the access code 431861. International participants may dial 320-365-3844 and those numbers again are 1800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844, again entering the access code 431861. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-18 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Salander - Vice President, Investor Relations Scott Donnelly - Chairman and CEO Frank Connor - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Carter Copeland - Melius Research Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies Peter Arment - Baird Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Seth Siefman - JPMorgan Peter Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton David Strauss - Barclays Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company George Shapiro - Shapiro Research Jon Raviv - Citi Drew Lipke - Stephens Ronald Epstein - Bank of America
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Textron First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Eric Salander, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Brad, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, Id like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in todays press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textrons Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Textrons revenues in the quarter were $3.3 billion, up $203 million from last years first quarter. Income from continuing operations was $0.72 per share, up from $0.37 per share or $0.46 on an adjusted basis in last years first quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions reflected a use of cash of $158 million, compared to a use of cash of $227 million last years first quarter. We also announced that we have reached a definitive agreement to sell our Tools & Test business to the Emerson for approximately $810 million in cash. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric, and good morning, everybody. Segment revenue was up in the quarter in Industrial, Bell, and Aviation, partly offset by lower revenue in systems consistent with our expectations. The Bell revenues were up on higher military volumes for the quarter. On the commercial side, we delivered 46 helicopters, up from 27 in last year's first quarter. We continue to see positive customer reaction to the 505 as we ramp production and deliveries, the first units delivered to European customers in the quarter. We also continue to see international demand for the 412, closing two multi-aircraft orders. At HELI-EXPO in February, we showcased our innovation and leadership on the commercial helicopter market with the unveiling of 407GXi, featuring a new Garmin avionic system and an upgraded FADEC controlled Rolls-Royce engine. We also announced Air Methods Corporation as the launch customer with an order for six of these new aircraft. On the new product front, following the first flight of V-280 Valor in December, the aircraft continues to demonstrate its agility and maneuverability, hitting new milestones in the early stages of a flight test program as it moves towards operation in full airplane mode. Each milestone represents another step forward in creating the next-generation of tiltrotor aircraft. The aircraft was flown by U.S. Army experimental test pilot, representing a great opportunity to put the aircraft in the hands of our military customer. Moving to Systems, revenues were down on lower volumes, primarily weapons and sensors related to the discontinuance of the SFW production line. During the quarter, Unmanned Systems received two test orders for the Aerosonde with a combined value of $97 million from NAVAIR in addition to a $28 million logistics support contract for the U.S. Army. At Marine and Land Systems, we are making good progress on the ship to shore program as the first craft began on water testing earlier this month and will proceed to builders trials next with delivery scheduled for the summer. At TRU simulation and Training, we signed a purchase agreement for an A350 full flight sim with Airbus, and we are also chosen to provide the first-ever full flight simulators for HR600 aircraft models for Japan Air Commuter and Ansett Aviation training Australia. At Industrial, we saw a 14% increase in revenues with growth in each of our businesses. Overall, margin was down reflecting the additional Arctic Cat operations in the quarter as compared to the prior year due to the March 2017 timing of the acquisition and the first quarter seasonality of the outdoor Powersports business. We saw higher volumes in our growing GSE product line and also received the first order for the innovative new TUG ALPHA 4 aircraft pushback, booking five units for delivery to UPS later this year. Within our Textron off-road product line, we unveiled the new Wildcat XX side-by-side designed with an off-road racing inspired suspension system, delivering best-in-class performance. At Arctic Cat, we introduced our new Mountain Snowmobiles, with our ground-breaking Alpha One single beam rear suspension system, further demonstrating our industry leading product innovation. Moving to Textron Aviation, revenues were up 4% in the quarter. We delivered 36 jets, up from 35 last year and 29 commercial turboprops, up from 20 last year. These deliveries reflect an improved mix of models across our jet and commercial turboprop product lines. We saw continued order strength in the quarter, with a number of multi-aircraft orders, including five Caravans for service into Papua New Guinea and two special mission King Airs configured for an air ambulance fleet in Australia. In February we attended the Singapore Airshow where we announced Latitude has been granted certifications in China and Australia, demonstrating our commitment to the Asia-Pacific region. We also had our first two Latitude deliveries into China in the quarter. For the second consecutive year, the Latitude earned the title as the most delivered business jet in the midsized category. On the new product front, we continue to work towards certification of the Longitude, which we expect later in the second quarter. The Longitude made its APAC debut at the Singapore Airshow successfully circumnavigating the globe and demonstrating its commanding performance and reliability to customers along the way. We also made progress on the SkyCourier, successfully completing wind tunnel testing as we look to develop this aircraft on an accelerated time line. The Denali is tracking to its development schedule and continues to generate a significant amount of customer interest. Our AT-6 Wolverine aircraft was chosen by the U.S. Airforce to participate in the second phase of Light Attack Experiment program which begins in the second quarter. Lastly, we have agreed to sell our Tools & Test business to Emerson. While Tools & Test has been an important part of our industrial portfolio for many years, this transaction represents a good return for our shareholders and positions the business for future success as part of Emerson. With that, Ill turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $279 million, up $60 million from the first quarter of 2017 on a $203 million increase in revenues. Lets review how each of the segments contributed starting with Textron Aviation. At Textron Aviation, revenues were up $40 million from this period last year primarily due to higher price and volume. Segment profit was $72 million, up from $36 million a year ago due to favorable volume and mix, performance and price. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1.6 billion. Moving to Bell, revenues were up $55 million, primarily due to higher military volume, partially offset by lower commercial revenues due to the mix of aircraft sold. Segment profit increased $4 million from the first quarter in 2017, primarily reflecting the higher volume. Backlog in the segment was $3.6 billion at the end of the quarter. At Textron Systems, revenues were down $29 million, primarily due to lower volume at Weapons and Sensors related to the discontinuance of SFW production in 2017. Segment profit was up $30 million primarily reflecting improved performance at marine and land. Backlog in the segment was $1.4 billion. Industrial revenues increased $139 million largely related to favorable foreign exchange, the Arctic Cat acquisition and higher volumes. Segment profit was down $12 million, despite the increase in revenues from the first quarter of 2017 due to the timing of the Arctic Cat acquisition in the prior year. Finance segment revenues decreased $2 million and segment profit increased $2 million compared to last years first quarter. Moving below segment profit, corporate expenses were $27 million and interest expense was $34 million, both flat with last year. We also repurchased 5.9 million shares returning $344 million in cash to shareholders. To wrap up with guidance, we are reiterating our expected full year EPS from continuing operations of $2.95 per share to $3.15 per share. We also continue to expect cash flow from continuing operations of the manufacturing group before pension contributions of $700 million to $800 million. This guidance includes the expected impact of the Tools & Test divestiture on earnings per share and cash flow from continuing operations. That concludes our prepared remarks. So, Brad, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Of course. [Operator Instructions] We do have a question from the line of Carter Copeland with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Carter Copeland: Hi. Good morning, gentlemen.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Carter Copeland: Scott, just on Aviation, I was wondering about the margin performance there, ex the fall off in Scorpion R&D, you still had a pretty good year-over-year improvement there. I wondered if you might give us some color on how much that profit improvement was mix related versus overall price and maybe how are aftermarket sales in the quarter. Any color you can give us there would be helpful?
Scott Donnelly: Well, its kind of all of the above, Carter, I mean, I think, our volume, obviously, was up a little bit but the mix was favorable in there. Teams continue to do a good job on the performance side in terms of cost, and therefore, delivering better margin on some of the models, and as we have been talking about, we continue to push for incremental gains on the price side and we saw that as well. It certainly helped to have some more turboprop, as you know a year ago turboprop was particularly light and so we were pleased to see some volume coming back in both the King Air and Caravan lines as well.
Carter Copeland: And on the aftermarket?
Scott Donnelly: So aftermarket was good performance. Youll see in the numbers just from a percent standpoint not as large an increase as we have been seeing and thats largely because we have had a small change driven by some of the 606 in terms of how we treat some engine programs. So the topline will look sort of a low-single digit versus the reality of without actually counting high-single digit and good performance there as well.
Carter Copeland: Okay. And then one last one and then Ill give -- the order momentum through the quarter, I mean, I know January is always a light month and February can be as well. Just in terms of the conversations with customers and what the sales team is seeing, how is that evolving over the course of the last three months and even what youre seeing in a real time?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we think it remains pretty strong, and youre right, usually the first quarter, January and February are pretty quiet. We continue to see relatively strong order bookings in that, so its driven positive book-to-bill across both jet and turboprop lines, which is good.
Carter Copeland: Okay. Thanks, gentlemen.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Frank Connor: Thanks.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Sam Pearlstein: Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Sam.
Sam Pearlstein: Scott, youve talked a lot, I guess, over the years about just driving earnings growth and seemed reluctant, it seems to divest some of the lower return businesses, because of earnings dilution. And I guess just based on the early reaction, certainly stockholders seem to like this, but given the buyback activity. But does this influence your views in terms of thinking about the mix of businesses, the portfolio whether it makes sense to get out of certain lower return businesses?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I am not sure, I wouldnt categorize the Tools & Test business as a low return business, but I think that our stated position with respect to any disposition is that we are going to run these businesses to the best of our ability and make the right investments in them and we certainly have done that in the Tools & Test segment both organically, as well as acquisition and with the intent to make it a great business. On the other hand, if somebody comes along and says, look, we value that business and think its a better fit in our portfolio and puts something on the table that we think is good for our shareholders, as well as something, obviously, they think is good for their shareholders then we are open to entertaining a transaction and thats exactly what happened here. Tools & Test is a good business. I think its well-positioned in the marketplace. Its performed well for us. But I think when you look at the Emerson and it serves a much larger footprint obviously into that kind of customer base and channel, they feel that its a  it would be a better part of their business, and so I think that allowed a transaction to happen that is good for Textron and Textron shareholders, and in all likelihood a very good thing for Emerson and Emerson shareholders as well.
Sam Pearlstein: Okay. And I think when you started the year you usually put a placeholder in for making acquisitions yourself and that if you dont find any, we see a step-up in the buyback. So if I just think about the first quarters buyback plus this, can you comment at all about the acquisition pipeline or what youre seeing, because it would seem like you probably arent seeing a lot thats going to come to fruition.
Scott Donnelly: Well, Sam, we always keep an eye out for transactions. I mean I dont think there is any particularly large thing out there that I see on the horizon. There is always a number of things that we are looking at that are logical bolt-ons to the businesses that we have today. But in general, though, Sam, I would say, I think that, given our balance sheet position, we are very comfortable to proceed with the level of buyback activity that we have talked about. Obviously that will step up in terms of the use of the cash from the disposition. If something comes along that makes sense for us, I think, we have plenty of room to be able to manage that on our balance sheet through debt financing and stuff like that. So I think we are very comfortable with the level of buyback that we have in our plan regardless of whether M&A opportunities pop up or not.
Sam Pearlstein: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hi. Good morning, Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Maybe if you could further elaborate on the Aviation backlog, sort of what drove the strength there? It was up $400 million on a sequential basis, was that mostly Longitude jumping in and then, if you could just comment on the certification, and is it expected later in Q2 and delivery starting in Q3?
Scott Donnelly: So, as you know, we dont do a model-by-model backlog. Id say, if you look at the Textron Aviation backlog, Sheila, there was some increase on the defense side, really largely driven by 606. There were some service contracts that were longer term, which are now all booked in there, but we had strong book-to-bill on the jet product line as a whole and we had strong book-to-bill on the turboprop line as a whole. So, it was really, I would say, pretty strong bookings across all segments of the business. In terms of Longitude, we do expect it to certify here in the quarter. We are kind of in last flights. There are a couple of delays that we would like not to have had but its nothing serious, everything is flying well. We just had some last test flights to accomplish and some last builds. So everything is going well and we would expect that will happen here pretty soon. Whether we get one into the second quarter or the first sales happen in the third quarter is still sort of TBD, I mean, the nature of this aircraft, obviously, is it does have a little more customization on the interiors than a lot of other aircrafts. So it will  it really will just depend on what timeline we get the final FA paperwork done and whether we can turn that around in time to get it in Q2 or certainly we would at worst case fall into Q3.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay. And then just one on your military portfolio, maybe if you could comment on my favorite two programs the Scorpion and Future Vertical Lift, sort of what the timelines and hurdles look like for those two? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Well, on the Scorpion, we are continuing some international customer activity. We just had a customer in a couple weeks ago. So those dialogues continue. On Future Vertical Lift, we continue a lot of dialogue, obviously, with the army and the Marine Corps, said, we have had the army now flying the aircraft. They are certainly very bought into this program and a very active partner in its development. We are working really at this stage of the game on envelope expansion which is going very nicely. So team is doing a great job on that. The army is following very carefully. Now how this all works out through their budget cycles and still remains to be determined. I think, obviously, our view is that we could deliver aircraft and a lot of capability at a much faster rate than whats currently budgeted into the army budgets and just sort of the general thinking in terms of how long it takes to develop a new aircraft like this. But we are going to just continue to do our thing and demonstrate the maturity and capability of the aircraft and go from there.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter Arment: Hi. Good morning, Scott and Frank.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Frank Connor: Good morning.
Peter Arment: Hey, Scott, on Textron Systems, really nice margin performance there. How should we think about that, I mean, you mentioned land and marine is improving, but it seemed pretty significantly well above our expectations. Are you  is this kind of outlook sustainable or how should we think about the overall performance there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I dont think this margin rate is sustainable through the course of the year, right. I think it will revert and we feel pretty good about our guidance in terms of what we gave you guys. So well see some lower margin rates as we move on through the course of the year. But, on the other hand, I think the team is performing well. TAPV, we have talked about a lot over the years and we are just working our way through those last deliveries, but the program is executing as we expected. On ship-to-shore, the team is doing well. I mean, obviously, we are in integration and test, which is always a challenging time, but the team is making great progress. As we said, we actually have had the craft on the water, so its operating and is going to enter into builders trials here pretty soon. And of course, the good news is on the appropriate authorized, our appropriated levels of the craft are in great shape, and we are working with our customer right now on that production proposal and wed expect that we would have something signed later this year and be able to start to see production moving. We already have some long leave material and advanced activity going on to make sure that there is no line break as part of this process, and I say, we have worked well with the customer to make sure that thats the case, but we are working through the details now on the first production contract.
Peter Arment: Yeah. Thats helpful. And just a quick follow up, on Bell the deliveries were up really nicely year-over-year, 505, 407 continue to be strong. What are you seeing in that particular end-market thats really driving this?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we have really seen strength around the world, particularly the light ends, the 505, as you say, thats really just been us having to ramp production and meet the demand for that product, which has been very strong. So we are, obviously, very pleased to see the production rates coming up and the number of units going up. 407 continues to be strong, I think the GXI also was well-received and we have strong demand in there as well. 412s and 429s, as you know, particularly 412s tend to be back-end loaded just in terms of deliveries, and I think, thats certainly what we expect well see over the course of the year.
Peter Arment: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Noah.
Frank Connor: Hi.
Noah Poponak: Scott, just going back to the notable change in the Aviation backlog and I recognize you dont want to get too granular there, and I understand and respect that. But I think a lot of your stakeholders are sort of watching closely to see whats happening in the legacy business jet market. So I wondered just given the many moving pieces that can happen there with Longitude and Latitude and the Defense side, if this time around youd be willing to quantify what the book-to-bill was in the pure in production Cessna jet market?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we are certainly not going to go into any more granular breakdown in the backlog. But I would say that we are  we had a strong book-to-bill in Citation jets, including all of our legacy models as well, as well as in the turboprop side, which is inclusive of both the King Air and the Caravan. So I think market demand continues to be strong and we see that reflected in our book-to-bill in the backlog.
Noah Poponak: So its safe to assume the in-production jet bookings compared to revenue was in the zone of what the total segment was?
Scott Donnelly: Yes.
Noah Poponak: Got it. And then on the pricing discussion there, can you help us out with sort of order of magnitude there? I mean, what kind of pricing increases are you seeing at this point and I guess how much has price come up off the trough at this point and I -- where I am going is sort of if backlog starts to build, it will be interesting to see how you decide to  you get asked the question if youll raise production. But it seems like you would maybe actually just potentially let price keep going for some period of time given the success youre having there and what that does to earnings in the segment before you raise production?
Scott Donnelly: I think thats true, Noah. We have been saying that we will trade price for volume. I think these aircraft, we -- I mean, I cant tell you we are going back to trough, I guess, I mean, we look at the data on more of a year-over-year or incremental subsequent quarter basis, which is how we measure our sales teams obviously. So as we look at the price targets and the performance for that, we are putting that higher on the list than just driving volume. This aircraft and we are getting price increases, we continue to get price increases, but they are still at price levels that we are not very happy about. I mean, what we are  as the team did a great job in the quarter. I think we are continuing to execute well on a lot of fronts. But the amount of capital, the amount of investment that you make in this business, warrants getting a better return and we need to see better pricing in the end market and so thats the trade we are making. We are walking. We have been walking away from deals that are at price levels that are just not acceptable to the business.
Noah Poponak: Got it. Really helpful. Just one other quick one, the Bell, if I take the Bell Commercial and Military units and price on the OE side, plus the comment that total Commercial revenue was down, which kind of tells me roughly where Commercial aftermarket was, it seems like Military aftermarket was up like 75% or something like that, is that accurate and if so, whats going on there?
Scott Donnelly: Noah, I mean, I cant follow exactly your math, but the Military aftermarket was up, but it was certainly not up anywhere near the percentage youre talking, I think
Noah Poponak: Okay.
Scott Donnelly:  there is probably a little bit of our effect again, I hate getting into the 606 stuff, okay. But there is some benefit just from a quarter when you look at year-over-year in terms of the way the 606 stuff is done, particularly the Military side of Bell, because its impacted by this, that, again over the course of the year, its not going to make a whole heck of a lot of difference, but the way it falls out in the year, there is a little bit stronger revenue on the Military side here in Q1 than youll see through the balance of the year, because its a little flatter given the way the accounting is done under 606 as opposed to the unit delivery that we historically have had.
Noah Poponak: I see. Got it. Okay. Thanks so much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Hi. Thanks so much. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: I think Ill follow up on Noahs question on the pricing environment in business jets, whether youre seeing your competitors holding to similar levels of price discipline? And whether your overall market share is relatively constant?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I dont know that I could comment that there is anything dramatically different in terms of the behavior that we are seeing out there. I mean its a very competitive market obviously, and thats the nature of the end market. So we are continuing to hold on as I said our price line, because we need to get pricing up. Now, do we lose deals because of that? I mean therere certainly or probably deals where we lose a deal because someone is willing to go to a lower price level. But we are a pretty big part of the market, and we need to hold the line, and well deal with our pricing if - I think you have to leave the competitors to deal with their pricing.
Robert Stallard: But in terms of market share, are you comfortable with where you stand in the moment relative to perhaps 12 months ago?
Scott Donnelly: No, I think so. I think if you look in the quarter, we are pleased with the demand and how we are doing in both the light and the midsize aircraft, which is I think its strong. And I think thats because our products are well regarded. Our service network is well regarded. I think we have a strong brand, and generally our customer repurchase rates are very high. I think our team does a good job of managing the customer so that its a win for the company and its good for them. So theyre popular products.
Robert Stallard: And then a couple quick questions for Frank on the disposal. Wondering if you can give us the post-tax cash proceeds that you expect? And also what was your anticipation of the operating cash contribution from this business for the year? Thank you.
Frank Connor: Yes, the after-tax and everything well net about $725 million from the disposition. And again, from a cash standpoint, there is some cash impact, but well absorb that within our guidance and the performance of the other businesses.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Seth Siefman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Siefman: Scott, I wonder if you can talk a little bit more about future vertical lift? And from your point of view how much it matters or if it matters if the Army goes ahead first with a medium lift kind of aircraft? Or looks to do a reconnaissance helicopter first under future vertical lift?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think it does matter. The Army Aviation folks are continuing to look at what their requirements are. Obviously a couple or several years ago, right took the Kiowa Warrior out of that and stated they were going to do that with unmanned aircraft. And thats sort of the path they have been going down. Cape Set 3, which is really where the V-280 is aimed we think is an important part. And certainly when they talk about their need for assault and that sort of long-range capability, we think thats where the V-280 really shines. So the Army Aviation will obviously continue to do their work and decide how they want to handle different programs. I think obviously Army Aviation has to fly a number of different missions and a number of different aircraft. So I think that view will obviously evolve over time as it always does, and well continue to work with them and emphasize the capability of the V-280 and the role and impact that we think it can have on Army Aviation. If they elect to do something more in that so-called Cape Set 1 category, then well obviously be engaged and talk to them about how you solve that requirement.
Seth Siefman: And do you see a time frame for when the Army might make that determination?
Scott Donnelly: No, I dont. I think there is just a lot of work going on, and it will evolve over time, I am sure.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Peter Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton. Please go ahead.
Peter Skibitski: Scott, not to belabor the aviation backlog question, but the fact that its up so much sequentially at a time when tax reform is coming into play here, I am wondering would you use the term kind of the dam bursting in terms of the return of Bizjet demand, or is that too strong language?
Scott Donnelly: I dont know, Peter. I wouldnt say dam bursting. I think the tax reform obviously is part of it. I think more importantly, business confidence is strong. People are looking to invest. Its been frankly a long time. A lot of people out there who have aircraft that are certainly getting older. They are upgrading a lot more infrequently than they used to because we went through some of those down years that there is some natural demand in the market. And thats I think driving positive backlog. Like I say, I dont know the dam bursting. I mean Id like to say that its not crazy, but there is natural demand. People are out there and looking to upgrade aircraft, and thats why we have seen I think a solid order flow.
Peter Skibitski: Is the increase mainly domestic? Are you seeing any kind of outside impact from international demand?
Scott Donnelly: Well, jet is still mostly domestic. Although we are seeing some improvements in the international market as well on the jet side. When you look at turboprop, thats a more balanced demand in terms of international and domestic. I think importantly when you looked at the first couple quarters last year, the international market was pretty quiet on the turboprop side and obviously we have seen that come back more notably on turboprops which is obviously very important for us because that does generate a lot of demand for both the King Air and the Caravan families.
Peter Skibitski: And then just last, I just want to ask on the 412s, I think I read that some activists or whatever you want to call them in Canada quashed a sale of - pretty sizable sale of 412s to the Philippines. Is that sale completely dead, number one? And number two, it sounds like you closed two other 412 orders in the quarter. So are we still pretty level, pretty decent shape for the 412 over the next couple years despite that one sale being sort of quashed, I guess is the term?
Scott Donnelly: I think so. There is a lot of 412 activity going on. As we said, there were a couple nice 412 deals that closed in the quarter, and as you know, 412 has a lot of international demand. So foreign deals are always fluid right up until they close. So there is a lot of 412 activity, and we feel pretty good about where that demand is, so I think it will play out well through the year. Again, on a delivery basis it does tend to be more towards Q3, Q4.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please go ahead.
David Strauss: Wanted to ask about the backlog at Bell down a fair amount. Was there any 606 stuff going on there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, there was some 606 that went in there. But as you know, David, because of the military side of Bell, it tends to be very lumpy, right. And I think what youll see is that will continue to go down sort of its normal cycle through the year. However, when we get to the point where we sign multiyear three which the negotiations seem to be going well and I will expect that will close here in the not too distant future, when that happens, youll see because of 606 not just a one-year add of backlog as we used to do but all five years would go into backlog. So youll see a dramatic increase and that would bleed down over the course of five years. The issue around 606 on particularly something where youve got a lot of military and multiyear type deals like we would do on the V-22, youre going to see some real peaks and valleys around that.
David Strauss: And then I wanted to follow up on working capital in Q1 and then the cash flow forecast. So it looks like working capital was a pretty significant drag, but inventory was actually down it looked like year-over-year. Receivables were down year-over-year. So just whats going on there? And then your cash flow from ops forecast it looks like not by a lot but actually went up just a little bit. Does that already include stripping Greenlee out? And if so, whats going on there? Thanks.
Frank Connor: Yes, I mean, again there is some geography change again as a result of 606 that gets - makes the translation from year-end to quarter-end difficult. Working capital was I think we did a nice job on working capital in the first quarter. Its always seasonal. We did see a little bit of inventory build, but it was better than last year. Some things because of 606 shift out of inventory and into other current assets because theyre contract assets now. You see a little bit of that happening on the accounts receivable side as well. But overall, good quarter from a cash flow standpoint again relative to where we typically are in the first quarter. For kind of full year, as we said, there will be some operating cash flow impact associated with the divestiture of Tools & Test, but well absorb that within the forecast and kind of make up for that with better cash performance in other areas.
David Strauss: And then, Frank, any change in the tax rate expectation for the quarter? It was pretty low in Q1.
Frank Connor: No, we had some discrete items in Q1, but kind of the rate that we had indicated for the full year is still the right guidance to think about.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr: In the 10-K and 10-Q you said that price was a $20 million year-over-year plus at Aviation in the third and fourth quarter. What will that number look like in the first quarter?
Frank Connor: Cai, it sounds like youre having some office renovation work done. Can you repeat that?
Cai von Rumohr: Yes. The price was a $20 million plus for Aviation in the third and fourth quarter. What was it in the first quarter?
Frank Connor: So price net of inflation in the first quarter will be about $9 million.
Cai von Rumohr: And was there any impact - it looks like your book-to-bill at Aviation was 1.4. You mention 606. If wed use 606 would that change the backlog at year-end? So is it really a 1.4 book-to-bill? Or would it be a lower number?
Frank Connor: No, I mean, there was an impact, as Scott said, of 606 that brought some defense service business into backlog. So thats in it. But we still have kind of strong order activity and strong book-to-bill, as we said, in both jets and turboprop. We are not going to get into the kind of specifics of each of those, but those types of numbers are directionally correct.
Scott Donnelly: Yes , as you know, we dont calculate or publish that number for each of these categories, but your numbers are about right.
Cai von Rumohr: And then at Industrial, maybe update us in terms of clearing the channel overstock at Arctic Cat in terms of how the move to Augusta is going. And given that very low first quarter, are the full-year estimates still valid?
Scott Donnelly: I think, Cai, that the challenges we described in Q1 is, first of all, we had a couple months of Arctic Cat where we didnt have that a year ago. And its a difficult quarter. I mean, I think the whole industry in outdoor power equipment when you look at this, the difficulty is that January, February into March time frame, youre done selling snow, but you havent started selling dirt. So it tends to be a quarter where you have - basically you have the cost of the business, but you dont have a lot of revenue within the business. So I think thats just a natural cycle, and it doesnt affect our perspective on how we feel about the year.  In terms of the inventory reduction, we are pleased with - if you look at both dirt and snow inventory reductions that happened through the course of the year, which was a big focus of ours yielded a lot of results. So there is pretty significant reductions in that aged inventory. And so I think combined between that and the fact that we have a lot of new product that we think the dealers are pretty excited about, and you look across both the dirt and the snow product lines, youve got lower inventory of aged stuff and youve got a lot of exciting new stuff thatll be on the floors that dealers are pretty excited about. So we feel pretty good about where we are for the year.
Cai von Rumohr: And the last one, could you quantify the EACs at Systems?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, we had good performance, but we dont break out those by segment, Cai.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Scott, if we took out the Scorpion R&D, which we know went to zero in the quarter, how did the underlying R&D compare to last years first quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think, George, again, we dont do this by segment by segment. But the color that we have provided and the way the quarter played out is that youll have modestly lower R&D spending in the Aviation business and modestly higher spending at Bell. So youre right, Scorpion spending went down to virtually nil, but obviously we are still continuing on Longitude. We are accelerating everything we can do around the SkyCouriers and the Denalis so thats all going well. And then obviously on the Bell side with 525 back in full flight test operations and the work that we are doing on V-280, well see some increased spending there. So the way the quarter played out is pretty consistent with what our expectations are and the guide that we gave you. And I think thats how it will play out over the year.
George Shapiro: And the fact that Longitude certification is getting delayed into the second quarter, thats not going to affect the R&D level in the second quarter?
Scott Donnelly: No, it wont affect the overall level. We have a little more activity going on later into the year than we would have liked on the Longitude side of things, but thats flight testing and at this point not a huge amount of spend. Most of the R&D spend now has moved into Denali and the SkyCourier programs.
George Shapiro: And if I try and take out the Scorpion R&D and look at an incremental margin year-over-year, to me it comes out more like around 40% because obviously getting help by price-in mix this quarter. That would be a lot above what youve been saying of more around 20%, but is that the kind of number we should see going forward.
Scott Donnelly: I think we have talked incrementals George more around that 20, 25% range. I dont know that well go into the geography of all how that gets there, but thats sort of our expectation in terms of conversion net of all of our costs and pricing and inflation and all things together.
George Shapiro: And the last one, Scott. So how many quarters of book-to-bill running like this before you sit there and have the increase the production rate even though you have been saying youll make the trade-off between price and production?
Scott Donnelly: Look, George, we dont set a hard line on that. I mean, obviously we are looking at each model all the time, and looking at each individual backlog and its demand and how much activity is out there in the market, and as you know, we can flex a little bit here and there between different model types. But we feel good about where the market is right now. We try to take a fairly conservative view of this and make sure that we dont start to produce more than the market demand is. I would absolutely continue our focus around driving price, driving efficiency in our operations. But if we see that a model is reaching a demand level that we can go tweak up a few aircraft, then absolutely well do that. But only if we are seeing enough strong demand and pricing that it makes sense for us economically.
George Shapiro: I guess I have one more. The first margins usually are the lowest of the year. It doesnt look like it should be any different this year given that buy-ins are going to be higher in subsequent quarters?
Scott Donnelly: I think thats probably largely true, George.
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Jon Raviv with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jon Raviv: Maybe one last one on Aviation just maybe talk about pricing. I think one of the things that has held back pricing for you guys has been competing against use jets. So can you offer any color on how those conversations are going? Whether customers are now seeing more value in the new versus the used?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think there is no question that the dynamic of used is available for sale has a knock-on impact in the low industry, including new jet sales. Id say the good news is as we have seen now for some time, the number of used aircraft that are sort of current models that are relatively young aircraft with relatively low hours continues to get smaller. So you look at the activity in the used jet market, those aircraft tend to move pretty quickly. And there is certainly not the number of them out there that created some of the issues for us on new aircraft sales in the past. So the reality is there is not a whole lot of low-time relatively new jets out there that are competing for someone who wants to have a new jet who wants to have warranty, who wants to have a new aircraft to think about that as a five to seven-year asset. So I think we are certainly seeing less competition from the used side and I would expect that that will continue to be the case.
Jon Raviv: And how are you feeling about Longitude pricing going into entering into service? And then one more on the new products. How are you thinking about Hemisphere strategy at this point? Any updates there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, in Longitude, we are treating the same way that we are treating the rest of the aircraft. I mean, obviously, when you get through the certification here, there is an awful lot of activity on the aircraft. A lot of customers have been flying this thing. I think its an impressive aircraft from a performance standpoint. Its best in class. Its got a lot of features that are really impressing our customers when you get certification done so that we can really start moving aircraft into the market. But, again, we are trying to maintain the appropriate price integrity on that thing and make sure that we do it at a reasonable margin. Obviously, its a significant investment to bring an aircraft like that to the market and we need to make sure that we get a good return on it. In terms of Hemisphere, look, I think everybody knows there have been some issues around the engine that was slated for that aircraft. At this point we basically have suspended the program and are waiting to see how the engine plays out. And then based on that, well make our decisions and move forward knowing what the performance of the engine is.
Jon Raviv: And then just last one, just going to the year we felt like 1Q is going to be a bit light due to some delivery timing, any of those deliveries kind of moved around? Or is it still fair to say that we should see incremental earnings improvement throughout the year off of this 1Q level?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think with Q1 again, we feel good about where Q1 was in terms of both deliveries and order activity. Q1 is usually the lightest quarter, and as I kind of said with George, I think its fair to assume that well see incremental volume as we move through the course of the year.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Drew Lipke with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Drew Lipke: Just circling back to an earlier question around Bell, understanding that Military can kind of mask the backlog trends that we are seeing within commercial, any color you can provide on just Bell commercial order trends and backlog and what we are seeing there?
Scott Donnelly: I think our order trend and backlog build continues to be positive. Really through the last year and into this year, the commercial market activity has been strong.
Drew Lipke: And then can you maybe just comment on what are the benefits of having industrial all under one roof here? Maybe what are the synergies that industrial brings to you from an overall portfolio perspective? And can you maybe quantify those synergies for us?
Scott Donnelly: I am not really sure how I would answer the question. I mean, its each of the businesses in Industrial are pretty sizable businesses. Theyre pretty big players in their markets on their own right and thats how we manage them. And I think theyre very competitive and very strong in their respective industries.
Drew Lipke: And then just last one on systems. What sort of opportunities are you seeing in terms of your unmanned portfolio with the administrations push for more international sales? What does that opportunity pipeline look like for you?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think there is always been a really significant international opportunity for Unmanned Systems, which not just our business but for all U.S. businesses that has been greatly impacted by our export policies. I think everybody will tell you that. And unfortunately, we see lots of opportunities that come and go every year, which are won by either European or other countries because of our export policies. So certainly the language or the rhetoric that we are hearing would be positive to allow U.S. companies to compete in that space, but that remains to be seen. The rhetoric sounds good. Whether that actually turns into policy and execution that allows us to compete in those international marks is still to be determined. But its been a huge hindrance to the business, and like I say, there is lots of business thats done by the Russians, by the Chinese, by the Israelis, by other European countries that we are effectively blocked from participating.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Ronald Epstein with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ronald Epstein: Just a couple quick things. On the turboprop demand, whats your sense on what's driving that? Whats bringing that back? Because it sort of mysteriously disappeared, and now its come back. What happened?
Scott Donnelly: I dont know, Ron. Just demand went down, and then it came back. Look, I think international economies were obviously been struggling for a while, and I think a lot of these aircraft go into border patrol, and sort of Medevac, and a lot of sort of special applications, and a lot of foreign economies both government and the private sector were in a pretty tough spot. The U.S. dollar was extremely strong, which was a big problem. It wasnt a question of do they want the aircraft or not. It was when the dollar strengthened like that, it made that acquisition just a lot more expensive for them. So I think as we have seen some weakening of the dollar and some strengthening of those economies, the intersection of that has generated the capability. So its not like we ever lost share or that we werent able to win deals. I think our aircraft both the King Air family and the Caravan family are highly sought after. Theyre great aircraft. They meet that mission in both private and government sectors. Its just it was tough economics for them, and I think again weakening dollar and strengthening economies for them is allowing them to go back to purchasing.
Ronald Epstein: Now as a follow on, SkyCourier, how is the program going? And you had a real nice launch customer. Have you seen kind of follow-on interest in the program since the launch?
Scott Donnelly: We have had a ton of inquiry, Ron. I think the notion that you could do - I mean, for years we refer to it as a twin Caravan. Right? I mean that space the Caravan fits today in that just a workhorse aircraft. We have, as you know, those things are used for cargo. Theyre used for passengers all over the world. And the reputation the aircraft had, we have always had this notion of should you do a bigger one? Can you do a twin version of that? Its always been sort of on the back burner and something that we have thought about.  And I think the opportunity when FedEx said, we are serious about this, we really need to move into something thats a larger aircraft, it was a perfect opportunity and a perfect customer to work with to go to find this thing. And clearly once it was announced, we were getting calls all over from both people that are interested in that cargo version as well as a 19-seat pass version of it. So I think its going to be a home run. We have got a great launch customer obviously, and we expect we are going to have really strong demand beyond that.
Ronald Epstein: And the development program is tracking where you expected to be roughly now?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, absolutely. We got through the wind tunnel work. So we are pretty happy with where the thing is. Remember, Ron, these are engines that exist. Its avionics that exist. Its construction, mechanical, aerodynamic work thats right up our alley, and this is an aircraft we know how to go design it, we know how to go build it, and we dont have to go invent something wildly new to do it. So the team knows the speed to market here is important, and there is nothing really standing in our way from making this a huge success and doing it on a pretty aggressive timeline.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Yes, I was just wondering in terms of the share buyback, are you going to do this evenly through the year? Are you going to try and do an accelerated buyback? If you can just give some perspective on that.
Scott Donnelly: Our assumptions right now, George, are that we are just going to continue to do it through the course of the year. I mean, that doesnt preclude an ASR or something like that, but our plan is that we would probably just play it out over the course of the year.
Eric Salander: Okay. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us. And that concludes our call for today.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-31 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Salander - VP, IR Scott Donnelly - Chairman and CEO Frank Connor - CFO
Analysts: Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies Carter Copeland - Melius Research Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Peter Arment - Baird Cai Rumohr - Cowen & Company Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Justin Bergner - Gabelli and Company Jon Raviv - Citi Seth Seifman - JPMorgan George Shapiro - Shapiro Research Ronald Epstein - Bank of America Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley Drew Lipke - Stephens
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Textrons Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays call is being recorded. Now, I will turn the conference over to your host, Eric Salander, VP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Sean and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, Id like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and in todays press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textrons Chairman and CEO and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Textrons revenues in the quarter were 4 billion, up 192 million from last year. During this year's fourth quarter, we had a couple of notable items that impacted our performance as we disclosed earlier this month in our 8-K filing. First, as a result of the recently passed Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the company recorded provisional tax charge in the fourth quarter of 266 million or $1 per share related to the re-measurement of net deferred tax assets and the repatriation tax on our non-US undistributed earnings.  Second, we recorded 55 million in pretax restructuring charges or $0.14 per share after tax. Adjusted income from continuing operations was $0.74 per share, down $0.06 from last year's fourth quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was 474 million compared to 727 million last years fourth quarter. For the year, revenues were 14.2 billion, up 3% from a year ago. Adjusted income from continuing operations was $2.45 per share compared to $2.62 last year. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was 889 million, up from 573 million last year. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric and good morning, everybody. Revenues were up in the quarter with increases at industrial and Bell, partially offset by lower revenues at aviation and systems. At Bell, revenues were up on higher military volumes for the quarter. We delivered 7 V-22s, up from 4 last year; 13 H-1s, up from 8 last year and 45 commercial helicopters compared to 35 in last years fourth quarter.  On the commercial side, we continue to see a pickup in order demand across a broad base of customers. We've seen several recently signed 412 orders for customers in Southeast Asia. We received an order from Reignwood International for 50 505s as a follow on to the 60 aircraft that were ordered earlier this year. We also received an order from Mercy Flight for three 429s to upgrade the remainder of the existing air medical fleet.  On the new product front, we achieved first flight of our Bell V-280 Valor tiltrotor, representing a major milestone on this important development program. The systems revenues were down on lower volumes, primarily at Weapons and Sensors related to the discontinuance of the SFW production program. In the quarter, we received an FMS order for the Afghan National Army for 55 mobile strike force vehicles with a potential for up to 200 additional units. At TRU Simulation and Training, we signed an agreement with Copa airlines to provide a Boeing 737 MAX Full Flight SIM to fulfill the Latin American Airlines growing pilot training requirements. Moving to Industrial, revenues were up 20% for the quarter, primarily reflecting the impact of Arctic Cat. We saw improved demand in the snow retail channel, allowing dealers to clear older inventory and drive 2018 model sales, including our new introductions in the youth and mountain categories. We also saw higher sales in our E-Z-GO product line, led by our new lithium powered ELiTE golf car. At Textron GSC, our ground transport business received an order from Airpro in Finland for seven [indiscernible] Typhoon de-icers.  Moving to Textron Aviation, revenues were 1.4 billion, down 3%. In the quarter, we delivered 58 jets, flat with last year, 31 King Airs, up from 28 in last years fourth quarter and two Beechcraft T-6 trainers, down from 8 last year. For the full year, we delivered 180 jets, up from last years 178, including 54 Latitude deliveries. Since the introduction in 2015, weve now delivered 112 Latitudes, demonstrating the importance of new product development in this industry. We saw strong order intake in the quarter for both turboprops and jets, including 8 caravans for charter cargo and logistics operators in Botswana, 3 King Air 250s to a North American customer configured for air ambulance services and three Latitudes for a fractional operator in Mexico. Moving to the aftermarket, increased aircraft utilization continue to drive higher aftermarket revenues, which were up over 11% in the quarter.  To summarize the year, we continued to execute our plan for growth through strategic acquisitions and new product innovation to create long term shareholder value. At Industrial, the integration of Arctic Cat continues and reflects our strategy of acquisitions that complement our core businesses and product lines. Equally important is the need to continue to innovate through new product introductions, which was evident throughout Textrons specialized vehicles.  Earlier this year, we unveiled the revolutionary E-Z-GO ELiTE lithium powered golf car, which has now seen over 21,000 units delivered. On the snow side, we introduced a class leading Arctic Cat ZR 200 new snowmobile as we continue to develop our [slate of] [ph] product line up. In December, we introduced the Textron offroad Havoc X, the best-in-class high performance side by side featuring 100 horsepower and a class leading four wheel double A-arm suspension package. At Textron systems, we advanced our ship to shore program towards first flight, introduced the night warden tactical unmanned aircraft system and received a follow-on FMS mobile strike force vehicle order. At Textron airborne solutions, were making the necessary investments to position the business to capitalize on the growing era of the [indiscernible] services market. Moving to Bell, we saw the V-22 fleet surpass 400,000 flight hours, demonstrating the reliability of order technology, which we further evolved to another significant milestone, which was the first flight of the V-280. On the commercial side, strong order activity for the new 505 Jet Ranger X and the resumption of the 525 relentless flight test program demonstrates Bells position as an innovative leader in the commercial helicopter market. At Textron Aviation, we saw improved order intake in the back half of the year as well as the strengthening of the international market. On the new product front, the Longitude is nearing the end of its flight test program and we anticipate certification in the first quarter. This new entry in the super mid-sized business aircraft market offers class leading range, payload and cruise speed along with a quietest interior in the industry. In November, we announced the Cessna SkyCourier, the new twin engine large utility turboprop. The FedEx is our launch customer with an initial fleet order of 50 aircraft. In summary, we came in to 2017 knowing it would be a challenging year with uncertainties surrounding many of our end markets, several key product development programs nearing key milestones and restructuring and integration activities in many of our businesses. That said, we have entered now on 505 into service, 525 is resuming its flight test program. We achieved first flight on the V-280. We had successful demonstration on both the Scorpion and the AT-6 in the US Air Force OA-X program. The Longitude is nearing its certification and entering to service. Denali is progressing towards first flight and we've successfully integrated the integration of Arctic Cat. With these accomplishments behind us in improving end markets, we're well positioned coming into 2018. As we look at our financial guidance, we're projecting revenues of about 14.6 billion as we expect growth at aviation and industrial, with lower revenues at Bell and Systems. We expect margin improvements across aviation, industrial and systems, with Bell about flat. EPS from continuing operations will be in the range of $2.95 to $3.15. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions will be in the range of 700 million to 800 million and consistent with 2017, we expect a substantial portion of the cash to be returned to shareholders through share repurchase programs again in 2018. With that, Ill turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott and good morning everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was 360 million, down 31 million from the fourth quarter of 2016 on 192 million increase in revenues. Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. At Textron Aviation, revenues of 1.4 billion were down 3% from this period last year, primarily due to lower military volume. Segment profit was 120 million, down from 135 million a year ago, primarily due to higher research and development expense, largely driven by the Longitude flight test program. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at 1.2 billion, up 15 million from the end of the third quarter. Moving to Bell, revenues were 983 million, up 11% on higher military volumes, partially offset by lower commercial volumes. Segment profit of 114 million was down 12 million despite the increase in revenues, primarily related to a change in commercial mix. Backlog in the segment was 4.6 billion at the end of the quarter, down 407 million from the end of the third quarter. At Textron systems, revenues were 489 million, down from 532 million a year ago on lower volume at weapons and sensors. Segment profit of 37 million was down 16 million, primarily reflecting the lower volume at weapons and sensors. Backlog in the segment was 1.4 billion, down 67 million from the end of the third quarter. Industrial revenues were 1.1 billion, up 20% largely related to Arctic Cat. Segment profit was up 10 million from the fourth quarter of last year due to favorable performance. Finance segment revenues decreased 3 million and profit increased 2 million. Moving below segment profit, corporate expenses were 44 million compared to 56 million last year. This reflected the transition of the Scorpion program into the aviation segment. Interest expense was 38 million, an increase of 5 million compared to last year. With respect to our restructuring plan, we recorded pre-tax charges of 55 million on the special charges line in the quarter. This represents the final charge under our restructuring programs. We ended the year with gross manufacturing debt of 3.1 billion. For the full year, we repurchased approximately 12 million shares at an overall cost of about $582 million. Turning out to 2018, our guidance includes the impact of adopting the new revenue recognition accounting standard. This adoption principally impacts Bell and Textron Systems as we will transition government contracts from recognizing revenue at delivery to a cost incurred method. The impact of the new method will be immaterial to our overall segment profit with revenue slightly higher at Textron Systems and relatively unchanged at Bell. Also related to this adoption, we will record an increase to retained earnings of approximately $90 million in the first quarter of 2018 with no restatement of prior periods. Additionally, we are adopting a new pension accounting standard that will change how we present pension and OPEB costs on our income statement, but will not change our segment reporting. The effective adopting of this accounting standard will not have a material impact to our financial results. Finally to align with new revenue recognition standards, our R&D guidance is now presented on a gross basis whereas we previously netted US government shared R&D costs. Turning now to our presentation, Ill begin with our segments on slide 9. At Textron aviation, we're expecting higher revenues of about $5 billion, reflecting higher volumes across all our product lines. Segment margin is expected to be approximately 8%, reflecting the higher volume and improved performance. Looking to Bell, we're expecting overall revenues will be slightly down at about 3.2 billion, reflecting lower military volumes. We're forecasting a margin of about 12%. At systems, we're estimating lower 2018 revenues of about 1.6 billion, reflecting lower volumes in unmanned systems and weapons and sensors. Segment margin is expected to be 8%. At industrial, we're expecting growth in each of our businesses resulting in projected segment revenue of about 4.7 billion and a margin of about 8%. At finance, we're forecasting segment profit of about 20 million turning. Turning to slide 10, based on a US plan discount rate of 3.75%, we're estimating 2018 pension cost to be $40 million, down from last year. Turning to slide 11, gross R&D is expected to be about 620 million, down from 634 million in 2017. We're estimating CapEx will be about 525 million, up from last year.  Moving below the segment line and looking at slide 12, we're projecting about 130 million for corporate expense, 140 million for interest expense, a full year effective tax rate of about 22.5%. Our estimated tax rate for 2018 is lower than 17 due to the enactment of the Tax Cut and Jobs Act of 2017. Our guidance assumes a share count of about 263 million shares, reflecting the continuation of our share repurchase activity in 2018. That concludes our prepared remarks. So Sean, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Our first question will come from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: I guess first one on aviation margins, youre assuming up 150 basis points to 8% for aviation. How do we think about the R&D impact, mix and pricing factored into those assumptions?
Scott Donnelly: Sheila, I think its largely favorable on all fronts. I mean, obviously as on the R&D front, as we finished last year's work around the Scorpion program, obviously we had a lot of work around the Longitude, we're complete with the Scorpion activity, the Longitude here will wrap up in the first quarter. Obviously, we have Denali coming along. We've got the SkyCourier, I mean, there's certainly plenty of work, but on a year-over-year basis, it's certainly a tailwind for them.  As weve talked about, we will certainly have a better volume on our T-6 line, which has been a good business for us as we increase that. We certainly expect to see some margin improvement driven by that and we'll have a better year-over-year on the aftermarket side. We have seen a strong back half of the year, given the aircraft utilization rates are higher. So I think, particularly on a year-over-year basis, well benefit from that as we go into the first half. On the jet side, I don't think there will be a huge difference. We will have the initial Longitude deliveries, which is going to be most of the increase in the jet side of things. Obviously, the first few units will be at a lower margin rate, but that will correct as we get towards the back half of the year.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: And so in terms of pricing, there isnt a major pricing assumption there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we do have price factored in. And as you will see, we had fairly strong year-over-year pricing increases here in the fourth quarter and we'll continue to do that. Part of what we're looking at in terms of volume anticipation in our plan is that, there's no question that we, I think, everyone feels much better about where we are in the end market here in terms of demand. So I think we're certainly -- compared to 2017 entering into a much better market. We are going to continue to drive price to make sure that it's healthy volume and I think that we will -- we were successful in doing that this year and I think well be successful doing it next year as well. So there will be obviously a positive contribution on the pricing side.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: And then as it regards to Scorpion R&D, I believe you might have ended up at 100 million for 2017, how do we think about that into 2018? Is there any way to quantify this?
Scott Donnelly: It was not that high, Sheila. We dont give R&D program by program, but certainly it's going to de minimis in 2018. There is still some customer activity going on, some demo flights, integration with a couple of different sensors that customers have asked us about, but it will be an immaterial number in 2018.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Carter Copeland from Melius Research.
Carter Copeland: Look, I wondered if you could give us just a little bit more color around the gross R&D disclosure. I think you dont disclose the R&D by program, but just kind of give us a sense of some of the moving pieces there year-over-year. Clearly, you've got Longitude and Scorpion are down and 525 is up, but now you've got that government portion that you called out in there, just any chance you can give us some color on the moving pieces there, just in general terms?
Scott Donnelly: I think when you look at our numbers, Carter, weve recast last year so that this issue of what's netted versus gross is kind of a non-issue, we were showing you the numbers on an apples-to-apples basis. So the actual reduction that we're showing, again, your dynamics that you're kind of looking at are correct, right. We have significantly lower spend on Scorpion, we will see [indiscernible] some of the more intense spending around Longitude as we get that through certification. Principally thats offset by the fact that we have the 525 back in flight test and we have the V-280 in flight test. So that aircraft did get its first flight last year, but the guys are flying it a lot here in January and we expect to see that sustained all the way through the year. So it's largely a trade between a couple of those fixed wing programs and a couple -- some increased spending in the rotor and tiltrotor area.
Carter Copeland: And then an additional one for Frank on the pension front, any consideration around prefunding associated with the change in tax?
Frank Connor: Well, we did that last year. We did that in the third quarter. We did an offering kind of in the third quarter for $300 million and contributed that to the pension plan. So we feel like we're in very good shape. We did have a discount rate reduction, but frankly that was offset by our performance from a return standpoint in 2017 that was well above our expected rate and so we feel like we're in good shape on the pension front and do not anticipate any contributions as we said other than the 55 million of cash related to kind of unfunded plans.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Robert Stallard from Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard: Scott, your counterpart over at General Dynamics had some pretty positive things to say about the bizjet market in the fourth quarter. Would you agree with her general prognosis that we've seen a distinct turn in demand environment over the last three months?
Scott Donnelly: I would never disagree with Phebe. Look, I think what they're seeing in the larger aircraft is probably quite similar with what we're seeing in the light to mid-size where most of our work is. I think, the number of inquiries, the amount of activity through the fourth quarter, as you know, for us to sustain a one-to-one or greater book to bill in a fourth quarter, considering that's our seasonably very heavy sales side is a pretty significant accomplishment I think for our team to hold that book to bill. So, the amount of activity, the interest that I think is reflective of the fact that we have a stronger growth economy.  Business confidence is up and these are our buyers. So I think there's no question that the level of activity out there is stronger than we've seen in some time. Again, we're being a little bit cautious and making sure that we see all the stuff really convert and continue to convert into orders at a fair price and if that continues to happen, I think we feel the same about our business that it's in a very good position. Weve got some great new products. I think we're well positioned that if this market is in fact strengthening and it does deliver, that well be in good shape to benefit from that.
Robert Stallard: And then a follow-up on your investment plans, in terms of company funded R&D and CapEx going forward, where do you see this heading in 2019 and 2020?
Scott Donnelly: Were just kind of recovering from our 2018 activity. I don't know if I go into 19 and 20 just yet, but look, I think if you look at the work that we have underway, the amount of investment that we think we need to make to make sure that we have the right products in place in our key businesses to ensure that we can capitalize on strong markets, I don't think there's going to be a huge change in the R&D. Obviously, we expect it to continue to generate a tailwind in terms of percent of sales, but we have a lot of great stuff in the pipeline in aviation. We have a lot of great stuff in the pipeline at Bell. We have a lot of great stuff going on in the vehicle business and these are things where you need to make these investments, if you're going to continue to grow the business. So again, I don't think we'll see radical changes in terms of the R&D spend, but obviously our expectation is that it will reduce as a percent of sales.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Peter Arment from Baird.
Peter Arment: Scott, I guess finally to get pretty excited about the Longitude getting across the goal line here with certification. What's been some of the feedback now as you get close to kind of certification from some of the customers in terms of you've introduced before the aircraft too?
Scott Donnelly: Its been great, Peter. We have had a demo aircraft that's completely fitted out with full customer Interior that's been flying around, doing a lot of customer demos here for the last few months and I think the feedback has been great. It's a great cabin, I mean from a space standpoint, we get a lot of the same feedback that we got in the Latitude, which has been obviously a very, very well received product.  Obviously, this is a bigger aircraft. It's a longer aircraft, it's a very quiet aircraft. It is the quietest aircraft in the industry and we get that feedback very strong, customers getting back of this thing and do a demo flight and are amazed at how quiet and as a result comfortable it is in the back of that aircraft. So again, the feedback is great. We need to get this thing across the goal line on the certification and we feel good about where the aircraft is. It's flown beautifully. I mean, its -- there's no issues there. Its a matter of getting through the paperwork and certification process, which we will do.
Peter Arment: And then just a quick one, maybe Frank or just on the CapEx step up, what's really driving that this year.
Scott Donnelly : Well, the big step up is, as we've kind of been public with Peter is we're acquiring quite a few assets to be able to support these adversary air programs and so that's really the change in year-over-year is our acquisition of aircraft. The Navy program is in proposal phase right now. The Air Force is already having their industry days. So, there is a huge opportunity out there in terms of the number of hours that the US government and I believe, ultimately international customers as well are going to look to private contractors to provide adversary air and the reality is, if you dont have the assets, you cant do it. So, the only tough part of this for us is you got to get out in front of it and spend the capital to have the assets and get everything prepared in terms of maintenance facilities and demos, so there's a little bit of a drag frankly in there to support that, but it's a huge growth opportunity and one that seems to be materializing.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Cai Rumohr from Cowen & Company.
Cai Rumohr: So last year, you projected R&D and this is on a net basis for 2017 of 495 and the gross number was 634, so what was the number apples to apples, 17 versus -- achieved versus 17 projected.
Scott Donnelly: Hold on a second. Were on apple-to-apple and so that we can get to your other apple-to-apple out.
Cai Rumohr: If you tell me what the military is, I think we can back into it. Hello.
Scott Donnelly: We're just trying to go back to the guidance number.
Cai Rumohr: It was 495 net.
Scott Donnelly: It was about 520.
Cai Rumohr: So basically you overran your guide by 25 million and I assume a lot of that was with Scorpion and to a lesser extent the Longitude?
Scott Donnelly: It was primarily driven by the support we put into the Air Force experimental program. So between mission system development on Scorpion as well as the cost to get the AT-6 up and running and configured and ready for that test, that's most of what drove the spend. So when we started the year, we didn't know anything about the Air Force experimentation program and obviously putting two aircraft in to that program was not in our plan.
Cai Rumohr: All right. And maybe you said that the outlook is good to sell them. Who's going to buy it and when?
Scott Donnelly: Are you talking about Scorpion?
Cai Rumohr: Yeah. Scorpion or AT-6, either ones.
Scott Donnelly: So, look, I think that the Air Force has been very open about the fact that they're working on determining their next steps. We have a reason to believe that they're doing that in terms of what their next step is going to be. The CR complicates that process for them, because obviously these are new programs and therefore they don't really have any budget authority under CR to do that, but we know they're working to determine what those next steps will be. I think the next steps again will be different for different platforms, but it would be presumptuous to talk much about that since they haven't been able to publicly say what they want to go do until they understand their budget situation. In terms of non-US not related things, as I said, we still have customers that are in discussions with us. There are ongoing activities. I think the level of activity in terms of what we have to spend to support those at this point is pretty de minimis, but we have customers coming in, asking questions, looking at integration of different systems and we continue to support that.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Pete Skibitski from Drexel Hamilton.
Pete Skibitski: Scott, I was wondering if you can talk more about what you're hearing in terms of the impact of tax reform to your light bizjet customer base. They've got the corporate rate reduction, which I imagine, if you're a small business owner, that's got to be helpful. You've got, I think the media expensing up to 2022, but you've also got just kind of issue the repeal, light kind exchanges. So just wondering how you're hearing thats all going to net out for your bizjet customer base?
Scott Donnelly: Look, I think it nets out all to the positive really. Right. So, there's certainly a benefit to them, sort of what I would say mechanically around tax. That is the 100% expensing is beneficial. The overall tax rate reduction for all these businesses is obviously very helpful. And I think probably even more importantly, I think everybody's expectation is that and I think we're seeing this is that the impact of the tax cuts beyond the mechanics here is to help drive economic growth and get GDP at a higher level and I think we're seeing that and that reflects when a guy is sitting there, looking at his business and what their anticipation, what their expectations are for the growth of their own business, I think this is what's driving business confidence to a very high level.  So I think the combination of the direct tax benefit around expensing, the low rate that theyre experiencing in their business and probably most importantly, the level of confidence they have that they're going to see growth in their business as a result of higher economic growth, higher GDP primarily around the US is all very positive. So I think that is a huge help in terms of the US market and I think we're also seeing stimulation around the international markets. And again the US helps to drive that.  If we have higher economic growth, that's good for generally speaking economies around the world, a little bit of weakening on the dollar obviously for a company like ourselves, the US manufacturer with a lot of export is beneficial. So I think that not only the direct impact around tax in the US, but the knock on benefits in some of the international markets is clearly we're seeing a different tone in those markets as well. So sort of a combination of all of the above.
Pete Skibitski: One quick headwind, at systems in 2018, could you guys quantify the year-over-year headwind from the Sensor Fuzed weapon closure and then, so UAVs will be down in 18. Are they going to bounce back, return to growth or will that be kind of a flattish outlook going forward for UAVs?
Scott Donnelly: Well, certainly, its going to be down this year, Peter. The question is going to be, there are a couple of new upgrade programs and things that are in the works, but again if this is one of our challenges in again that business, which has a large US centric customer base is where do the budgets go, when do we get budgets, I mean, there's a lot of noise around that. There's certainly opportunities around that class of aircraft to look at next generations of upgrades and enhancements and improvements, which we would benefit if that goes forward, but without having budgets, it's hard to figure out exactly where that is.  So it's in terms of the future, its hard for me to comment directly on that. I can't give you the direct number, I don't think of SFW, but last year, we went basically, if you think about what our SFW was, we had about 50% of what we usually have last year and we have a 0% this year. So were sort of taking a two-step from what that business historically was to basically being out of that business right now. Now, there are a number of new weapons, munitions programs that we're bidding on, that we're actively pursuing. Again, the budget situation makes it difficult to know exactly where these are going, but that's certainly a business where we've gone through a steep decline as a result of the exit of SFW, but obviously we have a lot of work going on to try to get that piece of the business back in a growth trajectory.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Sam Pearlstein from Wells Fargo.
Sam Pearlstein: Can you just tell us what your underlying assumptions are in terms of aviation delivery this year? We know the Longitude is coming in, but just kind of jets versus King Airs T-6s broadly, how are you thinking about it year-over-year?
Scott Donnelly: I'd say probably, Sam, the jets, we're assuming at this point largely flattish with the exception of an increase driven by the Longitude introduction. The Turboprops, clearly, we expect those to be up, T-6 and we talked about all year, this was a tough year for us in 17 on T-6s, we see a nice increase in T-6 deliveries in 2018. We saw a fairly weak front half of the year on the commercial turboprops. Obviously, we're feeling better about where we're going in to 2018 in terms of the level of activity and frankly some backlog in those areas.  So I certainly think that we'll see increases in the commercial turboprop in total as well and again, we saw strong growth in the second half of the year in the service side of the business, driven by high utilization rates. So clearly, we would expect that we'll see that continue, which means we will see particularly comparables in the first and second quarter of the year will be stronger than they were in 17. You get to the back half of the year, I mean it's hard to say at this point, but it's -- because we saw a lot of growth year-over-year already in those two quarters. But as far as I say Sam, I think that if you look at jets principally driven in our assumptions around Longitude, service growth and clearly in material, well probably see growth, especially on the military side of the business.
Sam Pearlstein: And is there any way to think about in terms of new programs, whether it's 525 or Longitude, how many you can expect to get out this year.
Scott Donnelly: Well, so we don't go -- we don't do units by model. Obviously, we expect to get a certification by the end of the quarter, so you would expect to enter into service with first customer deliveries in the second quarter and look, again, it depends a lot on how the market is doing and Id say, the feedback on the aircraft is very strong. As weve seen in recent times as you won't start to see lot of these things closed orders until you worked your way through the certification. So we kind of have to play that by year. So 525, you won't have sales this year, right. We should get all of our flight test program complete and wrapped up by the end of the year. Everything should be in to the FAA and well be working at the certification process at the end of 18. But we certainly don't expect to see sales, the first 525 sales activity should be 19.
Sam Pearlstein: And then just more on Bell, I guess 12% margins on modestly lower sales, last year, you started at 11 in terms of the margin ended up doing better. It feels like what has changed in the helicopter business thats allowing you to put up these kind of margins versus the 10% or 11% and what are those key drivers in terms of whats down year-over-year on a sales level?
Scott Donnelly: Well, what's down on a year-over-year sales level will be on the military side, right. We'll see fewer military sales. I think that we certainly hope to turn that corner. There's a lot of FMS activity thats going on. Obviously, we've been frustrated by lack of notifications in Congress, some things in the Middle East, but clearly we have customers that want product and we think we'll get some of that progressed into the order category here as we work our way through 18 to try to get that turnaround. We certainly expect to be up on the commercial side. We have a good full year of strong deliveries on 505s.  We've closed couple of important orders on 412s. So well certainly see an increase in 412 volumes this year, which is a great product for us obviously. So, in general, you're seeing a trade between some military product that's going to be the lower volume and commercial thats going to be at a higher volume, but net of all that, I think the team is doing a nice job of managing, driving good activity to help offset some significant investments in the new product front, but it's a pain for all for us. The 505 is driving good volume, the 412 VPI, those upgrade programs are helping to give the 412 alive and well and obviously we have the 525 and the B280 coming down the line. So, I think the business is doing a nice job of driving productivity, maintaining strong margins and yet making some pretty significant investments in products that are going to drive our future growth.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Justin Bergner from Gabelli and Company.
Justin Bergner: I just want to discuss the demand for business jets and tax reform. First off, as it relates to personal purchases of business jets, are you, as a team, aware of anything that would prevent someone from buying a business jet and taking the full deduction on their personal tax return to get a deduction where the state and local tax deduction might be going away for a wealthy individual.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean, it has to be a business expense, right. So I mean we certainly have individuals that purchase aircraft and they have to pro rata the depreciation between business and personal utilization. But no, absolutely, there is nothing in the tax law that changes with respect to how that's done. The only difference is that its 100% expensing versus the 50%. Well, I mean, obviously, we have bonus depreciation, which is 50% year one. But no, there's no change in the tax law. It's purely a matter of allocation between a legitimate business expense or a personnel expense.
Justin Bergner: And then, there was a big article in The Sunday Times by a London based business jet broker talking about sort of extraordinary ramp up in demand for business jets. Over recent months, are you seeing any signs of sort of meaningful acceleration. I know you have a tempered guidance for business jets, but are there signs that you're seeing that suggest maybe things are going to ramp up much quicker than your guidance would suggest?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I have to say I don't usually read the Sunday Times, so I don't know this, but this is a article, but look, we are -- I think the sentiment that we're seeing in customer interaction, the level of activity is all very positive, we need to see these things come to fruition. There's no question that in the used aircraft market, that's continued to be a good liquidity. People are selling aircraft. Good news for us is we see fewer trades because the market is strong enough, the brokers out there are being able to move aircraft. So what I hope is right and obviously we think with the investments that we've made and the product lineup we have that if the market strengthens, well be a big beneficiary of that, but I think we need to see sort of that, the enthusiasm that we sense that's out there turning to sales.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Jon Raviv from Citi.
Jon Raviv: When you look at slide 9 of your presentation, where do you see some of the opportunities or risks, not just in 18 but really going forward and maybe speaking more about something like systems where in the past, we've seen double digit margin, industrial margin used to be higher and obviously aviation could be higher as well. On a long run basis, where do you want to see improvement in your segment?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we'd like to see improvement everywhere. I mean I kind of still think that we work with the guys all through the year, but look aviation, when we look at the aviation number, obviously, we are assuming a relatively flattish legacy jet line. And clearly, we have the ability to flex that, if we do see stronger demand. So if we see stronger demand, if market is there, then we can see upside to that. I think at Bell, you're probably not able to see a whole lot of upside on the revenue side and we pretty much know what that number is. The guys do a good job generally as we work our way through the year on the productivity side, but I think it's a pretty solid guide.  Obviously, well try to work to get a little upside on the profitability side, but it's, I think, even at 12%, the business is doing really well and it's pretty balanced performance. Look, systems is tough, because if you take SFW out, which is a great program for us, we're kind of heavy right now on things like ship to shore, which are great programs, I mean there's going to be a lot of volume there and a great business going forward, but we're still in that sort of fixed price development and were working in the integration and testing to come along okay. We should get some major milestones this year as we get the thing into the water and get it operating and go through trials.  But, I wouldn't say that there's a lot of upside there, just given the nature of the kind of programs that we're executing right now. Industrials, probably, I mean a pretty solid guide I think. I mean there's, it gets Arctic Cat to where its accretive, it's pretty solid performance, but I think that's where we would really expect to be. So thats kind of color around that I guess. Clearly, the largest upside would be if the business aviation market really does start to accelerate and well benefit from that.
Jon Raviv: And just in your commentary about the tax reform bill, creating changes in the economy, what do you guys doing maybe almost philosophically, how are you guys approaching the way you're managing the business, capital allocation with this relatively wide ranging bill now legislated?
Frank Connor: It really hasn't changed our strategy. I mean, we've already been investing significantly in terms of R&D and our next generations of products. I think, we've been appropriately putting the capital in place to support that, be it in the tooling to support new product programs, continue to win and grow in our industrial businesses. So, I think our capital allocation strategy isn't really impacted. I mean, clearly, we will see a cash tax benefit in 18 as a result of the lower tax rates. And as I said, I think from a capital allocation perspective, we'll continue to pursue what we did in 17, which was frankly pretty aggressive on the buyback side and that's been our principal way of returning cash for our shareholders and I would expect to see that continue in 18.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Seth Seifman from JPMorgan.
Seth Seifman: Scott, in recent years, you guys have had some tough breaks in some of the end markets and some execution items that came up and so there's been a fair number  a fair amount of downward pressure on estimates. When you think about how you set up this year and how things are looking, I mean I know you always set the guidance and intend to make it, but in terms of like the puts and takes and how much risk there is around the guide this year compared to previous years, how would you sort of -- how would you assess that?
Scott Donnelly: Well, so I think its kind of the walk that we just did through the page 9 is kind of where I would say the puts and takes are to this thing. I mean, as weve said, weve struggled a little bit, particularly in the third quarter in some of the industrial, on TSV. I think the guys are getting that back on track. I mean, there's obviously still work to do in finishing the integration, but we're -- I think our guidance is a fair number. There is -- I don't know that I could add a whole lot more color to it. I mean I think, yeah, we ran into some softer end markets than we expected.  We had a couple of problem programs that put a lot of pressure on us in 17, which we started the year at 17 saying that we probably were dealing with a difficult year in terms of a lack of growth, which we've historically delivered. But I think we're positioned well going into 18. There's all these issues to work through the year, but I think a lot of the things that we need to do, both problem programs as well as some investments that we thought we needed to do and things we had to get in place for 18 are largely there. So I think we feel pretty good about where we are going into the year.
Seth Seifman: And just as a follow-up on V-22, maybe if you could give us an update on where you think we are in terms of signing the next multi-year in terms of you, if the type of appropriations bill thats being talked about gets signed, if that gives you, you think, a plus up and maybe kind of take some of the sting out of the decline thats coming for 2019 and 2020 and how you're thinking about preparing Bell for that, just sort of an overall update on V-22?
Scott Donnelly: Well, so V-22 is the multi-year three, negotiations are underway, right. We're working that in real time with the customer. I think they obviously are working and I'm trying to understand their budgets and that whole process to frame the program, but right now, I would say, we're probably looking at a Q2 or so contract to get multi-year 3 underway. I think the program record is well understood. Obviously, weve had the ads on the Navy program that are again well understood and I don't think there's going to be a whole lot of volatility around the volumes, but it will be a step down certainly from where it was in multi-year 2. But I dont think thats changed. I think it is probably looking like a five year program, all right. There was a while there, people were talking maybe it could be a seven year program. It's looking to me, I think the way they're going to appropriate, it will probably be in a more of a five year contract, which is fine.
Operator: We have a question from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research.
George Shapiro: Scott, I was wondering if you could break out at least a little bit overall, the back like increase or the book to bill that would have been in commercial versus military because it seems like military was down and commercial would have been up by more.
Scott Donnelly: George, I think from a color standpoint, the stuff that was in -- largely in the backlog, predominantly on the T-6 front has been there. So most of the movement you've seen was driven by the commercial side of the business.
George Shapiro: So if you took out the military side, what would be the commercial have been up?
Scott Donnelly: I don't think we'll probably do any more color than that, George in terms of the backlog.
George Shapiro: And then on R&D, why wouldnt R&D be down by more in 18? I mean, I figure Scorpion was maybe 75 million in 17, going down to pretty close to zero and you've got total backlog down, total R&D down 14 million. Longitude finishes, you start delivery here in the first quarter. So where's all the imputed higher R&D coming from?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we are obviously getting a benefit significantly lower funding as you say on the Scorpion program. We do have the Longitude, which will be still strong here in the -- at least in the first quarter or so of the year as we finish the certification testing. So we will certainly have less R&D spending on the fixed wing side, but we do have the knowledge heading towards its first flight. We do have the SkyCourier program, which is I think will be a great program for us and we're being pretty aggressive about getting all over that thing and doing that program in sort of that 30-month window and have a whole team work in that.  So it's not like R&D spending is going away in the fixed wing world. We do have work to do and I think programs that will be very strong growth programs for us. As I said, I think there is a bit of a shift here with 525 being back with the whole year of the flight test program, V-280, which again is a huge potential program for us. So a lot of R&D spending in that area to support that flight test program as well.
George Shapiro: And then last one, how long would it take for you to decide that you want to increase production rates if you saw continued strengthen in the business jet market, would that be something you could do in six months or would that be something that would more affect 19?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think we're in a position that we could affect 18 and more in a six month kind of a window.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Ronald Epstein from Bank of America.
Ronald Epstein: Can you give us an update on hemisphere in light of the engine issues, with the 5X program being killed at SO and then moving on to a different engine, where is that hemisphere and are you guys thinking about a different engine, just if you can give us an update on that.
Scott Donnelly: So, our guys are actively engaged or sort of real time I guess I would say Ron on that -- the issue of where is the engine and what will the scope and timeframe be to get the engine on track. So in the case of that particular aircraft, I mean I think what you saw, the 5X carriers do is go to a larger aircraft. You have to match engine airplanes obviously pretty well to make it work. That's obviously not a strategy that we would follow. So, in our case, to do that aircraft requires that engine. I mean to get the differentiation in the market, to fuel burn efficiency range and whatnot is dependent on that aircraft or on that engine, I'm sorry and the engine performing prospects.  So we are working with the guys to understand where they are and what their path forward is. And look, well have to sort of gate off of that, Ron. So right now, we're in a position where we haven't spent a ton of money on that program. We continue to do a lot of the early work that you need to do around key subsystems, selections and basic air dynamic work and whatnot. Thats at a fairly low level and we'll have to make a call, when do we lean into that program or not based on what we see as the engine timeline.
Ronald Epstein: Is there an opportunity there to maybe use Canada engine or something like that or is that kind of not a possibility?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think the challenge to do, to make that aircraft be what we want it to be, thats the engine that makes it work. So if you go to a larger engine, then you've got to go to a larger aircraft and that's a path that we're not going to do. Ultimately, again, it all depends on where this engine is. If the engine is not there, then you're kind of would do a step back and say, okay guys, what do we want to do. Going bigger doesn't make sense to us, so we would have to evaluate a change in our strategy, but again, its all predicated on where the engine is and we just don't know yet.
Ronald Epstein: And then maybe just a follow-on from that, if something didn't go well with Safran, is there any recourse for you guys or is it still too early to even project that?
Scott Donnelly: Well, no, not really, Ron. But again, we haven't put an enormous amount of money to that anyway at this stage of the game. So, there's obviously, I mean, you could, like I said, you could step back, you could suspend the program, you could -- there's a whole bunch of options here, but there's no significant financial harm that's been caused. So I mean, it's not like we would go back with any kind of recourse. You just have to wait and see how the engine program progresses.
Ronald Epstein: And then if I can, maybe just one more really big picture question. There's been a lot of talk in the general aviation community about like the electrification of aircraft, particularly around propulsion. Is Cessna looking at that at all? Do you have any thoughts on if thats kind of to Buck Rogers and far out there, is that something that could be more of a reality sooner?
Scott Donnelly: Look, we have spent some time and our kind of advanced concepts guys running numbers and looking at that, it's tough math, right. I mean when you look at how much energy is required to take an aircraft and go any kind of range with any kind of a weight, the energy storage technology just isn't there, right. I mean when you talk about anything in the air, weight is not your friend. So, we continue to look at that. By the way, we are doing the same thing on the rotorcraft side, right. I mean, we've probably done more work on the rotorcraft side because there are some small drone technologies and smaller vehicles that don't have to go this far and just the nature of a helicopter, you tend to do shorter ranges and less weight, so it's probably more feasible in the rotorcraft world.  Were doing short hop kind of things as opposed to the longer haul that you see in the fixed wing aviation side. But it's largely going to be driven by energy storage and electric propulsion, which for us is -- that's our supply base that does that. So are we actively engaged with guys that are working on that? Absolutely. Do I see it as becoming a material thing that is going to happen in the sort of mid timeframe? Probably not.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Rajeev Lalwani from Morgan Stanley.
Rajeev Lalwani: Just a question for you on the M&A landscape and how youre approaching it this year, whether its a buyer or seller of assets?
Scott Donnelly: We don't make any comments with respect to M&A on either front, Rajeev.
Rajeev Lalwani: And then as it relates to Bell, Scott, you were talking about not seeing too much in terms of margin opportunity, can you maybe highlight how an oil and gas opportunity would fit into that, just with oil and gas prices obviously a bit better here?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I don't think it has anything to do with the margin side of things, Rajeev. Yeah. I mean, were expecting the business around 12%. If you think about oil and gas, which I agree, I mean there is some -- certainly some strengthening in that -- in that end market, I think in terms of sales into the oil and gas industry, we are actually seeing some of that already, I mean, in some of the more near end, so therefore some the smaller helicopters, there is clearly opportunity in the longer haul here in terms of things like 525. But there is also a lot a assets out there, right. I mean as they went through a pretty tough contraction, theyve got a lot of assets back to work, but clearly we see that end market as a big opportunity for the 525 and hopefully here as we see that end market start to strengthen and we get the 525 through certification, well be about lined up in the right place, but it certainly won't be a 2018 impact.
Rajeev Lalwani: And a quicker clarification on Arctic Cat, could you say that is going to hit the target of being accretive this year.
Scott Donnelly: Yes.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Drew Lipke from Stephens.
Drew Lipke: On aviation and commercial turboprop, King Air deliveries still kind of a low level here in the second half, caravan deliveries were down pretty significantly year-over-year. You talked about inquiries picking up a little bit last quarter. Did you see that convert into increased orders and then maybe just a little commentary on that market for 2018?
Scott Donnelly: We did. I think the senior market started in the earlier part of last year, a little soft. It certainly strengthened as the year went on. I think we'll be in a pretty solid position here as we go through 18. Caravan similarly, we're quite soft in the first half of the year, got stronger as the year went on. I think we've seen a pretty strong level of order activity on caravan. So we feel very good about those going into 2018.
Drew Lipke: And then on Bell commercial, how much of the order book build or the strength that you've seen there has been tied to the China market and how much of that is due to just some of the regulatory changes that we've seen in that market and how is your opportunity there and how sustainable is it in your opinion?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think we haven't seen a lot of change on the regulatory side in the low altitude spaces. I mean that has been certainly more noise than other areas. We continue to feel very good about China in terms of how we're doing and particularly on the light side. So this past year obviously, we have large orders for 407s, large orders for 505s. So I think we feel very good about our position in the Chinese market, particularly as it has to do with the light, so particularly the 505 and the 407. And I think our deliveries into China this year as we look at our backlog and our customer base is, I think will be pretty strong.
Eric Salander: Okay. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us today and that concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for todays call. It is concluded. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-19 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Salander - Vice President, Investor Relations Scott Donnelly - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Frank Connor - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC George Shapiro - Shapiro Research Seth Seifman - JPMorgan Jon Raviv - Citigroup Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Bill Ledley - Cowen & Company Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley Peter Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Peter Arment - Robert W. Baird & Co. Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank Kristine Tan Liwag - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Drew Lipke - Stephens
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Textron Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Also as a reminder, todays teleconference is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the conference over to your host, Vice President, Investor Relations, Mr. Eric Salander. Please go ahead, sir.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Tony, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, Id like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in todays press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textrons Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Textrons revenues in the quarter were $3.5 billion, up $233 million from last years third quarter. During this years third quarter, we recorded $25 million of pre-tax special charges, or $0.05 per share after-tax. Excluding these items, adjusted income from continuing operations was $0.65 per share, up $0.04 from last years third quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $279 million, up from $94 million in last years third quarter. With that, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric, and good morning, everybody. Revenues were up 7% in the quarter, reflecting strong commercial demand at Bell, increased deliveries at Textron Systems and higher revenues in Industrial due to the acquisition of Arctic Cat. We saw strong execution at Bell again in the third quarter with a 13.1% operating margin, revenues were up on higher commercial volumes as we delivered 39 commercial helicopters, up from 25 in last years third quarter, 8 H-1s, flat with last year, and 5 V-22s, down from six last year. We delivered five 412s in the quarter related to the improved order flow weve seen over the past year. We also began deliveries of 407GXP to Shaanxi Energy Group in China on the order of 100 units that we announced earlier this year. Also during the quarter, we received an order for eight 407GXPs from Caverton Helicopters, which included Bells Customer Advantage Plan support solutions for each of the aircraft. Moving to military, we delivered our first two FMS H-1 aircraft for Pakistan in the quarter. On the development side, our V-280 Valor successfully achieved ground one testing at 100% RPM and remains on track for first flight this year. Our progress on this program was on full display at AUSA last week, where we featured a video of this achievement along with our full-size V-280 mockup. Our investment in this program aligns well with the Armys stated objective to accelerate product development and realize one of its key modernization priorities future vertical lift. Moving to Systems, revenues were up on higher TAPV deliveries. At TRU, we delivered six full flight simulators in the quarter as we continue to grow this business. In Unmanned Systems, we were awarded an FMS contract in Bulgaria, marking our first international system sale of our Aerosonde platform. In our Textron Airborne Solutions business, we acquired a fleet Mirage F1s in support of future adversary air contract competitions. Moving to industrial, we saw an 18% increase in revenues, primarily reflecting the impact of Arctic Cat. Overall margins were down, largely reflecting the diluted impact of the Arctic Cat acquisition and unfavorable volume and mix in other business. At Arctic Cat, were continuing to execute to our integration plan and we remain on track for the business to be accretive in earnings in 2018. Moving to Textron Aviation, revenues were down $44 million, as we delivered 41 jets flat with last year, 24 King Airs, down from 29 and 5 Beechcraft T-6 trainers compared to eight last year. We saw stronger international King Air and Caravan deliveries in the quarter, as compared to the first-half of the year. We recently received an additional order from Babcock Scandinavian Air Ambulance for 10 King Air 250s and the first medevac-configured Citation Latitude for deliveries beginning in 2018. This past week at NBAA, we celebrated the delivery of the 100 Citation Latitude, the best-selling midsize aircraft in the market today, achieving this milestone in just 26 months following entry into service. Also at the show, we displayed our first production Longitude aircraft with a fully fitted interior. Following the show, this aircraft embarked on a 46C demonstration tour as we look to begin deliveries in 2018. Moving to Textron Aviation Offense, our Scorpion and AT-6 Wolverine Aircraft, both performed extremely well during the U.S. Air Forces recent OA-X light attack demonstration program. And to sum up the quarter, we achieved top line growth and continued our strong cash performance, while furthering our business development efforts on new products across the businesses. With that, Ill turn it over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott. Good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $295 million, down $15 million from the third quarter of 2016 and a $233 million increase in revenue. Lets review how each of the segments contributed starting with Textron Aviation. At Textron Aviation, revenues were down $44 million from this period last year. Segment profit was $93 million, down from $100 million a year ago, primarily as a result of unfavorable performance and lower volume and mix, partially offset by a favorable impact from pricing. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1.2 billion, up $142 million from the second quarter. Moving to Bell, revenues were up $78 million due to higher commercial deliveries. Segment profit increased $9 million from the third quarter in 2016, primarily reflecting a favorable impact from performance and other. Backlog in the segment was $5 billion at the end of the quarter, down $413 million from the end of the second quarter. At Textron Systems, revenues were up $45 million, primarily due to higher volumes at Marine and Land Systems, partially offset by lower volume in the Weapons and Sensors product line. Segment profit was down $4 million. Backlog in the segment was $1.5 billion, down $85 million from the end of the second quarter. Industrial revenues increased $156 million, largely due to the impact of the Arctic Cat acquisition. Segment profit was down $17 million due to unfavorable volume and mix, pricing and inflation. Finance segment revenues decreased $2 million and profit increased $4 million. Moving below segment profit, corporate expenses were $30 million, down from $53 million last year, largely related to the transfer of the Scorpion program to Textron Aviation. Interest expense was $37 million, up from $35 million a year ago. Our effective tax rate in the third quarter of 2017 was 21.7%, included a net discrete tax benefit of $15 million, largely related to state income taxes. During the quarter, we recorded pre-tax special charges of $25 million. Year-to-date 2017, we have recognized pre-tax charges of $42 million under the restructuring plans that we announced last year. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 2.5 million shares, returning $122 million in cash to shareholders. We also took the opportunity to issue 300 million of 10-year notes at a rate of 3 and 3%ish and used the proceeds for a voluntary contribution to our pension plans. To wrap up, were updating our adjusted full-year EPS from continuing operations guidance to a range of $2.40 to $2.50 per share. We are also increasing our expected full-year manufacturing cash flow from continuing operations before pension contributions by $150 million to a range of $800 million to $900 million, with expected pension contributions of about $355 million. That concludes our prepared remarks. So, Tony, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hi, good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Just on the cash, sorry, the EPS guidance tightening of $0.10, can you maybe talk about where its coming? And if it is the industrial business, just whats going on within the profitability there?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, sure. I think theres two things that are contributing to sort of going towards the lower-half of our original guidance. And the first is, obviously, as you know, in the first quarter, we did take a charge associated with the TAPV program. So, the business overall has performed to our plan for the balance of the year. We expect it to perform to the balance of the year. But that charge in the first quarter is some thats basically flowing through the full-year overall compared to our original guidance in that segment. And then on the industrial side, look, I think, we had a fairly tough quarter in industrial, particularly in our vehicle business. The Arctic Cat work is going well, but we have thrown a lot of resources, particularly people at making sure that integration goes well. And frankly, we got a little behind on some of the rest of the business in terms of line rates and production output. As we worked our way through the quarter and as we go here and in the beginning of the fourth quarter, it looks like most of the line rates are back up to where we need them to be, were not likely to be able to catch up on some of the miss from Q3. And so I think if you look at those two dynamics, obviously, those I think coming in stronger than the guide Aviation a little bit lighter, again, primarily driven by some lower volume that we originally expected. But those two sort of offsets or the two things that are driving really at this point are the TAPV charge we took in Q1 and just a little bit lighter volume and conversion on the vehicle business.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: All right. Thank you. And then just one more, if I may, on the backlog. Within aviation, it was up slightly. Could that be attributed to the Longitude? And then just on that program, how do we think about the ramp up and entry into service?
Scott Donnelly: So its not really driven by Longitude, Sheila. So I mean, as you know, we dont kind of do it model by model. But it really is across other aircraft platforms, which I think is good. The Longitude, I wouldnt expect to see a lot of backlog going into that until we start getting that production aircraft out there and a lot of people have seen the aircraft and are interested in the aircraft. But now coming out of NBAA, where we have the first customer fitted out version, as I noted in the remarks, its going to be flying around here for the rest of the year doing demonstration flights for perspective customers. And hopefully, we will start to see some backlog build as a result of that, but that hasnt happened yet.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: And just on the entry into service?
Scott Donnelly: Oh, entry into service, I think, its probably going to be early next year. The flight test program is going extraordinarily well. The aircraft is performing beautifully. We had one of our key suppliers that has some obsolescence issues. And we decided that it was  it made sense to incorporate the latest and greatest new product before we went through the certification program. Thats taken us probably a couple of months longer than we were originally have liked it to, well push off until probably early next year, but no material impact. So we certainly expect to see solid deliveries in 2018.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Carter Copeland with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Carter Copeland: Hey, good morning, guys.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Carter Copeland: Just a couple of quick ones. One, Scott, I wondered if you could expand on the industrial commentary. It looks like maybe the shortfall there was sort of $25 million relative to the plan. And you  I know, you called out unfavorable volume and mix and then additional resources and people on the integration. How much should we think is each of those and how of much that is sort of temporary versus things we got to watch out for in the future?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think, on the resources piece of it, the piece specifically around Arctic Cat, frankly is going to plan. Were very happy with how thats proceedings, the inventory levels that we knew we needed to drive down in the dealer base or happening retail sales are up considerably. Theres obviously a lot of work going on and aligning the product lines and getting dealers up to speed on the full range of both what was in Arctic Cat, as well as what was under development in the Textron vehicle business. So I think, thats all progressing, the factories are up and running. There are a lot of moving parts here, Carter. We decided to move our engine manufacturing facility from Germany into the St. Cloud facility. So were kind of centralizing all of our engine manufacturing, which is also obviously much closer to the final assembling plant in Thief River. We did move all of our dirt manufacturing out of Augusta up to Thief River, which I think is already starting to pay dividends. So, these are all things, I think, bode well for the future of the business. But they were costs some, a lot of work and distraction for the people to go pull that stuff off. In terms of the core of the business, as I said, we got a little behind in terms of line rates and nothing particularly magical, just getting our production control and logistics programs running. We have a new facility now down in Augusta, where were consolidating all the Jacobsen things. So theres just a lot of moving parts that had impacts really across the rest of the core business. So, as I said, I think those line rate as we watch them here going into the quarter are getting back to where they need to be. Theres still some things to work on, but I think this is something well have behind us as we hit into 2018. And clearly, we expect the Arctic Cat deal, its up to be accretive as we go into 2018. So certainly, a misstep. A lot going on in that business between the Jacobsen integration, bringing in Arctic Cat, a lot of internal moves, which again, we think are the right answers in terms of driving better productivity and better margins as we go forward, but certainly impact here in the quarter.
Carter Copeland: Okay. Thanks for that color. And one for Frank. Frank, was there a tax benefit of $100 million or so from the pension prefunding that we should think about?
Frank Connor: Yes, on a cash basis, so cash tax basis, we will get a deduction for that contribution. The bulk of that will fall into this year. Well get some of that benefit into next year. So its spread between the two years.
Carter Copeland: Okay, great. Thanks, gentlemen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Yes, good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
George Shapiro: I wanted to pursue, Scott, you were saying in aviation, you had some unfavorable performance if you could provide a little more color on that?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I  clearly, George, the numbers if you look year-over-year, we do have all the Scorpion spend in there. So when you look at relative performance from last quarter to this quarter, I think that  or third quarter to third quarter, the team actually did pretty well when you consider the margin rates that were delivered even with the increased spending. We still had a lot of activity going on with Scorpion and 86, frankly, as we went through this experimentation program. We continue to have a very high spend as were continuing in trying to finalize the Longitude certification. So on a cost base nothing really beyond what we would expect. I think the guys did a pretty good job on that. We are a little bit light, probably to volume, where we would have liked it particularly around the turboprops although they were considerably stronger than they were in the first couple of quarter. So were encouraged by what we saw on the market on both the King Airs and the Caravans now seeing stronger international demand which were important to both those platforms, but all-in-all still a little bit lighter and like I think part of thats the market and part of that is what we continue to work on the pricing side, George and we are continuing to hold the line on making sure we are getting priced in the business, we saw that, you guys will see when the Q comes out, its falling around $22 million year-over-year, so its a line thats obviously tough to hold that line in the market, but we are doing that and I think thats going to  well continue to trade that versus some volume.
George Shapiro: And Scorpion R&D, as Scott you had said on the second quarter would come down a little bit, this quarter it doesnt look like it did maybe, but if you could explain around that and how much we might expect for the year?
Scott Donnelly: Well, it did come down somewhat, George, and it will come down pretty significantly here in the fourth quarter, now I think the fermentation program is done.
George Shapiro: Okay, and if I take a look at latitude Scott, you said you delivered a 100, but if I add up all your deliveries through the year, I get about 93, I mean is that seven already in the fourth quarter, if you can reconcile the difference for me?
Scott Donnelly: George, you probably have better data than I do on that then, I thought it was a 100 through the end of the third quarter was the number I was referencing, but well probably have to maybe have an offline call with you and try to reconcile our database and your database first, but the number should be a 100 through the end of Q3.
George Shapiro: Okay, and then one last one on industrial, I mean you had guided earlier to a margin of 9% and with the dilution it came down to 7%, I mean what does it look like now for the year?
Scott Donnelly: Well, its going to be lower than that obviously, so I dont think were probably prepared to give a specific number, but its going to be
Frank Connor: A bit lower than that.
Scott Donnelly: a bit lower than that.
George Shapiro: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question in queue is from Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much and good morning. Scott, I wonder if you could talk about the hemisphere program, we had the announcement of the delay on the Silvercrest engine and the source says that all options around on the table as far as that goes, how do we think about the future of this program from your point of view and how you are thinking about approaching the development next year?
Scott Donnelly: Well, thats a good question. We just learned about the issue on the Silvercrest compressor, kind of with everybody else at NBAA. Were obviously in discussions with their team to understand and in fact as they determine, I think this is still a relatively early on in terms of their understanding of what the problem is and they are still doing the work of exploring what the range of options might be to solve the problem. So its probably premature to really know what that impact could be, it could be a minor impact, it could be a more significant impact, we just  we dont know enough yet. All were really familiar with is sort of how it manifests itself, it certainly sounds like a high pressure compressor issue, which is exactly what they are describing I think that we need to give their engineering team a little of time here to figure out again what that range of options is. We have continued to work on hemisphere obviously with our customers and doing a lot of our ergonomic work in modeling and supplier selections and all those kind of key things which need to continue to happen. So we are running that at a rate appropriate to that and I think well keep doing that and then based on where the Silvercrest is, obviously we can regulate you know what we do in terms of a program span based upon that.
Seth Seifman: Great, thanks. And then maybe one more for Frank, it looks like you are on track this year for about $68 million of pension expense. If the year ended today and we think about the contribution you just made, how do we think about the impact of the contribution on next years pension expense possibly offset by the  or probably offset by the additional debt that you took on?
Frank Connor: Yes, well, I mean obviously a lot will depend on interest rates at the end of the year and returns and so on for this year. At a simplistically level if you think about kind of the 7.5% rate of return that has been our return assumption and look at the 3.375% cost of the debt, kind of that spread differential with some other kind of  there are some other impacts, but is generally ballpark type of impact having to do just with the contribution. Id say, overall from a pension standpoint, as we talked about before, we think as we move into 2018, again, theres a lot still to be learned about where things are set, but we should get a little bit of a tailwind associated with pension.
Seth Seifman: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question in queue comes from Jon Raviv with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jon Raviv: Hey, good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Hi.
Jon Raviv: On Bell, can you just go into a little bit more on the nature of the commercial positivity. What sort of end markets is that coming from, or is a lot of it is related to those larger deals youve signed over the past year?
Scott Donnelly: I think, its, I mean, the activity were seeing is pretty broad-based. So you do have deals out there that are fleet deals like some smaller oil and gas kind of guys, but theres a fair bit of yet in executive transport going on. Theres a pretty broad range of EMS activity. Theres some foreign military whether it be border petrol, customs, police. Its not concentrated in any one particular area, which is good frankly, right. I mean we dont see just one sector, its some life across most of the areas, and its pretty broad-based geographically as well. So were seeing activity in Southeast Asia, were seeing it in Africa, were seeing in South America. So its a fairly broad-based. Again, we dont want to basically, I think, the overall market is still weaker than it has been in previous times, but its much better than it was couple of years ago. And I think, our team is doing pretty well from a competitive standpoint. Were seeing again, strength in pretty much all the models, obviously, 505 is a brand new as they come out. But sales are being good on 47s, 429s, 412. So its pretty much across the breadth of our platform and then do a pretty broad-based range of geographies and end applications.
Jon Raviv: Thanks for that color. And then speaking at Bell, the thinking about the margin strength this year, you laid out whats going on there and some of the good performance? Whats the opportunity to hold on to that kind of profitability as 505 ramps up perhaps as 525 spending as the level of spending picks back up again. Can you give us some sense of how those things trend going forward?
Scott Donnelly: Well, like usually  weve usually talked about that business being able to perform in that 10% to 12% kind of a range. Although I think 13 is sustainable over a long period of time is a pretty tough part, okay? I mean, obviously, the guys have done really well this year to drive productivity and efficiency. And yet there obviously, we had a good mix with some strong 412 deliveries this quarter as well. So Id say, 13 is too strong, but its going to remain a good healthy margin business.
Jon Raviv: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you. Good morning. Maybe just my first question on the Aviation, King Air has had a tough time, I think, on your volume delivery profile for about 18 months now, still light in Q3. Just wondered how youre thinking about, if you still think second-half deliveries can be flattish in aggregate for those, and how youre seeing overall kind of order and inquiry levels if thats giving you any optimism for the outlook for the next year?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Julian, I think that, first of all, youre right, both the King Airs, which are generally speaking have a pretty strong international marketplace. I think over the last 18 months have felt a lot of the pain of a very strong dollar and weaker economies and thats what weve been experiencing. Again, I think, the good news here is that in the third quarter, while its not what we delivered a year ago was certainly a lot more inquiries and a lot more sales and order activity than weve seen for a while. So that bodes well, I think. Do I think we get the flat for the balance of the year? No, probably not. But I do think, given the level of inquiry and activity that its going to be stronger than it has been in the first-half of the year. So definitely well finish the year here with a stronger King Air performance we saw in the first-half. And again, its to look into next year is pretty premature at this stage of the game, given the nature of how things orders and sales convert. But were certainly happier with the level of activity in the marketplace right now than what we saw for the past year, lets say.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you. And then my second question around the cash flow very good performance year-to-date on working capital, particularly versus the same period in 2016. I just wanted to clarify if all of the cash flow guidance increase was tax-related or some of that was due to working capital as well? And then maybe any color you could give on how the introduction of the Longitude should impact your working capital from here over the next six months or so?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Julian. Well, look, as Frank said, we do get some cash tax benefit here in the year. But most of this is driven by better performance in terms of just manufacturing cash flow and a big chunk of that is in fact working capital. As you know, you look at the number, were  we generally just the natural cyclicality of our businesses is that you usually see the working capital burn off through the fourth quarter, and were at a point this year, where were basically kind of where we started the year. So weve had a  the teams have done a much better job on working capital management. And by the way that includes some pressure points like ramping up Longitude. So we are already in producing aircraft, which obviously wont sell until next year. So, but despite that, when you look across the businesses, we already have working capital back to sort of neutral in the year. And obviously, well expect a considerable burn down here as we go through our normal cycle in the fourth quarter. Obviously, net working capital come down further. So the majority of it is the team delivering better manufacturing cash flow and that big chunk of that obviously is a working capital.
Julian Mitchell: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Cai von Rumohr with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Bill Ledley: Hi, this is Bill Ledley on for Cai this morning. Wanted to go back to aviation a little bit and book-to-bill was 1.1. And you mentioned some favorable pricing. So could you perhaps call out, whats stronger both from a volume and pricing standpoint? Is it biz jets or King Airs? If youd give some more color there, that would be great?
Scott Donnelly: I dont think were going to go sort of model by model. But were  the market in general has been flattish, which is kind of what we expected on the jet side of things. I think, that the pricing activities are obviously helping and we continue to hold the line on that. And as I said earlier on the call, we will trade volume to price. We just  were pleased with some of the increases that we have, but its  the price levels are still, in my view, too low to look at the amount of investment that goes into producing these aircraft and designing these aircraft. And so were going to continue to push on the price obviously as we go forward as well, and if that means some lower volume then well take some more volume.
Bill Ledley: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rajeev Lalwani with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Rajeev Lalwani: Good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for the time.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Rajeev Lalwani: Scott, coming back to Bell, can you talk about the government side of the business. And what are going to be the big drivers there over the next, say 12 to 24 months before submitting new products get rolled in?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, over the next year or so, V-22 is a relatively flat number in general. We expect H-1 to be up a little bit. Again, as we continue some FMS activity as weve seen with Pakistan this quarter thats  I dont think there will be huge shifts going on there, Rajeev, its going to be probably mostly up on H-1 and relatively flat on V-22, program performance is good. I would expect that to be a fairly stable part of Bell here in the next couple of years.
Rajeev Lalwani: Thanks. And then moving over to the industrial side. Once push Arctic Cat aside, whats going to be the driver there as we look forward to kind of a similar question?
Scott Donnelly: Well, if you look beyond Arctic Cat, thats the core of the business that we used to have. I think, were doing well in most of that segment. I think, if you look into Gulf place, these are new products with the lithium-ion batteries are doing very well in the marketplace. Frankly, its a new product launch, its gone extremely well. We continue to see strength in the what was the target market in terms of GSE. We actually had, continue to have strong order rates there. Weve got make sure we can line our production and get the deliveries and the output out, but the market in terms of order activity is very strong. And again, the rest of that market, I think, is in good shape. Most of getting deliveries and whatnot are  for us during the quarter was a matter of getting our lines up and running and getting to higher rates.
Rajeev Lalwani: Excellent. A quick housekeeping question for Frank. Frank, whats the tax rate benefit in  for the year on the earnings?
Frank Connor: Tax rate benefit, I mean, the  well, I guess, we  given the tax rate of this quarter and year-to-date, were looking at kind of 26.5% or so full-year tax rate. There is no tax benefit from a rate standpoint associated with a pension contribution, if thats part of the question. It only impacts cash taxes. Its actually a little bit of a headwind from a book tax standpoint just given some other deductions and things.
Rajeev Lalwani: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Peter Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton. Please go ahead.
Peter Skibitski: Yes, good morning, guys. Hey, Scott, I think you touched on this last quarter. But can you remind us, again, why the ramp on the 505 is going so slowly? Is that, you had a lot of LOIs last I checked. So is it converting to LOIs, or is it execution at Bell?
Scott Donnelly: Well, its just ramping the production. Its getting the certifications outside the U.S. and getting the other certification. So theres nothing significant going on there, I mean, or different than we would really expect the LOI conversion rates are very high. So were not concerned about that. The order book is certainly there and the ramp is coming along.
Peter Skibitski: Okay. And then can you just give us an update on kind of where we go from here on Scorpion?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think, in general here, the Air Force in terms of its experimentation program has been frankly very transparent, very open about how they saw this whole thing playing out. Dates and activities and what not were exactly as advertised. I think, the program went very well. We were obviously thrilled with how the aircraft did. We had very good feedback from Air Force pilots that flew both the Scorpion and the AT-6. And the Air Force is also very clear through the whole process that, once they finish the experimentation program, they were going to sort of take all that information and then determine what their next steps might be. And I think thats the phase theyre in. So were sort of standing by, while they decide what it  or the next steps on either or all aircraft and how they want to move forward. So I think, were  theyre doing that and were just kind of standing by and see how it plays out.
Peter Skibitski: Do you still need to wait for some sort of surge from them to get an international sale?
Scott Donnelly: No, we dont. I mean, I think, from an international standpoint, Peter, as we talk to customers and continue to have interaction with customers, there are certainly some that would want to see this thing have a U.S. certification or a worthiness declaration of some kind in our other customers that dont, as a military aircraft, thats not necessary. So, you definitely see differences in different countries and their approach to this. But there are certainly some that were engaged in for whom a U.S. Air Force airworthiness certification is not required.
Peter Skibitski: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question that will come from Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Sam Pearlstein: Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Sam Pearlstein: Just wanted to follow-up in terms of, we talked about the Bell margin before, but just on the aviation margin, given your 5.6% kind of through the nine months would seem like its going to be a challenge to get to your original plan of the 7% to 8%. Can you just talk about how we should think about the year? I know Scorpion R&D is supposed to be falling, which is how should we be thinking about the remainder of the year?
Scott Donnelly: So, in terms of the R&D, its obviously going to ramp down here. Over the course of year internal Scorpion, the activities are pretty well wrapped up. Well have a little bit of activity going on with some international customer demonstration flights and some things of that nature, but it will be a relatively small number. In terms of the overall Aviation segment number, as I said earlier on, I think, it will be lighter them what we were originally guiding. Obviously, the guide included the Scorpion spend, but I think were going to be probably a couple of hundred million dollars under  from a revenue standpoint, but were seeing that through the course of the year, right, with particularly around the King Airs and the Caravans, and again, we continue to push on the pricing front across all these platforms. So well probably be a little bit lighter on revenue than we were anticipating in our original guide.
Sam Pearlstein: Okay. And just in terms of pricing, I mean, what are you seeing in the marketplace now, obviously, youre trying to hold the line, lots of others, it sounds like theres still plenty of price discounting. Have you seen just any overall change in the trend within the marketplace?
Scott Donnelly: All right. I dont  I cant, I dont know how to comment on that. Any way other than to say, we still feel like were winning our share of the deals that are out there. Were just holding the line on trying to be responsible in terms of what we need to do as a business. And is there any difference or change in what the other guy are doing? I cant really speak to that nothing that has jump to the forefront. But I think our share is still strong and I think customers understand that theres still pricing aircraft way below where it was historically. I mean, its a problem, and I think people appreciate. Were investing a ton of money in the business on things like Latitudes and Longitudes and Denalis and they are  at these margin rates, so that I think the team  guys are doing a good job. And you need to have better margin rates in a business like this to be able to sustain the level of investment is good for our customers. So, were going to continue to hold the line on it.
Sam Pearlstein: Okay. And then if I can just follow one last question up on terms of the Arctic Cat and the integration. You talked about the distraction maybe impacting some of the production. But have you seen any success in moving your product into their distribution channel and anything from the going forward side thats that showing improvement?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, I think we have. In the retail, sales have been strong on a year-over-year basis. Some of that is clearing out a lot of the older inventory. But as weve been getting the dealers together and now being able to go into those dealers and bring not only what they may have had historically from Arctic Cat, but adding some of the Textron Off Road product, name the Stampede, you may have seen we just announced the Prowler EV. So, were obviously integrating these  the branding in the  at the product level and some of the technology that we bring into the EV side, as those products are rolling out. Theyre doing well in the marketplace, and so were seeing dealers pick these up and were seeing retail sell-through. So, its still early, obviously. Its a lot of work to go through and change  now the good news is, its a good change for them. Its a much better product line. Its a stronger product line. But I think its being well received and there we feel good about where its heading.
Sam Pearlstein: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Frank Connor: Hey, Scott.
Noah Poponak: Scott, I guess, just kind of big picture top down on the business jet at market. Some of the leading indicator data has improved, flight hour growth has accelerated, used inventories come down a little bit recently, especially the youngest batch in that bucket of used inventory. But I hear you call  still calling at a flat market thats kind of how it felt at NBAA. You had a little bit of sequential growth in backlog, but it sounds like turboprop got better and that never quite sure whats happening with your  the movement of fractional into that, and maybe that helped out a little bit too? So it  I dont know, I guess, sort of whats the remaining disconnect between some of this leading indicator data and having a more definitively robust business jet market?
Scott Donnelly: Well, thats the million dollar question, so
Noah Poponak: I asked it.
Scott Donnelly: Look, let me, look, I can give you color on a couple of things. So first of all and towards the backlog, again, we dont really go into model by model or customer by customer here. But theres no material impact on the fractional thing, as weve talked about in the past, the way we tend to work with net jets, which is obviously our big customer in that space. Were basically because of how we sort of look at the timeline of deliveries with net jets, its sort of more or less deliveries in a quarter equals the amount of aircraft were adding back into the backlog, because its pretty steady flow of aircraft.
Noah Poponak: Okay.
Scott Donnelly: So from a backlog standpoint, thats not a material change. In terms of, are we seeing that activity in the market in terms of utilization rates being up? Absolutely, I mean, I think, we had a good quarter in our  in the aftermarket business, and some of that, maybe theres a little bit of pent-up demand in there. But as you see increased flying that usually translates to increased activity in terms of the service side of our business, and we certainly saw that in the quarter, which is good. I think in the end market, look, your statistics are all correct, right, I mean used does continue to come down. I think they are  we still struggle with this notion that used aircraft pricing doesnt seem to want to move up, right and so that does pressure customers because the trading values and the step-up to new aircraft is more challenging when these guys have low residual values and despite the fact that used aircraft availability has dropped significantly over the last ex number of years, we are not seeing that reflect in used aircraft pricing. So, that dynamic I think is still one that weighs on people and its a nontrivial economic impact to them. So, look, I think as we move on a lot of guys out there are flying older aircraft, they are seeing higher maintenance costs and they do want to step up and look, the challenge for us is that we cant make up for the lower residual value of the used aircraft by lowering the value of our new aircraft, okay so thats still a pressure point right. People want us to try to make up for that low residual value and I just cant  I cant do that and maintain any kind of reasonable margin and return in the business. So I think the demand is going to be out there and  but again we havent seen, I would love to see, we obviously dont control those, we would love to see residual values of used aircraft coming up and that would take some pressure off these customers, but look thats not something we control and its a little perplexing to us as you see tightening  when the market tightens up for those used aircraft, why you are not seeing some lift in the pricing, but we havent seen that yet.
Noah Poponak: To me, when I look at that chart on a long-run basis, it has come down recently and its been on a steady decline over the last several years, but its still on an absolute basis much higher than it was in any point all of last cycle and so it just  it leaves me wondering if, yes, theres been a tightening, but on an absolute basis its just still too high and there are still too many options in the used market and thats why pricing hasnt firmed up there? I mean is that a reasonable assumption and you just have to burn it back to where it was 10 years ago or 12 years ago before you get that better pricing?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think there is a dynamic  first of all, its a much bigger market, right, so the number of aircraft that are in the fleet is much higher and so therefore with similar percents we are going to have for sure more aircraft that are out there and Im sure thats part the dynamic. You know I dont  to think that we could get to where used available was in that 2006, 2007, 2008 timeframe, I dont think its realistic, I mean it was a distortion the other way, right. People were selling used aircraft little more than new aircraft because you get one, it was a  so I think that people have to kind of get their head out of that, thats where the world is going. I mean these aircraft do depreciate, right. There is going to be a depreciation over a period of time, its not going to be an asset that appreciates, which is what we saw in that, say, 2002-2003 through 2008 timeframe, I think that was a probably as I said a distortion in the other direction, so. But anyway, look, thats  I think that is a dynamic now when you look at what people will have an aircraft and what the reality is of what that aircraft is worth as a used aircraft. But the good news is, there is a big market for those, the liquidity in the market is quite high, right, people are turning aircraft, people are buying aircraft, thats not  this is not like it was when we were kind of in the dark days where there is an illiquid market and nobody was buying them. So theres a lot of transactions thats not hard to move used aircraft, people just have to get comfortable with that the reality of how these things depreciate and what that residual value is over time is different than it was if you went back into the early 2000s.
Noah Poponak: Okay, thats really helpful. On that industrial margin, so for it to be slightly less than the seven you had previously been forecasting for the year would imply basically kind of stepping back up into the sort of seven handle vicinity in the fourth quarter, so it sounds like that 3Q number was fairly anomalous, is that the right interpretation?
Scott Donnelly: Yes.
Noah Poponak: Okay.
Scott Donnelly: Yes, so I think all we were saying earlier and I was like, I think well get things back on track here in the quarter, but I dont see a way to make up for the NOP loss that we had from our plan in Q3 and thats why were kind of rolling that three to four year guidance.
Noah Poponak: Yes, just trying to understand the run rate given the differential between the quarter and where you kind of had been?
Scott Donnelly: Yes and I think its fair to say that our run rate should get back up to a normalized rate in Q4.
Noah Poponak: Okay and then lastly, Frank when you were asked about tax rate, understanding there is no P&L tax benefit from what you did with pension, but there was a much lower tax rate in the quarter on the P&L. It sounds like youre saying the new earnings guidance, P&L earnings guidance has a 26.5% tax rate in it and the prior range coming into today had a 28.5% rate in it, is that accurate?
Frank Connor: Yes, basically roll through this quarters lower rate kind of to the full year just that type of impact, so kind of 29%, 30%-ish fourth quarter is where we sit right now.
Noah Poponak: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue that will come from Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much, good morning. Frank or Scott whichever one of you want to take this, you were both making comments about pricing in aviation and how you want to get better pricing, better margins going forward, and you be prepared to sacrificing volume. When volumes stabilize and since you are trying to get higher, what sort of incremental margin you think we should be expecting given this more robust stance on price?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Rob
Eric Salander: Hi, Eric Salander here, so a lot of things going on here, just in terms of the investment in the business and R&D and what not, which obviously is quite higher this year than it was  last year was  being in there, so you cant do the usual sort of quarter-over-quarter similar volume and expect what kind of a number. Obviously as we always talked about in the business when we really do get similar mix, which again is a significant issue here that we expect kind of 20% margin conversion, weve been obviously pressured by achieving that number based on a couple things, one is obviously we had higher R&D as weve put the Scorpion into the business and weve had a pretty challenging mix thing as we talked about beginning of the year, weve seen reductions on the turboprop side, including our military turboprop, which are our good margin business and weve seen a lot of our increase this year has been around the latitude. Now the good news is the latitude as we look year-over-year based on the pricing actions that weve been taking and cost actions and we are getting better margins, but they are dilutive to that overall 20% number, so the mix here has been a challenge, but on a normal  in a normal world, in terms of similar mix and whatnot, we would expect to see kind of those 20% numbers.
Robert Stallard: And presumably, heading into 2018 should be the case with longitude coming in, latitude being a like for like comp thinking on that?
Eric Salander: Well, we will always have the first  hopefully a relatively small number of longitudes that are going to be more challenging, because they are the initial production units, but yes, as we get probably more towards the back of the year and you get production stable and kind of get real run rates going, yes, that would true.
Robert Stallard: Okay, and then secondly on the cash front, does this pension contribution remove any potential contributions into the future and if thats the case, what are you going to use that additional cash flow for in terms of returns?
Frank Connor: So it certainly helps negate any contributions, so as you look at it today kind of barring some significant market events, yes it pushes things out so that we wouldnt expect additional required contributions other than our non-funded plans. And obviously as weve talked about, well continue to prioritize kind of use of cash the same way we have which is continuing obviously to invest organically which is just R&D and things like that. Obviously capital for the business in terms of excess cash, well return that to shareholder through share repurchase and thats what weve been doing. Obviously we continued to buy stock in this past quarter and well continue that return of capital as we proceed forward.
Robert Stallard: Thats great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue that will come from Peter Arment with Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter Arment: Thanks, Good morning Scott and Frank. Just a quick one, as all my questions asked. On the 525, the flight test program there, how do we think about the impact on kind of margins as we get into 2018? Is it something that ramps up materially or is it something that gets fairly linear and absorb throughout the year?
Scott Donnelly: I think I mean the 525 specifically, obviously were are back in flight test, things are going well, that will ramp up here as we get more aircraft back in the air through the balance of next year thats  I think thats factored into our overall R&D numbers, Peter. And again, given where the program is, it sort of has peaked, I think in terms of its R&D consumption and obviously were going through a flight test program here for the next year or so. So that will be baked into our plans into our guidance, I dont see it having a material impact one way or the other. You wont start to see deliveries of that aircraft really until 2019. So in terms of any mix issue I would not expect to see that in 2018.
Peter Arment: Okay, thats helpful. And then just a follow-up, on Scorpion you mentioned that you might not have to have a certification if you do some international. But if you do pursue that, how long roughly on a timeline does that take?
Scott Donnelly: Its probably something on a 18 months kind of line in terms of U.S. Air Force process, as you know were already working here with the U.S. Air Force entitled to all this other stuff thats been going on. So thats probably something on that timeline. When I talk about other countries that dont need it, I mean obviously they do their own certification work and already talking about us how we work with them to do that. So those processes are probably a little quicker just because its largely internal activity, but not something that would hold up sales or an order and that would be all incorporated as part of a program with the foreign customer.
Peter Arment: Yes, thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question that will come from Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Myles Walton: Thanks good morning, thanks for taking the question. First one is on Cessna and aviation general excluding the latitudes are you  or excuse me, the longitudes coming into 2018, are you expecting jet deliveries overall to be up in 2018 or is the expectation that longitude is the net add, maybe subtracting a little bit of legacy?
Scott Donnelly: Myles, I can probably answer that question for you in about three months.
Myles Walton: Okay. Well, Ive imagined youre working your production system, just wondering if theres any working capital management thats helping the cash flow this year as it relates to the aviation side or just more broad based?
Scott Donnelly: No, its more broad based. Like I say, were actually having to absorb the ramp on longitude, I mean obviously the aircraft that we expect to deliver in the certainly at least the first-half of next year and really probably now into the third quarter next year our aircrafts that are already in various stages of weapon. In some cases actually are all the way to finished goods, right. So that aircraft that were flying around is a production unit. So theres definitely some pressure from our working capital to support the ramp of a longitude, but thats normal with any of our new products and were just working to offset that working capital everywhere else in the business.
Myles Walton: Okay and the other one, Scott, maybe in industrial as a higher level question. But its over half of the industrial business is fuel systems and the trend to electrification is obviously long, long-term but you have to start thinking and position this business for the next 10 years how do you look at that piece of industrial change it to a bit just position it for what may be a different world 10, 15 years from now?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Myles, I think theres no question that the automotive industry and its sort of a power plant is going to change over time. And I can tell you that a lot of the work that were doing right now in Kautex with OEMs around the world, frankly there is already a significant shift going on in terms of how people think about hybrids, like I think the notion of a full electrification is something thats going to be a much longer timeframe in terms of any material portion of the industry. But theres no question that the hybrid technology is going to become a much, much higher proportion of the market here over the next 10 years. And were working with a lot of those customers that actually does require some different technology in terms of how you support and build fuel systems that are hybrid, theres just a lot of  not to get into too much of the technicalities here, but the structural issues around the fuel system, the fuel tank where you dont have a constant draw of fluids and vapors out of that tank for a normal combustion engine. But can run for long periods of time on the electric side of a hybrid does drive some difference in the technology and thats something that were already working and frankly already winning a number of programs that are our new products that theyre going to have sort of these seven to 10 year horizons that were working on right now and have already won on the program. So we are certainly sensitive to the changes that are going on there working with the customers to do that, but a full electrification at least I think when you do look at other guys, thats going to be a fairly small piece here over the next decade, but hybrid is a whole another issue, I think were going to see a significant proliferation of hybrid technology.
Myles Walton: And is that a place where youre willing to put incremental capital in terms of acquisitions, despite the unknown about where the market goes in the next 20 years, or is this an organic you can adapt to the hybrid move?
Scott Donnelly: This is purely organic.
Myles Walton: Okay.
Scott Donnelly: Purely organic. Obviously, its a different pooling. Its like a normal new platform, where youve got to invest in new tooling and downstream and things like that, but this is purely organic. And to us, while its a different technology is not different really from a business model or business process than what we do today.
Myles Walton: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from Ronald Epstein with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Kristine Tan Liwag: Hi, good morning, guys. Its Kristine Liwag calling in for Ron.
Scott Donnelly: Hi, Kristine.
Kristine Tan Liwag: Scott, last month, GE announced that its grounding its fleet of corporate jet. But your conversations with your corporate customers, do you think well see another wave of strategic change of how corporates look at their fleets? And if so, how much of the headwind do you think this could be in market recovery?
Scott Donnelly: Look, I dont think that it is. I think when companies look at this thing from an economic standpoint. I think, they recognize the productivity in the value of using corporate there and the timing that saves. I mean, its a huge productivity boost. I think if you talk to any of the customer trade groups, the NBAAs, people have them and use them, its a huge productivity boom for the company. As to whether you use your own aircraft fleet or fractional or charter is driven by economics around how many hours a year you use those aircraft. So, looking our view the GE thing doesnt make any sense, unless youre going to stop flying corporate aircraft, when you fly that many hours, the economics is on your own aircraft is the right way to go. And I think thats the feedback we get from our corporate customers.
Kristine Tan Liwag: Thats helpful. And then maybe following up on your comments on pricing in aviation and you discussed how youre using volume to manage some of the pricing expectations in the market. Whats been your customer feedback and how do you approach customers that have been used to seeing discounts in the market to start getting them to believe that pricing is not coming down from here?
Scott Donnelly: So weve been doing that by not lowering our prices. Frankly, look, I mean, customers are always going to look for the best deal, I think, everybody does. And as we have these conversations, there are always easy conversations. But we try to impress upon us, look, were trying to run a business just like they are. And when you look at that relative price to market, its  these aircraft are a great deal even at the current price levels compared to what they have historically been, and its a great value. Its performance, its economics that work for them. So I think customers are starting to believe it, because were not getting the ends of quarters and giving lower discounts to move aircraft. Well  as I say, we will take the trade on having a lower value  or Im sorry, having the lower volume on those aircrafst. And I think, certainly, weve had customer test that. And we just say guys, look, its a great deal and we want to do business with you, and  but were  Im not going to drop this pricing. Its just, its not sustainable to be able to make the kind of investments that we need to make to support our customers and to have those next generations of products and not have reasonable margins on the products were selling today. So, yes, tough discussion, but I think, these things are still an incredible value at these price levels. And, as you can see, we still  we get a lot of deal done. But there are some more guys are still going to continue to test. And thats fine, we just wont close those deals.
Kristine Tan Liwag: Thats very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Drew Lipke with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Drew Lipke: Good morning guys, thanks for squeezing me in here. Real quick on systems, the margins there managed to hold flat sequentially despite no Sensor Fuzed Weapon in sales and the unfavorable mix of TAPV, Im curious what drove the margin strength there and whats kind of the outlook for the rest of the year?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think the other parts of the system business, our unmanned business, our support and services businesses, our fee-for-service flight businesses continue to deliver solid performance and I mean thats really whats making the difference. As you know we had higher volume, our higher margin is driven around some of the SFW sales which are obviously not going to be here in the back half of the year, but I think were trying to stabilize the TAPV program and again just to kind of get that thing behind us, but strong performance in other parts of the systems, namely in unmanned systems and support solutions and these areas that are helping to make up for the loss of having the SFW program here in the back half.
Drew Lipke: Great and then on Bell, just maybe directionally looking at backlog there, can you parse out the commercial backlog and the changes that you are seeing maybe on a year-over-year and sequential basis, again just directionally?
Scott Donnelly: No, we dont. You know as you guys know the dynamic of the Bell backlog goes through this cycle because we dont add the next multi year by  or the next year is multi-year component until we get into the process in the fourth quarter, so its basically just doing its normal cycle thats all.
Drew Lipke: Okay, and then just last one, aviation aftermarket, can you talk about what steps if any you are taking to maybe capture more within the aftermarket and then as we think about the ADS-B mandate in that March theoretical backlog of work there, do you think thats going to be a meaningful driver to spur aftermarket demand going forward and how should we think about that impact?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think the AD is a bigger driver in terms of what well see in the aftermarket side of things. As you know weve in general been open to taking back some of our aftermarket in terms of service centers and weve played that out in a number of locations and thats gone well and we would always kind of look for opportunities to do that in the future as well, because I think that we have some good third-party service guys, but as we have opportunities to increase doing more and more of that direct, we will continue to look at those opportunities as we have done in the past, that strategy has worked out well. ADS-B is not a huge deal for us, I mean its a huge deal to our customers and the cost, but really the lions share of that is I mean we do a lot of those installations, were doing those as we speak. So it does drive visits into the shop to do it, but a lot of those dollars obviously are the equipment which is being installed as opposed to the service labor which is really our content of doing that. So, its not a  it is a significant cost to our customer, but its not a big upside to us by any means.
Drew Lipke: Okay, all right. Thanks, guys.
Eric Salander: Okay, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our call. Thank you for joining us and well talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you and ladies and gentlemen this conference will be available for replay after 10 AM Eastern Time today running through January 30, 2018 at mid night. You may access the AT&T Executive Playback Service at any time by dialing 800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 408728. International parties may dial 320-365-3844. Once again those phone numbers are 800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844 using the access code of 408728. That does conclude our conference call for today. We do thank you for your participation and for using AT&Ts Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-19 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Salander - Vice President, Investor Relations Scott Donnelly - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Frank Connor - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jason Gursky - Citi Seth Seifman - JPMorgan Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley Peter Arment - Baird Drew Lipke - Stephens George Shapiro - Shapiro Research Ronald Epstein - Bank of America
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Textron Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Eric Salander. Please go ahead.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Greg and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I would like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in todays press release. On the call today we have Scott Donnelly, Textrons Chairman and CEO and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Textrons revenues in the quarter were $3.6 billion, up $93 million from last years second quarter. During this years second quarter, we recorded $13 million of pre-tax special charges, or $0.03 per share after-tax. Excluding these items, adjusted income from continuing operations was $0.60 per share, down $0.06 from last years second quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $341 million compared to a use of cash of $26 million in last years second quarter. With that, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric and good morning everybody. 2.6% increase in second quarter revenues reflected growth in industrial and Bell. We continued strong performance of Bell in the second quarter with a 13.6% operating margin. Revenues were up on higher military volumes as we delivered 14 H-1s, up from 9 last year. V-22 deliveries were down from 4 in the current quarter versus 6 last year and 21 commercial helicopters compared to 24 in last years second quarter. Commercial order flow continues to improve as we booked a number of significant orders in the quarter. We signed an agreement with Shaanxi Helicopter Company in China for 100 Bell 407 GXPs with deliveries expected to begin this year. We also received an FMS award for Bell for 4 412 VP helicopters that we will deliver in 2017. Our Bell 505 Jet Ranger X achieved FAA certification in the quarter, marking a significant milestone for the aircraft and we continue to see a strong conversion of orders. On the development side, our 525 Relentless program resumed the flight test activity earlier this month. We remain committed to this development program and anticipate certification of the aircraft in late 2018. Moving to systems, revenues were down slightly as ramping up TAPV deliveries were more than offset by lower weapons and unmanned systems deliveries. We also completed the final delivery in our Sensor Fuzed Weapon product line in the quarter. We are continuing our development efforts in the area of lightweight precision guided munitions and successfully test our Fury munition against moving targets from various unmanned aircraft systems, including our Shadow platform. At Paris Air Show, our unmanned systems business unveiled its next-generation platform with the Night Warden tactical unmanned aircraft system, with enhanced capabilities and runway independence. Our Textron Airborne Solutions business, ATAC, was awarded a $45 million ID/IQ contract modification in support of the Navys Contracted Air Services program. We are continuing to see demand for government contracted adversarial services and see this business as a growth opportunity. Moving to industrial, we saw an 11% increase in the revenue, reflecting the impact of a full quarter of Arctic Cat. We continue to make progress with the integration of Arctic Cat as we begun consolidating operations and enhancing our dealer network. Also during the quarter, the Textron Off Road Stampede 4x4 was recognized as American Hunters 2017 Vehicle of the Year. On the new product front, our EliTE Lithium powered golf car continues to gain momentum in the marketplace, with over 8,000 units delivered since its introduction earlier this year. Moving to Textron Aviation, revenues were down $25 million. We delivered 46 jets, up from 45 last year, 19 King Airs, down from 23, and 4 Beechcraft T-6 trainers compared to 11 last year. We continue to see improving pricing in the market, with higher overall pricing on new retail jet models year-to-date. Citation Longitude continues to make progress towards certification by year end as the fourth launch it was added to the flight test program. This is the first aircraft with a fully outfitted interior, which will also be used for customer demonstration flights. This aircraft is on display at eBase, where we also announced our first European longitude customer. On the military side, we are awarded an FMS contract for the Argentine Air Force with 4 Beechcraft T-6 aircraft, along with related maintenance and pilot training. Moving to Scorpion, we continue to prepare the production aircraft along with our Beechcraft T-6 for participation in the U.S. Air Force OA-X light attack experiment beginning in August of Hill Air Force Base. To sum up the quarter, we made significant progress on new products across our businesses and continued our efforts in recent acquisitions, all of which positioned us well for future growth. We also remained focused on inventory control and working capital management, which was evident by the continued improvement in our cash generation this year. Moving on to capital allocation, we repurchased 7 million shares year-to-date, which is consistent with our strategy. With that, I will turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott and good morning everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $295 million, down $33 million for the second quarter of 2016 and a $93 million increase in revenues. Lets review how each of the segments contributed starting with Textron Aviation. At Textron Aviation, revenues were down $25 million from this period last year, primarily due to lower military and commercial turboprop volume, partially offset by higher jet volume. Segment profit was $54 million, down from $81 million a year ago primarily as a result of the lower volume and mix. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1 billion, approximately flat from the first quarter. Moving to Bell, revenues were up $21 million due to higher H-1 program revenues, partially offset by lower V-22 revenues. Segment profit increased $31 million from the second quarter of 2016 reflecting improved performance. Backlog in the segment was $5.4 billion at the end of the quarter, down $234 million from the end of the first quarter. At Textron Systems, revenues were down $10 million primarily due to lower volumes in our weapons and sensors and unmanned systems product lines partially offset by higher volumes and Marine and Land Systems. Segment profit was down $18 million due to lower volume and mix. Backlog in the segment was $1.6 billion, down $170 million from the end of the first quarter. Industrial revenues increased $109 million largely due to the impact the Arctic Cat acquisition. Segment profit was down $17 million due to the operating loss at Arctic Cat, which was consistent with our integration plan and unfavorable pricing and inflation. Finance segment revenues decreased $2 million and profit decreased $2 million. Moving below segment profit, corporate expenses were $31 million flat with last year. Interest expense was $36 million essentially flat with last year. Our effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2017 was 28.8%. During the quarter, we recorded pre-tax special charges of $13 million. Through the second quarter of 2017, we have recognized pre-tax charges of $150 million under the restructuring plan that we announced last year. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 3 million shares returning $143 million in cash to shareholders. The work we have been doing over the past several years to strengthen our balance sheet and our businesses was recognized earlier this month by Moodys with a credit rating upgrade to BAA2. To wrap up with guidance, we are reiterating our expected full year adjusted EPS from continuing operations of $2.40 to $2.60 per share exclusive of the Arctic Cat restructuring and deal costs and other ongoing restructuring efforts across the businesses. We also continue to expect cash flow from continuing operations of the manufacturing group before pension contributions of $650 million to $750 million. That concludes our prepared remarks. And Greg, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jason Gursky with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Gursky: Yes. Good morning, everyone.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Jason Gursky: I was wondering if you could just talk about the demand environment on the biz jet side from a geographic perspective kind of walk us around the world on what you are seeing this quarter and the visibility that you have here into the second half of the year?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Jason. Look, I think on the business jet side, its still very North American centric market. Its really  I havent seen any particular dynamics changing over the course of the year and thats how we would envision of playing out for the balance of 2017. So, its still very North American driven.
Jason Gursky: Okay. And any potential opening there in China, it looks like the helicopter market is improving a bit for you being driven by China maybe some commentary on the regulatory environment of the demand environment for biz jets in China specifically?
Scott Donnelly: Well, sure. For sure, the helicopter market continues to be stronger in China. The deal with 100 407s, there is a great program for us. We do see the helicopter market remaining strong. But again, from a regulatory environment these are helicopters largely operate at lower altitudes. And there has been a lot more reform around aerospace and those lower altitudes has been up in the flight levels. So in terms of the jet businesses its been still pretty weak. And I think part of it is  regulatory art of it has been the politics around business jets in China. And we certainly would expect that that will loosen up over time, but it remains pretty quiet.
Jason Gursky: Alright, great, okay. And then lastly on the 525, there is a couple of quarters ago where you suggested that the sales force was shifting its focus and its efforts moving [indiscernible] oil, gas market to other end markets that which you have get the aircraft back in flight task, can you update us on the current thinking with regard to the sales of 525 and where you expect the demand to be coming from and what the progress is looking like there? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. This is  look this machine was designed as an aircraft that would be ideally suited to the oil and gas market. We still think its a great oil and gas machine, obviously that market is in a very difficult spot right now. As oil prices have come a little bit, its probably starting to get a little better. We have seen some activity in the later end into that segment, but still very, very weak. And as you know there is not a lot of equipment out there sort of on the sideline, so this is going to take some time from sort of the line between oil and gas recovering and absorption whats out there before you will see a lot of new aircraft orders I think. But we continue to talk to those customers. They still are very much in our focus. There is still a lot of interest around 525 for that market. But the timing is still to be determined. In the meantime we certainly are continuing to look at the VVIP market, governments troop transport and other sort of utility applications for aircraft of that performance envelope. So we are surely not dropping our focus on the oil and gas customers, its  but the timing will be an issue, so we still are working hard at those other markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Seth Seifman from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much and good morning. I wonder if we could talk a little bit about the industrial business and it looks like we started off the year with expectations for organic growth maybe in the close to 5% range and there have been some currency headwinds year-to-date, but it seems to be a little bit shorter that so far, so can we talk about the dynamics in the different businesses and what you expect in the second half?
Scott Donnelly: So I think if you look at the constituent parts obviously automotive right now is more flattish, so there is a little bit of difference regionally, North American auto is down a bit. so I think getting any kind of significant growth on the topics side right now was probably unlikely just given the nature of whats going in the automotive segment. The business is still performing well, I think our execution in terms of manufacturing operations and key measures like scrap and operational efficiencies and up-time are all positive so we are seeing good performance from the business, but we are not going to see a lot of top line growth in the current automotive environment. Around the vehicle side of the business, I think that for the most part our order rates are good and in the quarter of what we have had both in golf and our ground support equipment businesses and the industrial equipment product lines. So I dont think there is anything out of the ordinary there. Obviously, mostly growth is driven by the Arctic Cat deal and our focus there continues to be as we talked about really moving a lot of the older inventory out of the channel, thats going very well, frankly. And really at this point focused on getting new products and getting those launched and getting the dealer channel setup to take on a lot of new product and that will be our focus through the balance of the year.
Seth Seifman: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Hi, good morning everyone.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Noah Poponak: Scott, just in the overall business share market you sort of started the strategy a couple of quarters ago to kind of incrementally hold the line on price and then immediately post-election there at least you were asked a lot about policy changes potentially improving demand, so maybe you can just update us on both of those on the former whats the market receptivity been and are your competitors doing the same and then I guess just with both are either changing demand its kind of looks like they are not, but just wanted to get your feel on both of those items?
Scott Donnelly: I think that we are as we have talked about we are increasing our price that we are realizing out there in the marketplace. We continue to do that and we continue to do that in the second quarter, so we are seeing improved pricing versus where we were last year when we said sort of said hey guys enough is enough, we need to start getting some price back into the market. For sure there was some mix out there of customers that are waiting to see some movement on the government side, from a tax standpoint which I think largely people feel would help to stimulate the economy and drive some GDP and improve their business outlook, which would give them more confidence to do capital expenditures on things across the whole business including business jets. So I think there is are still little bit of reservation around that, obviously its a relatively flattish market. So I think we are being successful on the price front. We are certainly willing to do that at the expense of some volume and there are certainly some customers who are holding out and thats fine we are not going to give back on the pricing front, I think its moving in the right direction. We need to continue to do more. But I think in general no other demand environment around the business jet side is relatively flat. Frankly, thats is the biggest drag for us right now around volume is really on the turboprops and a lot of that as you know is more international business. So between economies and exchange rates and all these kind of things that has continued to put some pressure on both Caravan and the King Air product lines, so both of those models are down on a year-over-year basis in terms of volumes. So we are going to  thats just the nature of the international market, so I dont think we need to change our strategy, we will keep selling hard. But we would like to see those markets coming around a little bit obviously. The other thing thats obviously drag for us on the margin side is that we are down pretty significantly on a year-over-year basis on our T6s which is a great product line on the multi-side for us. Hopefully we will see  I think we should see a little bit of up-tick here in the third and fourth quarter versus the first half of the year, but it is certainly going to be down quite a bit on a 16 to 17 basis and that was baked into our guidance obviously.
Noah Poponak: Okay. So what was both the Scorpion spend in the quarter relative to that full year $50 million?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we dont breakout specifically the spending on it. I would say it was  we always said it would be considerably higher in the first half and the second half and that will be true. We have had a very high level of activity here in Q2 as we finished the first couple of production aircraft, we got them flying and are now in the process of doing ordinance work and as we are all being prepared to have aircraft of ready for the experimental flight test program on beginning of August. And those aircraft are built, they are ready, so I would certainly expect that what we forecasted this year ramped down and Scorpion spending in the back half of the year will be true.
Noah Poponak: So if I just kind of guess at a rough layout of that it would look like you need to be, well, I guess on a reported basis you need to be about 9% aviation margin to get to the 7 that you start of the year targeting and maybe 9.5 to get to the 8x Scorpion, am I hearing you correctly that you are maybe looking at being a little bit lighter that based on whats happened on the military and the prop side?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. I would say right now I would forecast that on being the lighter side. And again primarily driven by the fact that we are  I would expect we are going to be lighter on the turboprops, particularly the King Air and the Caravan than we would have expected. We are not  we have to see how the back half of the year plays out, but certainly we are going into the back half of the year with a lot more turboprop volume requirement than we would had in our plan.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Sam Pearlstein: Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Sam Pearlstein: I was wondering if you could go back on Bell and you called out the continuing strength on the commercial side, can you just talk a little bit more about whats giving you that confidence, just because I am looking, we certainly see the weakness in oil and gas and oil and gas prices, is it simply the China order, just trying to get a little bit more around that please?
Scott Donnelly: Sam, I think its much broader than that. I mean obviously the China order was grate for the 407, but we have seen strengthening just on normal sort of one-off order flow on 407. We see continued strength in our 429 product line. And again these are not fleets deals, just good flow of activity and orders closing on the 429 program as well as 412s, so the 412 order book continues to strengthen. There are still a couple deals out there that need to close through the balance of the year that we would expect to have happened that are sort of in negotiation. But its really  its  505 obviously is, were going to resort it in a as best as we can make and we will ship them scenario, but that is not a whole a lot of dollars per aircraft, obviously. But I would say that when you look at our portfolio of the 505, 407, 429, 412, its  the order booking has strengthened across all those models and a broad range of applications, everything from military application to VVIP, EMS, search and rescue. Its pretty strong across the board.
Sam Pearlstein: And is the backlog declined sequentially than all on the military side?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. And thats mostly normal for us, Sam, right. I mean, when we know that we dont put the V-22s on the multiyear in until that years funding is appropriated, so we usually have this sort of cyclical backlog that happens largely driven by that.
Sam Pearlstein: Okay. And then also on Bell, just the strong margin this quarter, can you talk a little bit about what EACs were versus just the richer mix just in terms of the moving pieces to get that margin?
Scott Donnelly: The EACs are reported sort of companywide, so I do not think we will go into in a lot of detail there. But we had positive performance and  but its not as huge going on a year-over-year basis in terms of the numbers. Its just  our kind of the teams continues to have good, solid performance. Obviously, getting some additional volume on the H-1s in quarter was helpful. But the guys are doing a good job controlling cost and executing well and getting product delivered.
Sam Pearlstein: And I am sorry, one last question, the Canadian TAPV, I know its not in Bell, but just the Canadian TAPV, any change in kind of your outlook after taking that adjustment back in the first quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Not really, Sam, and will continue to be a challenging program. The good news is, our deliveries in the quarter were kind of double from where they were in the first quarter. We continue to have  our slights on sort of finishing the majority of that program this year with, obviously, a little bit going into the second half of next year, but  which is still a challenging program, but we are getting it behind us.
Sam Pearlstein: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski from Drexel Hamilton. Please go ahead.
Pete Skibitski: Yes. Hey, Scott. I wonder if you could go further on architect integration in terms of how thats going and kind of give us a line for return to profit there. And I am not  and one variable that goes along with that, and I am not sure about it, I was wondering if there is kind of a long-term purchase intangibles that you have thats going to be kind of a drag on the GAAP profit for a while?
Scott Donnelly: So, really I think the integration so far is going well. I think we are through that first vertical few months, so we are getting the team through all the organizational changes and all the things that sort of go with a major acquisition. Everybody, I think, at this point is focused on their primary jobs and getting the work done. Job one, as we talked about, was running programs to try to clear out a lot of the aged inventory that was out there in the channel, and we ran out that pretty hard, and I think we have seen a lot of success in doing that and creating room for floor plan for these guys as we bring out and start to launch new product. We will have a lot of integration in the launch a lot of new products here as we get into latter part of August into September. On the dirt side, I think the snow product launches, which happened right before we completed the acquisition, have gone well. So snow bookings have been good. And the dirt process is one where we are integrating across so that we really look like the same company across everything from ATV through all the side-by-sides and up through the high-performance products. So I think we are in fairly good shape. We needed to do around organization. We have made all of our announcements in terms of what we are doing in terms of operational restructuring and aligning our production facilities. Obviously, and as Frank said, part of our plan here, it is losing money right now, which was part of our plan. We are running at low manufacturing rates, which, again, is consistent with our strategy to sort of bleed down a lot of that inventory that is out there and then start the reloading process with new product here as we get into the latter part of the year. So everything that we said we were going to go do is what we are in the processor of doing, and I think we are fine. There is nothing from intangibles or
Frank Connor: I mean, there is some drag associated with intangible amortization in the number broadcast that we gave, which was kind of the $0.10 dilution for the year, as Scott said, given the lower volumes and that accretive into 18, now includes all of the M&A accounted for.
Scott Donnelly: Yes. So I think the guidance that we gave around, our anticipated dilution this year is, is going to be about what we thought it was, and it should become accretive as we go into 2018.
Pete Skibitski: Okay, great. I appreciate that. One quick follow-up of a little surprise, you had the final Sensor Fuzed Weapon delivery this quarter and didnt hit double-digit margin at systems. Is that the impact of TAPV being zero margins? And I think you said you could hit 8.5% on the full year at systems, is that still possible?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, I dont think that is possible, Pete. There is no question this TAPV issue has been a problem. As I said, the bulk of that, I think, has already been recognized, obviously, but it is going to put a driver on the total year systems number for sure.
Pete Skibitski: Okay, got it. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr from Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes, thank you very much. So I think at the first  after the first quarter, you indicated that total aviation R&D like was going to be down in the second quarter. Can you comment as to whether it was? And were there any other issues that we should be aware of, like used aircraft losses were higher, lower, anything like that?
Scott Donnelly: No, the delta is, in both the R&D front and the used aircraft loss you were negligible. I think
Cai von Rumohr: Negligible versus the first quarter?
Scott Donnelly: It was up very, very slightly and negligible versus the year-over-year comparison. So the dynamic is going on with respect to the margin weve guided is largely driven around the fact that no  as we talked about in the jet slide, were pressured because of the little bit higher mix around our net jet deliveries and the fact that we were down pretty appreciable on the turbo front for both the Caravan and King Air on the commercial side as well as the T-6 on the military side. The T-6, we fully expected. That was baked into our plan. All of the numbers around R&D so far have been essentially whats baked into our plan. The pressure point really for us has been around the lower volumes on the King Air and the [indiscernible] whats kind of pressuring us from a planned perspective.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes, the R&D, the aviation was up in the second quarter versus the first quarter, right? I think you said it was up like $7 million or $8 million year to year. By my numbers, the R&D has to come down very sharply in the third and fourth. Is that a  sequentially, is that kind of the way things go?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, I expect it will come down and largely driven by the fact that we have got the bulk of the work around the Scorpion program behind us. So, we will obviously do some continued spending as we work our way in both the certification flight test program and the Air Force experimentation program, but it will certainly be down sequentially.
Cai von Rumohr: And then you talked of improved pricing. On the Q1 call, you talked of improved pricing sequentially on all models. Give us some more color on what does improved pricing mean.
Scott Donnelly: Well, improved pricing, if we look at everything, because what we disclose is on a year-over-year basis. For most models, we were also seeing continued sequential pricing. There are some exceptions in there, which is why I would be careful that  for instance, on Mustang. Mustang pricing was down sequentially, and thats largely because we stopped production of that aircraft, and we had the last aircraft that we were selling, and so we did do some additional discounting to move those last aircraft. Now the good news is that is done. We have sold the last of the production Mustang, so that would not be a factor for the balance of the year. But the teams are continuing to see progress on the pricing front and I expect we will through the balance of the year, and we are will to trade volume to make that be true.
Cai von Rumohr: Terrific. Last one. Bell margin, given the huge margin you had in the second quarter, can you beat the 11% Bell we have set out in the fourth quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, I think so, Cai. If we were to lay out sort of just color around that thing, I think Bell was continuing to have a strong year and are executing well in the military programs. We are seeing some strength on the commercial side, obviously, which is good. I think there will be upside there that will help to cover some pressure around where we are with systems, particularly with the TMOS business, its still a little bit to be determined as you are around backyard volumes on the aviation business.
Cai von Rumohr: Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Myles Walton from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Maybe one for you, Frank, on cash flow. First half is pretty darn good in terms of free cash of manufacturing. Just looking at the seasonal pattern historically: a, Im not sure you ever had second quarter inventory goes down; and b, it looks like it will at or above the top end of the range from a guidance perspective. Can you give some color around that?
Frank Connor: Sure. Yes, now that look the seasonal pattern, which certainly suggest will be stronger in the second half. We continue to believe that. CapEx will be heavier in the second half. So it is a little back-end loaded. Obviously, as Scott indicated kind of we continue to see kind of volume that we need to move out there. So, its kind of a little early to be kind of changing our guidance, but certainly, we think we have given the strong first half performance. We think we have upside on the cash side.
Myles Walton: Okay. And then one quick one on rev rec standard adoption in 18?
Frank Connor: Yes.
Myles Walton: Is Bell the one we should think about, because the V-22 volume would decline in 19 from a delivery perspective, but I guess you might accelerate some of that decline in 18, if you go to TSA?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, I mean, look it impacts Bell. It impacts systems. It impacts kind of frankly top line net revenue versus gross revenue in some of our other businesses, but we are still working through kind of all of that, but we dont expect it to be have a material impact when you look at the corporation.
Myles Walton: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks a lot. Hi. Just my first question on industrial, just wondered if there was any update on that sort of $400 million to $500 million sales guide for the year in Arctic CAT and also I guess what was the actual EBIT impacting Q2 from that acquisition?
Scott Donnelly: Im sorry Julian, I dont have that number in front of me and we dont  we are not going to go into EBIT at the individual sort of sub-segment level. But I was sufficed to say that in terms of how the business is performing, its performing consistent with our plan.
Julian Mitchell: Understood. Okay. And then just following up on the cash flow question, I guess, if you think about the components within that full year guidance 650, 750. What sort of working capital assumption is dialed into that given the way you stand now?
Scott Donnelly: I am not sure I understand how to answer the question, Julian. I think from our operational working capital standpoint, we are pretty confident where we are the issue, which I think was what kind of Frank was saying is that when we look at the total year perspective, while we are certainly, I think its going very, very well so far. We would expect it to go very well for the balance of the year. The issue will be around, I think, particularly sales volume at aviation, which would be finished goods. If we decide that we are not getting priced and we are good in trade volume. So operationally, I think I am not concerned, its a question of what the volume is going to be in the second half on aviation.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you. And then my last one would just be on the King Air side, did the second quarter there play out largely as you thought. I mean the declines were a bit less than in the first quarter and you still think there is a reasonable chance you can get to sort of flattish deliveries for the year as a whole in King Airs or is the first half is sort of too lower bar for that to happen?
Scott Donnelly: Well, the second quarter was certainly better than the first quarter with respect to our expectations and our plan of unit volumes, but we certainly need to see a pretty significant uptick in demand in Q3, Q4 and I dont  we will see how the market plays out, Julian, but you are right, what we were off of what we would have liked to say our plan was more in the first quarter than the second, but we do need to see a material increase in volume here in Q3, Q4 to get to where we would like to be on King Airs.
Julian Mitchell: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hey, good morning, guys.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Just following up on the last question with regards to King Airs, Scott, do you think its  just trying to gauge whether you think this is a shorter term issue where it might be international weakness or do you think its longer term where you are seeing cannibalization from the light trucks coming in and eating up King Air demand?
Scott Donnelly: No, I think its really the dynamic, Sheila, is more around just international markets are still  are still kind of tough. And our exchange rates obviously are quite strong. And its making the product more expensive and we are not willing to take price out of there to sort of compensate for that. And so we are kind of holding the line on that. Again, remember this is a market where we have a product thats very popular product to a certain product and we just kind of have to hold the line with it. So, I dont think its a cannibalization particularly in the international marketplace, the King Air performance envelope and the mission that it fulfills is pretty unique. And I think we will be fine over the long-haul, but we need to hold the line here in the near-term.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay, that makes sense. And then if I could follow-up on the Scorpion and just the OA-X flight testing in August. I mean, could you just elaborate more on the process and sort of what you expect with ideal scenario for Textron coming out of it?
Scott Donnelly: Well, as the Air Force has articulated, the experimentation program will really put these aircraft through their pace as they have got a bunch of different mission scenarios that includes from flight envelope, a lot of different mission scenarios, ordinance missions that are going to be run over the course of that August maybe in the beginning of September. And so they dont have a specific criteria or pass, fail, they just  they want to see what the aircraft are capable of. Obviously, you have things like Scorpion and then AT-6 which are both very, very capable platforms, very different in terms of their performance envelope and they want to see what each of those aircraft can do as well as A-29, which we expect is also in there. So, it really is no  its unusual, its not a matter, hey, guys, you got to go do X or Y or Z or here is the past, they want to see what the aircraft are capable of. So that would be the first step in a process here and as the Air Force has said that will kind of inform them as to what they think their next step is.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Understood. Thank you very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rajeev Lalwani from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Rajeev Lalwani: Good morning, gentlemen.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Rajeev Lalwani: In regard to systems and defense overall, can you provide some color on the puts and takes around growth next year and what we should be focusing on. You talked about the TAPV and whats going on there by putting that aside?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I dont know  obviously we are not quite ready to get into guidance for next year in terms of dynamics just mentioned particularly around TAPV and Ship-to-Shore Connector, which have been some of those more challenging points of the  of the systems business. We will have most of TAPV behind us, which is good. So I have certainly seen improved year in that regard and we expect that volume to largely be replaced by other vehicle programs, which historically have been normal good margin programs for us. So, we certainly see significant change in margin rate on a year-over-year basis there. Ship-to-Shore Connector, which again has been a multiyear fixed price development program, which has always been a difficult margin program, is going to be converting and starting to transition into production. We are in the process of negotiating long lead material and in the initial production units. So again from a year-over-year basis, I think particularly around the TMLS business, which has been a challenge for us MLP here in the last couple years frankly, we should see that business transitioning from fixed price development and a difficult fixed price development and production program into more typical margin programs going forward.
Rajeev Lalwani: Excellent. On free cash flow given the comments you made earlier about inventory control and capital management, how are you thinking about conversion going forward?
Scott Donnelly: Look, no differently. Its where we should be converting cash kind of bit under one times, depends on CapEx levels and spending levels and deposit activity and things like that. So there is volatility to it. But we have been focused on kind of better working capital management and thats what we are seeing, but no change in longer time expectations.
Rajeev Lalwani: Right. Thanks for your time.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Arment from Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter Arment: Yes, thanks. Good morning, Scott and Frank.
Scott Donnelly: Hi, Peter.
Peter Arment: Hey, just quick one Scott on following back on Scorpion, I know obviously, the experimental programs, the most important thing here near-term, but was there any incremental takeaways from discussions in Paris, I mean seeing the aircraft over there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I would say from a Paris perspective, we continue to get good exposure from potential foreign customers, which has always been a key focus on the Scorpion program. I think that the aircraft especially now that we have the production versions available which is something that a number of the prospective customers have wanted to see. We continue those dialogues. Some are kind of watching and waiting to see a little bit what happens with the Air Force experimentation program and others continue to have more specific discussions with us around when they want to come over, when they want to fly the aircraft and are laying in some cases their own plans and budgets in place for the program. So I would say Paris was positive. But again, we really are very focused on experimentation program because I think that not only the will the U.S. Air Force get a good read on the capability of the platform, but I think a number of our perspective international customers are likewise on watching to see how the programs goes.
Peter Arment: Thats great. And then just two quick ones Frank, just housekeeping on the stock buyback whats left on your availability for that and then also whats the expectations of the tax rate for the years I think last that was around 30%?
Frank Connor: Yes. I think we have got about 20 million shares or so left on the authorization, but we will just redo the authorizations as required, so there is no real  there is no limitation relative to authorizations really because thats a continuing thing that we look at. And tax rates should be around 28.5% for the year. So we will be a little better than where we had originally guided.
Peter Arment: Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Drew Lipke from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Drew Lipke: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking the time.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Drew Lipke: I guess first question is on longitude, can you update us on where we stand as far as potential order activity there and then when you look at just kind of level of competition in the super midsize segment I mean how confident are you in your ability to hit the margin goal for the program as we stand today?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think we are pretty confident. The aircraft is flying really well from a performance standpoint in terms of the things our customer look at around range and useful load and speed we have a better aircraft and other aircraft that are in that segment today. So I think that as we talk to customers about the aircraft and accumulate a lot of information around the flight testing, its all very positive. I think people are very enthusiastic and we just  keep in mind, we just built the first one that really has a nice real aircraft with the real customer interior and are just entering into the phase where customers will get a chance to actually fly in the aircraft on demo flights. So we do have  we have already have some order activity, but you wouldnt expect at this point to see a whole lot of that until people can actually fly the aircraft. And thats the phase that we are entering into at this point. So I think we will do well. I think its again from a performance and pricing standpoint I think we are in a good place and we will see how it plays through the balance of the year.
Drew Lipke: Okay. And then just jumping over to Scorpion, two questions on that, I mean on the one hand you have got key members of the Air Force testifying consistently stating publicly that the OA-X program is the strategic priority and you have got Senate Armed Service Committee dedicating $1.2 billion, but on the other hand if you look Air Forces unfunded priorities list, there is no mention whatsoever of the program, so I am curious what do you think of it, how do you kind of reconcile those two and what your take in the criticality of the program and then just also that the $2 billion of light attack for that Saudi package, do you believe thats dependent on the OA-X program and what do you think your odds are there for that the Saudi piece?
Scott Donnelly: Well, so I guess what I would say is part of the U.S. Air Force concern, remember that where they are in this process is an experimentation program. So I think the chief and a lot of very senior people Air Force have been articulating the need for a platform like this. And they feel that its important to the Air Force to have the capability like this, but it would be hard for them I think even on an unfunded list to advocate for something that they havent flown and seen demonstrated. So I think that their interest and desire on the program and certainly as you know the Senate Armed Services for instance saying what we have recognized this is a need and we want to put budget authority in there for it. We also cant get the problem worse here. I think the Air Force is being pragmatic about the fact that they need to execute experimentation program, understand what the capability is of the platforms that they are looking at and then take their next step, whatever that might be. So I think from a process standpoint they are doing it an appropriate fashion, it will be very hard for the Chief to say how I am going to advocate for something that I havent flown and dont really know what its capable of doing. So slightly thats kind of where that the processes is on Air Force side. In terms of the Saudi budget item around OA-X, obviously this is one of the customers that we are in discussions with, but these are early on discussions. There are certainly a number of things that we are looking at, but we think that now the performance envelope, the capability of what Scorpion can do makes it a very viable product for what their requirement is, but its still in its formulative stages I would say.
Drew Lipke: Great. Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Good morning. I wanted a clarification on Scorpion R&D Scott, it would seem to me like the Scorpion R&D was maybe up $5 million or so in the second quarter relative to the first quarter as opposed to the expectation it was going to be down a little bit, is that fair?
Scott Donnelly: George, we dont  obviously, we dont breakout R&D in the individual businesses and certainly by product line, but without any numbers to it, in other words a significant amount of spending around Scorpion in the quarter. It was pretty comparable where it was in the first quarter, I mean the  we really have talked more about first half, second half around scorpion, because of the balance of work that we had to get going here in the first couple of quarters. But so there is no material change from where we would have expected it to be, but we still have to believe you will certainly see less spending as we go into the back half of the year.
George Shapiro: And may Frank, first quarter you disclosed in the Q that there was $11 million pricing benefit at aviation, can you disclose what it was this quarter or we got to wait for the Q?
Frank Connor: No, we had some positive pricing. But we will wait for the Q.
George Shapiro: And then aftermarket relatively flat or up a little in the quarter?
Frank Connor: Flat.
George Shapiro: And then Scott, just in general you say that the demand is kind of like what you have been expecting so far in aviation, but we got a book to bill of one, business jet cycles have been going up, used planes as a percentage of fleet keep coming down, you are getting better pricing, so I mean what else does it take to get you to be slightly more positive on where the cycles go on?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think just more demand, George. Its  I do think the business jet market in terms of where we expected to be is about where we are with these, right. I mean we are trying to get some pricing out there and we are succeeding with that. We have to succeed with that. I think that we would feel better about a prospect or if we did see some something around tax reform what people felt better about their businesses and therefore more likely to spend CapEx. But the business jet market is largely where we expected to be. I dont think its much better or worse. I think there could be some upside if we get some tax stuff done. The thing thats creating more of a drag or kind of what you are watching more closely is really around more of the total box side, which is a different dynamic as we talked about being a more international market for the Caravan or the King Airs, but I think the business jet side is performing as we expected.
George Shapiro: Okay. Thanks very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronald Epstein from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ronald Epstein: Hi, good morning guys.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Ronald Epstein: How is the aftermarket been doing for Textron Aviation, broadly speaking when you think about spare parts and training services as a whole non-OEPs of the business, how is that growing?
Scott Donnelly: Its pretty flat on a year-over-year basis.
Ronald Epstein: And what do you think is causing that?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we havent had a dramatic change in the fleet size obviously. I would say you are not seeing the kind of install base grow. I mean your  our relative level of deliveries is flat or below whats been here in the past decade certainly. And you see lot older aircraft that start arent being pulling that much. So there is no at a macro level there is nothing to drive a whole lot of additional service when your installed base really isnt changing dramatically.
Ronald Epstein: Yes. So I mean when we think about whats been going on in the mid-to-late business jet markets, I guess to some extent even that the largest or even worst more recently, strategically when you think about the portfolio Scott, I mean when does the time will start doing some portfolio repositioning?
Scott Donnelly: We come around the aviation side?
Ronald Epstein: Just in general, right. I mean here we are how many years, 8 years past the financial crisis and biz jets arent growing again. And I mean when  I dont want to say when you are throwing the towel, but when do you start thinking about different bigger likes of the business, something like that to bolster growth?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look without getting I mean obviously if we had something in the M&A world but we were  on the road of journey, we would kind of talk more about that. I dont think there is anything on the near horizon that we would have any conversation. I think when you look at each of the individual businesses, aviation is probably, perhaps, our best example right now is that we were trying to focus our R&D dollars in expansion of our portfolio within that business, right. So when you look at it not only going into the single-engine turboprop space, as you look at longitude and then hemisphere going up into those classes of aircraft where we have not been, we are trying to focus our R&D spending in those spaces that will give us net growth, right? So Scorpion certainly falls into that category. So most of the money, virtually all the money right now that we are spending is in products that will be adds to that portfolio; which are not, we are going to take away from existing with aircraft sales, because they are in a different class of aircraft than what we have had in the past. So, I mean that is our strategy organically to do that in the aviation business. Obviously, the same is true in the Bell Helicopter businesses. If you look at the 525, which is the biggest Bell we have ever done. When you look at the 505, which we are started to realize some of the benefits going back into the light helicopter side, where we have not been for a number of years; obviously, we got the V-280s and V-247s to expand the portfolio into a very large part of the military market. When you look at the vehicle business, expanding more into the consumer side, so again, I  I think, from an investment standpoint, I think where we are focusing our R&D dollars organically across our businesses is principally in expanding beyond the portfolios that we have historically served to try to drive growth even in a flattish environment. Now, obviously, if we can get some tailwind in the aviation side, or thats all good for us, but we need to be spending our money in places that will drive long-term growth by expanding the rest of those product lines.
Ronald Epstein: Yes. And then maybe one more just sort of smaller business, but I thought it was intriguing. When you had a us all down in Georgia and we were visiting the facilities down there, the aircrafts or what I call airport ramp mobile infrastructure business, right, with the DI service and TUG and Douglas and other, how is that business going? I mean, are you seeing growth there? And is there more to do there because that seems like an interesting niche?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Look, it has been  the acquisition that we started TUG a few years ago has gone extremely well. The deal went as we expected from a just integration standpoint. The growth of the business has been strong. We have added deicing side with Premier and then with Safeaero last year, and we continue to look at what would be likely smaller deals and we still kind of hunt around that area. We like it. We have a good position there today, I think a very good reputation with customers across that market and certainly that scenario that we would continue to look at things where we could expand because the ground support role has been a  it was a great acquisition for us and that continues to perform well on organic basis as we introduce more products into that space.
Ronald Epstein: Okay. Yes, cool. Thank you so much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: I just had a couple of follow-ups. Were margins up or down year-over-year in just the pure jet original equipment piece of aviation? So ex Beech, ex prop, ex aftermarket, ex R&D, just the Cessna jet OEPs?
Scott Donnelly: Well, obviously, we dont provide that, Noah, but we did talk just from a color standpoint of about one of the pressures being higher mix of net jet latitudes. And that does put some pressure on margin rates. On the other hand, we have some positive around, trying to dig as we have improved our pricing. That is on the beneficial side. So the bulk of the pressures obviously is more around the lack of the turboprops, but we have been challenged, and as you know, we will continue to be challenged around the mix associated with higher net jet deliveries.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Yes, okay, maybe should have even asked that ex that. I am just trying to better understand margins is going
Scott Donnelly: I will just send you our gross margin by aircraft, and then we would not have a question. 
Noah Poponak: Well, there would still be a good half a dozen airplanes in that question and its an upper-or-down question. I was just trying to understand, because pricing getting better but margins going down as tough to square, although obviously the prop and the military mix stuff
Scott Donnelly: As described, Noah, the prop and the military is the primary driver. When you look at our equipment sales, thats just difficult. Those are great products for us, and if I look this as issue, obviously, the military is a separate discussion. But when you look at the Caravan and the King Airs, we are trying to maintain the prices up there. We need to keep these as fair profitable products. And thats you are going to see, you have seen and you would continue to see lower volumes, because we are going try to hold a line there.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And then just one more, I know you mentioned maybe some upside to the full year plan for the Bell margin, but I wanted to just maybe better understand what drove it to be so strong in the quarter in an effort to better understand whats sustainable versus what was purely specific to the quarter. And it kind of looks like each one having five extra units, if I were just to super rough math, assume they are $25 million a copy and a 25% incremental margin, that would kind of get you right to what the year-over-year EBIT change was, the $30 million bucks. So is that directionally correct that it was mostly H-1 mix or is there some cost savings in there that is sustainable going forward?
Scott Donnelly: It is a combination of both. Obviously, the H-1 volume is helpful to us, but we also had good cost control and overall business performance. But yes, there were some big one-time sitting in there.
Frank Connor: And, Noah, on the military side, you need to think about incremental margin coming through at a NAF margin, not a gross margin level, just the way the accounting works and the accumulation of cost into inventories that area.
Noah Poponak: Okay, so that would be  so what I said would be much too high?
Frank Connor: Yes.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And then so that would imply something like half of it was just sort of savings in performance, okay. Yes, thats really helpful. Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions.
Frank Connor: Terrific.
Eric Salander: Thank you. That concludes our call. We will see you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-19 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Salander  Vice President-Investor Relations Scott Donnelly  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Frank Connor  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Cai von Rumohr  Cowen and Company Julian Mitchell  Credit Suisse Sam Pearlstein  Wells Fargo Robert Stallard  Vertical Recearch Rajeev Lalwani  Morgan Stanley Pete Skibitski  Drexel Hamilton Seth Seifman  JPMorgan Sheila Kahyaoglu  Jefferies Peter Arment  Baird Ron Epstein  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jason Gursky  Citi George Shapiro  Shapiro Research Justin Bergner  Gabelli & Company Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank Carter Copeland  Barclays Noah Poponak  Goldman Sachs Drew Lipke  Stephens
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Textron First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]
Eric Salander: Thanks Brad.
Operator: Go ahead.
Eric Salander: And good morning, everyone. Before we begin, Id like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in todays press release. On the call today we have Scott Donnelly, Textrons Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Textrons revenues in the quarter were $3.1 billion, down $108 million from last years first quarter. During this years first quarter, we recorded $37 million of pre-tax special charges, or $0.09 per share after-tax, of which $22 million was attributable to the Arctic Cat acquisition that closed on March 6, 2017, and $15 million related to the restructuring plan we announced last year. Excluding these items, adjusted income from continuing operations was $0.46 per share, down $0.09 from last years first quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions reflected a use of cash of $205 million compared to a use of cash of $222 million in last years first quarter. With that, Ill turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric, and good morning, everybody. Overall, revenues and profits were down in the quarter, consistent with our expectations. Were continuing to execute our restructuring plan while maintaining our focus on new product introductions and integration of acquired businesses, all of which will have a positive impact on our long-term growth outlook. At Bell, revenues were down on lower military volumes for the quarter due to the timing of H-1 deliveries. Despite the lower volumes in the quarter, Bell achieved an 11.9% operating margin. We delivered 27 commercial helicopters, down from 30 in last years first quarter; six V-22s, flat with last year; and three H-1s, down from 10 last year. On the commercial side, weve seen our third straight quarter of improved year-over-year order flow. And we achieved the first deliveries of our new 505 Jet Ranger X helicopter in the quarter, and order conversion remained strong. We also had a good showing at HAI this year, where we displayed our first concept aircraft, the FCX-001, demonstrating innovations that could revolutionize the future of rotorcraft. On the service side, we were named number one in the helicopter service and support for the 23rd consecutive year by Pro Pilot magazine. Moving to systems, revenues were up as we were able to accelerate our weapon delivery in the quarter, along with continued TAPV deliveries, although the TAPV program remains a challenge. During the first quarter of 2017, TAPV production has not ramped up as anticipated, resulting in inefficiencies and revised estimates for production costs on the remaining vehicles still to be delivered under this contract. Based on our revised estimates, weve recorded a $24 million loss in this contract in the first quarter of 2017. This unfavorable performance was partially offset by strong program execution at Unmanned Systems. In our Unmanned Systems business, we received an award for two additional common unmanned surface vessels in support of the Navys mine countermeasure mission. In our TRU Simulation + Training business, we qualified six commercial air transport full flight simulators and received an additional 777X full flight simulator order from Boeing. Moving to industrial, we saw a 4.2% increase in revenues, primarily reflecting the impact of higher volumes at Kautex and the acquisition of Arctic Cat, which we closed in the first week of March. Arctic Cat, which is now part of our Textron Specialized Vehicles business, immediately broadens our presence in the powersports segment and significantly expands our dealer network. In specialized vehicles, we also began delivering on our new ELiTE series lithium golf cars in the quarter. The ELiTE offers high efficiency with zero battery maintenance and further demonstrates our industry-leading product innovation. Moving to Textron Aviation, revenues were down $121 million. We delivered 35 jets, up from 34 last year; 12 King Airs, just down from 26 last year; and two Beechcraft T-6 trainers compared to 11 last year. We were encouraged by the pricing trends on retail sales in the quarter as we experienced a sequential increase in price across all Citation and King Air models. Citation Longtitude continues to makes progress towards certification by year-end, with a third aircraft entering a flight test program during the quarter. On the military side, last week, we received a $61 million contract from the U.S. Air Force for services and support on our Beechcraft T-6 aircraft. Moving to Scorpion, our second production aircraft had a successful first flight earlier this week and will enter the flight test program. In March, the U.S. Air Force formally authorized our OA-X light attack aircraft experimentation program, for which we have offered to demonstrate the capabilities of both the Scorpion and the AT-6 later this summer. To finish, we are updating Textrons 2017 financial guidance to adjust for the Arctic Cat acquisition. Were now expecting full year adjusted EPS from continuing operations in the range of $2.40 to $2.60, which reflects earnings per share dilution of $0.10 per share, consistent with our expectations at the time we announced that transaction. Our outlook for cash flow for the continuing operations of the manufacturing group before pension contributions remains in the range of $650 million to $750 million. With that, Ill turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $219 million, down $61 million from the first quarter of 2016 on $108 million decrease in revenue. Lets review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. At Textron Aviation, revenues were down $121 million from this period last year, primarily due to lower commercial and defense-related turboprop volumes, partially offset by higher pre-owned volumes. Segment profit was $36 million, down from $73 million a year ago, primarily as a result of lower volume and mix. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1 billion, approximately flat from year-end. Moving to Bell, revenues were down $117 million, primarily due to lower H-1 program revenues. Segment profit increased $1 million from the first quarter of 2016 despite the lower volumes, reflecting favorable performance. Backlog in the segment was $5.7 billion at the end of the quarter, up $292 million from the end of the fourth quarter. At Textron Systems, revenues were up $92 million, primarily due to higher Weapons and Sensors and Marine and Land Systems volumes. Segment profit was down $9 million due to unfavorable performance at Marine and Land. Backlog in the segment was $1.7 billion, down $113 million from the end of the fourth quarter. Industrial revenues increased $40 million due to the impact of acquisitions and higher volumes at Kautex. Segment profit was down $15 million, primarily due to unfavorable performance, which includes the operating results of Arctic Cat. Finance segment revenues decreased $2 million and profit decreased $1 million. Moving below segment profit, corporate expenses were $27 million compared to $32 million last year. This reflected the transition of the Scorpion program to Textron Aviation, partially offset by the effect of a higher stock price on stock-based compensation. Interest expense was $34 million, essentially flat with last year. Our effective tax rate was 17.4%, reflecting benefits recognized in the first quarter of 2017 resulting from audit settlements and the recognition of excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation. During the quarter, weve recorded pre-tax special charges of $37 million, which included $22 million attributable to the Arctic Cat acquisition and $15 million related to the restructuring plan we announced last year. To update our previously announced restructuring plan, we now anticipate pre-tax charges of $155 million to $170 million from a previously announced range of $140 million to $170 million. Through the first quarter of 2017, we have recognized pre-tax charges of $38 million under this plan. In connection with the Arctic Cat acquisition, we are estimating full year pre-tax restructuring charges of $30 million. During the quarter, we issued $350 million of 10-year notes at an attractive rate of 3.65%, and we repurchased approximately 4 million shares, returning $186 million in cash to shareholders. As Scott mentioned earlier and consistent with our initial full year guidance range, we are now expecting a full year adjusted EPS from continuing operations in the range of $2.40 to $2.60 per share, which reflects earnings per share dilution of $0.10 per share from Arctic Cat. We are maintaining our outlook for cash flow from continuing operations of the manufacturing group before pension contributions of $650 million to $750 million despite an estimated use of cash of $55 million related to the Arctic Cat acquisition. That concludes our prepared remarks. So operator, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And well move to the first question with George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Donnelly: Hi, George.
Operator: Mr. Shapiro, your line is open. George, you may have your mute on perhaps.
Scott Donnelly: Probably move to the next question.
Operator: Sure. We will go to Cai von Rumohr with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr: Thank you very much. So your guide update, based on the first quarter tax rate, it looks like were going to have a lower tax rate and weaker ops than you had when you first guided. So maybe update us in terms of where is the tax rate likely to be for 2017. And maybe run us through the operations because it kind of looks like some of them are going to be light.
Scott Donnelly: Well, Cai, let me say, on the operational side, most of the businesses performed consistent with where we expected and actually, most of them probably a little bit stronger performance, the exception, of course, being the TAPV program. And obviously, thats a headwind for us. So that $24 million of NOP, I think, largely, over the course of the year, we think we can offset that. As I said, we saw stronger performance in our Unmanned Systems business, we saw stronger performance at Bell. And again, in general, most of the businesses are performing well. The tax rate certainly will have some benefit. Although the tax rate this quarter is lower, I think in the second, third, fourth quarter, we would expect to be in our more nominal rate, which means well probably finish the year something just under 30% in terms of the overall tax rate for the company. But the issue for us really is to focus on the operations and find offsets to the impact of the $24 million charge on the TAPV program, and I think we can work hard to get there through better performance in most of the businesses.
Cai von Rumohr: Okay. And then a quick one on aviation. Maybe explain why the turbo  the King Airs were as weak and what you expect for the year. And walk us through your color about pricing improvement  improving as you went through the quarter for biz jets.
Scott Donnelly: So I would say, on the King Air side, Cai, as you know, the King Air side traditionally had been a fairly international product, usually averaging around half of our sales, sometimes more than that. And right now, with kind of where economies are and the strength of the dollar, its just been tough selling on the King Air front, so we only had three international deliveries of King Airs. I think if you look at the order pipeline, you talk to our sales teams, they feel pretty good that well see a positive trend as we go through the course of the year and feel like we can get to what our original plan was even though were obviously lighter than we would have expected to be here in the first quarter. So thats kind of the color, I suppose, on the King Airs. The T-6s, that will not be the case, right? I mean we know  that was built in to our original plan, that we would see low deliveries on T-6s. And again, theres some other opportunities out there, which I think will help us in the future, but its going to be a pretty tough year. And we always understood that on the T-6 front. On the pricing in general, as we talked about on the last call, were just  weve sort of reestablished what were willing to do in terms of pricing in the marketplace, and obviously, weve had to communicate that with customers. There is still a very good deal, frankly, compared to historical pricing in the market, but I think it reflects our view of where we need to be to have a healthy business. And so there were difficult conversations with many customers. I think as we got towards the end of the quarter, people started to understand that, thats just the reality of where we are. And we did see incremental improvements in pricing across every model, and we expect to continue that on a go-forward basis. And that was true on both the Citation as well as the King Air front. So again, I think were in a  we all know were in a weaker demand environment maybe than weve seen in the past. Weve adjusted production rates down on a number of these aircraft, and we need to hold the line on the pricing to keep the business healthy.
Cai von Rumohr: Thank you so much.
Operator: And well go to the next question in queue that will come from Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you. So I guess one bright spot in these results was the Bell margin performance. I think youd guided that to drop about 100 points for the year as a whole. Obviously, you had a good improvement in the margin in the first quarter. So was there anything specific around mix or anything that supported the Bell profits in Q1 that you think unwinds over the balance of the year?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Julian, I mean, were a little bit light, obviously, on the revenue side, but that wasnt really a mix issue. Its H-1s, which were something that which  was relatively minor issue. We had some tolerance issues, which has been resolved in aircraft during flight tests, so I expect were more or less on plan in terms of how we expect the year to go from a revenue standpoint. I think I wouldnt change our guidance in terms of how we think about Bell for the balance of the year. But  certainly strong performance, but it was across the board, with one  no one specific thing or no specific mix impact that affected it. So I think well perform to what we guided, and maybe theres a little upside based on the performance of the business for the year. I think the guys are doing a nice job.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. And then just with the aviation profitability, you talked about the Scorpion being about a $50 million EBIT impact in that segment for the year. Was there any particular sort of front loading in those costs? And I guess, related to that, how do you feel about the overall aviation cost base exiting Q1 in light of the orders performance?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. Sure, so absolutely. If you look at the Scorpion program, we forecasted kind of within the guide to be about 100 basis point dilution for the year. Thats certainly very much front-end loaded. It was in the order of a couple of 100 basis points or so in the quarter, just to give you a sense of that. And thats just the fact that were sort of in the heavy-spend part of that program in the latter part of last year, beginning half of this year as we get the aircraft ready for the flight test program, for the airworthiness as well as, obviously, our expectation that well be able to participate in this Air Force experimentation program. So weve got a lot of spend here in getting those aircraft in the air and not just the aircraft themselves but the mission systems that are expected to be there for the Air Force experimentation program. So absolutely, in the case of Scorpion, thats very front half of the year loaded in terms of its impact to the aviation business. Id say in terms of the cost base, in general, the aviation guys actually did a pretty nice job in the quarter, delivering where we expected them to be, even though we were lighter than we expected to be on the King Air front. So theres no question that volume was below our plan for the first quarter, again, driven primarily by the King Airs. But given the King Air volume that was not there and what we anticipated in terms of the volume and mix on the jet side, the performance and the cost controls were where they needed to be to deliver on the operating plan.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Sam Pearlstein: Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Sam Pearlstein: Could you talk a little bit more about Arctic Cat? Just help me understand, I guess, what should the Industrial segment look like this year now as you consolidate that and we look at the intangible amortization? And you talked about the $55 million of outflow this year. How should we think about, I guess, from an earnings benefit or even a cash impact into 2018 at this point?
Scott Donnelly: Well, most of the negative impact of the acquisition in terms of the 2017 financials is driven by solving the inventory issue, which has been out there for some time and which we knew about, obviously, and talked about as part of the deal. And that was clearly factored into our valuation of deal economics. So this issue of 2017 operating performance is really very highly correlated to those rebate programs associated with clearing out the older-model product, and that will have, obviously, the operating profit hit and, certainly, the cash hit. And we have factored that in. As you noticed, we did not change our cash forecast for the year. We think we have other opportunities in general in terms of working capital management that we can use to offset that $55 million of cash outflow associated with, in essence, cleaning of the inventory balance and the dealers as we go through the balance of the year. We expect to clear the lions share of that out. Frankly, were already getting pretty good traction. The guys are very, very focused on resolving that issue. So weve already seen a fair bit, which is why we had some impact in the quarter, of coming out of the gate and we know we have to go clean up the dealer channel to get this thing back on a growth trajectory and then generating good profit. And thats certainly our expectation for 2018.
Sam Pearlstein: Okay. And then from a restructuring standpoint, can you help me just to  it looks like the total restructuring plan moved up a little bit relative to, I guess, the case that you could spend up as much as  or have as much as a $47 million hit this year, but now it looks like its a smaller amount. So did programs get pushed into 2018? Does it carry forward longer? Can you just update us on the restructuring?
Scott Donnelly: No. I think on the initial restructuring program that we announced, we brought the bottom of the range up a little bit, so weve tightened it. But the top of it remains what we had discussed in previous guidance, so theres no real change there other than just tightening it. And then that will certainly be done by the end of 2017. I mean the bulk of it will be done by the end of the next quarter. Theres a little bit that trickles out towards the end of the year, and thats just because, in the case particularly of Jacobsen, were sort of moving that stuff one production line at a time, and so it does go out to the end of the year. In the case of the restructuring associated with Arctic Cat, the bulk of that was taken here in the first quarter because it had to do primarily with deal costs and change of control clauses and things associated with the transaction, severance of folks here immediately. And theres a little bit through the  principally through the second, somewhat third quarter, but the bulk of it has already been taken.
Sam Pearlstein: And one last question. Just with all the discussion about the Navy potentially looking at more ships, has there been any change in terms of the desire to pull forward Ship to Shore Connector? Is there any change in kind of the outlook for that program?
Scott Donnelly: So there are  there have been some discussions about increasing the initial LRIP buy. Right now, the original plan was a couple of ships. Theyre talking about that could be as high as 5 ships. Were in discussions with the Navy right now in terms of getting ready for the long-lead material to support that contract. But to be honest, I mean, they dont have a budget right now. So I cant tell you whether that number is 2 or 5, but the program of record appears very solid. The program  I think the Navy is happy with where things are and how theyre progressing and, as I said, are ready to start long lead for the LRIP program, but unfortunately, just given the status of  I mean, the CR and all the budgetary turmoil thats going on, we nor they, I dont think, have a very good visibility right now as to what the number of units will be for this first LRIP tranche.
Sam Pearlstein: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Recearch. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Hi, Thanks very much. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Hi, Rob.
Robert Stallard: Scott, I was wondering if you could start on aviation and whether you could comment on the regional demand profile, whether youve seen any pickup in demand from the U.S. region.
Scott Donnelly: Well, most of the demand is still very U.S.-centric. I think, obviously, weve been there for a while, and I dont necessarily see that changing here over the next few quarters. We do see some activity in Europe, which is encouraging. Weve had a couple of transactions in South America, but its still a very U.S.-centric market right now.
Robert Stallard: And have you now seen any major pickup in the U.S. because weve seen some pretty positive economic indicators?
Scott Donnelly: Theres  the pipeline, I think the guys feel pretty good about. And obviously, were pretty flat on a year-over-year basis in terms of the number of jets, but I think theres still folks that are kind of waiting to see what happens particularly around the tax reform side. So theres a little bit of a stall, kind of waiting to see whats going to happen around taxes and, therefore, expectations that people have around the U.S. economy. So I think people are still positive, but a little bit guarded, waiting to see what will happen.
Robert Stallard: Okay. And then on the TAPV, could you elaborate on what the issues were in the quarter and why you are confident you can reclaim the situation by the end of the year?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I hate to go through a litany. Look, the problem of this thing has been a series of issues, none of which are rocket science to fix, but things that just have not been  met the expectation that the customer has in terms of some things around finish, and weve had some paint issues. I mean its  yes, its been a handful of issues, each one of which has largely led to some increases in bill of material cost and, more importantly, rework to get the vehicle to an acceptable condition. And again, its not stuff thats particularly technically challenging, but theyve been a series of issues, and thats driven not only bill of material growth but an awful lot of rework. And thats slowed down the pace of deliveries, and it has driven increased rework costs. And thats why we finally got to a position, so look, we just have to take this charge. Obviously, our expectation is, is that were done with that. We need to do a better job here on the ramp of deliverables. I think we can still get to where we need to get to by the end of this year per our plan, but certainly, the first quarter, we did not see the ramp that we expected to see. And that impacted both cash in terms of getting these things delivered and out of inventory and, even more importantly, its driven higher costs, which has resulted in the charge.
Robert Stallard: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rajeev Lalwani with Morgan Stanley.
Rajeev Lalwani: Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Rajeev Lalwani: Scott, a couple of Scorpion questions for you. Can you walk us through the process from here, a possible Air Force order, implications for the program, whether you win or lose and just the competitive landscape there as you progress?
Scott Donnelly: Well, the experimentation program is a stand-alone program, right. So this is basically Air Force saying, we want to see whats out there that would support that category of mission. So they have articulated what their expectations are, what kinds of things they would like to see demonstrated. They issued that. Companies were invited to send in proposals on what they would be able to demonstrate if they were invited to do that. We have done that for both Scorpion and AT-6. We think both aircraft, I mean, whilst theyre different aircraft in terms of the performance envelope, can both fit within the realm of what kinds of capabilities the Air Force is looking to see demonstrated. So well know here probably in another month whether we have been invited to participate in that. The expectation right now is, at that program, the actual flying of the aircraft would occur in that kind of August into September time frame. And what the Air Force has been saying publicly is that they will use that experimentation program to help inform them as to whats out there and available and use that as a basis to decide whether theyre going to put together a program of record on a go-forward basis.
Rajeev Lalwani: And given your comments earlier on Ship to Shore, how does CR come into play and budgetary concerns, et cetera, if at all?
Scott Donnelly: Well, under a CR, obviously, youre not going to see any new programs. So  but I think that anything that would happen around Ship to Shore expansion is going to be a combination of what ultimately is approved even in the FY 2017 budget, as you know, which doesnt exist. So the resolution of the FY 2017 and then, clearly, whats going to be in the FY 2018 budget will drive programs like Ship to Shore in terms of their ability to ramp up and go into a limited-rate and, ultimately, full-rate production. And certainly, anything around an OA-X-type program is something thats going to need to be embedded within an FY 2018 budget. So obviously, the Air Force has the flexibility to allocate some money to do things like an experimentation program to understand whats out there, but any kind of real acquisition program is something that would have to, I think, at this point, be in the FY 2018 budget. Maybe there is something they can put in to get something started in FY 2017, but I think most of the funding associated with these larger programs would have to be FY 2018 budgets.
Rajeev Lalwani: A quick question for Frank, if I could slip one in. Frank, I think you mentioned buybacks in the quarter, $180 million or so. Can you just talk more about the step up there and internally, how youre thinking about capital returns given that shift?
Frank Connor: Yes. Its consistent with where weve been, which is weve said were going to look to buy stock to at least offset the dilution associated with our employee stock programs and that, above that, we would look to be opportunistic kind of around share repurchase and return of capital relative to acquisition activities and other needs for the cash. And so it was just a reflection of the fact that with the Arctic Cat acquisition happening kind of fourth quarter, we didnt buy much stock kind of, and so we look to offset some of the dilution and do other things in the first quarter here.
Rajeev Lalwani: Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: And our next question comes from Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton.
Pete Skibitski: Good morning, guys. Just to finish up on Arctic Cat, can you give us your updated expectations for Industrial revenue for the year?
Scott Donnelly: So the Arctic Cat is probably going to be somewhere around $0.5 million, Im sorry, $0.5 billion of revenue, and its about 100 basis point dilution, which obviously hits sort of $0.10 EPS that we talked about and now have baked into the latest number.
Peter Skibitski: Got it, okay. Thank you. And then, Scott, is there any upside to Bell margin guidance for the year? You started off pretty well there, and you talked about H-1 timing. And so those will ramp the rest of the year, and Im assuming theyre at least in line with the sector average. Any thoughts there?
Scott Donnelly: They are. Yes, look, Pete, I think, if we look at businesses that had strong performance in the first quarter or that we expect to continue through the balance of the year, its certainly a couple of the systems businesses and Bell. I think the guys  again, it performed very well on the margin rate, and I think that we continue, as weve talked about, to feel pretty good about opportunities around the 412, which is a good margin product for us. And youre right, the H-1s is purely a timing issue, and they tend to be in line with the segment margin rates. So yes, I would say there is probably some upside potential at least on the margin rate side at Bell for the year.
Pete Skibitski: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Hey, good morning. Thanks very much. I guess, can you tell us  do you plan to also offer the T-6 for the light attack experiment?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, yes. No, well submit both the Scorpion as well as the AT-6, which is the attack variant of the T-6 trainer. So the experimentation in terms of the way it was expressed by the Air Force, in terms of the requirements or what they want to see demonstrated was, I think, intentionally broad enough to pick up a pretty broad swath of capability that would involve everything from aircraft class of the AT-6 in the sort of the single-engine turboprop class of aircraft up to and including twin jet kind of aircraft like a Scorpion-type aircraft. So its a  the breadth or how wide, they kind of said, hey, heres what  wed like to see aircraft with the following kinds of capability, was, I think, very  intentionally very broad. And so where ultimately they want to go from a requirement standpoint, then  if they go at all, is I think to be informed by that. And so theyll be able to see aircraft that range everything from, Id say, the light turboprop space to the heavier jets. And the good news for us is we can put both capabilities into the program.
Seth Seifman: Yes. And just as a follow-up, just a follow-up on Petes last question. Guidance for Industrial, excluding Arctic Cat, is that still about $4 billion of sales and a 9% margin?
Frank Connor: Yes. That was the original guidance. And as Scott said, kind of Arctic Cat will be $400 million to $500 million, and about 1% dilution will be best reflected in that $ 0.10 of dilution that we indicated.
Seth Seifman: Okay. Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question will come from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hey, good morning, guys.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Frank, if I could start with you. Just on the manufacturing cash flow, can you talk a little bit about the working capital build in the quarter? And how do you think that swings, if it swings positively in Q2, and just the ramp-up for the full year?
Frank Connor: Yes. Sheila, obviously, kind of Q1 is always a bit of a build for us as we  given the seasonality of the business. The first quarter from a balance sheet impact  or standpoint was impacted by Arctic Cat. So when you look at working capital, for instance, about $140 million of the inventory increase related to the Arctic Cat acquisition. So its hard to make an apples-to-apples comparison. But kind of generally, we did okay on the working capital side, Id say, in the first quarter, and we expect things to improve as we move forward and that Q2 kind of will be better than Q1 and cash flow will continue to improve as we move through the year.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay, got it. Thats helpful. And then one on systems, if I could ask, just the top line trajectory there. Weapons and Sensors is pretty strong. Is that expected to continue throughout the year? Or is that the  how do we think about the last Sensor Fuzed Weapons shipments and just the profitability swings there quarterly?
Scott Donnelly: So theres, basically, at this point, Sheila, one additional delivery that will happen for the balance of the lot on SFW. Right now, were in conversations with the customer on that as to whether that will be a third quarter or a second quarter delivery. Right now, on a contractual basis, its probably out in the third quarter. If they have an issue in taking them, we could probably  and again, not certain but we could probably get the deliveries and inspections completed to deliver on the second quarter if thats what they want to do, and that would be the last delivery.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay, got it. Thats helpful. And then so the profitability mix sort of is in line with the full year guidance of 8.5%. It normalizes once weapons comes down a bit and TAPV, I guess, resets.
Scott Donnelly: Well, the impact there  the only thing thats not factored into that guidance is that $24 million of the impact on TAPV. Now as I said earlier, I think some of the offsets to that, from a program performance standpoint, are likely to be Unmanned Systems. So well see some mitigation in  within the systems segment, but part of the offset will also be in other segments. So you can certainly expect that we will be on the low end or below the guidance range on systems as a result of that TAPV charge.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Understood, got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Peter Arment with Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter Arment: Yes. Good morning, Scott and Frank. Just a quick one on  back on Scorpion. Just Scott, how many  you mentioned the second production aircraft just had its first flight. How many do you need for the Air Force program?
Scott Donnelly: What you could do it with just one. They kind of leave that up to the companies. We obviously have 2 that are flying right now. Well actually have a third that will be flying at that point in time. And so depending on how they want to schedule things and run the operation, we could support that with probably 1 or 2 aircraft. And then we would have a third aircraft thats really dedicated to the flight test program associated with airworthiness.
Peter Arment: Okay. And then just switching over on the  you mentioned unmanned, that demand was there. Is that really  is that just operational tempo thats impacting that? Or what specifically is driving that?
Scott Donnelly: Its operational tempo, which is strong, and just performance in terms of managing cost and executing on the other contracts pretty efficiently. So I think, overall, that business is  flows to the next quarter, and I would expect that will continue for the balance of the year.
Peter Arment: Okay. And lastly, just you mentioned  I think the T-6 shipments for the year, we know, are going to be down significantly. I think the last time I heard, it was about 15 or so. Is that still a good number to use?
Frank Connor: Its a little lower than that.
Scott Donnelly: Probably 10 to  somewhere in the 10 or 12 for the total year.
Peter Arment: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ron Epstein with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ron Epstein: Yes. Good morning, guys.
Frank Connor: Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Ron Epstein: Just a couple of quick questions. Most  everything has been asked. Frank, on the delinquencies, they were up, and just not a big number but it was up 50% year-over-year. Whats going on there? Is there anything? Is it just seasonality? Or whats going on there?
Frank Connor: Yes. There is no  really no trends. It bounces around a little bit quarter-to-quarter, but there is no trends. And we feel good about kind of how the portfolio is doing.
Ron Epstein: Okay, great. And then moving back to the vehicles business. As we go into the spring here, and I would imagine the selling season for side-by-side vehicles is picking up, how does that look? I mean, can you give us any color on the order activity and the shipment to the channel and all that sort of stuff?
Scott Donnelly: Well, its fairly soft right now, Ron. Again, the challenge that we have on the company as we acquired it was the  frankly, they have too much inventory. And so the first step out of the gate here has been to put together these programs to help  put rebating together to help the dealers move it out. I think thats been very well received, and as I said, were already starting to see the impact of that. In terms of restocking, which is certainly very important to us, we have, obviously, the Stampede product line and we have some additional  new products that are coming out. And we have scheduled, frankly, the  basically just about the whole month of May are going through with that dealer channel and meeting with them and explaining the products that are in the pipeline and whats available to show them whats new that they want to put out on the floor. So the timing of the deal was probably not ideal just in terms of when it closed because youre kind of into that season. Obviously, we couldnt go out and be part of that process before the deal closed. But having the deal now closed, we do have meetings set up with all the dealers in kind of a region-by-region basis. Weve got all our sales folks now aligned post deal. So Id say were just now, frankly, as were going to the month May, able to have these conversations with that channel around what products are now being added, whats going on in terms of new products, both things within the Arctic Cat pipeline as well as what was in the Textron off-road pipeline and to really start that selling process.
Ron Epstein: Okay. And then maybe one last one. Kind of moving back to Scorpion again. In the past, there had been some discussion around international opportunities, right? Kind of everybody is focusing on this U.S. Air Force light attack. But in the Middle East, there were some opportunities and so on and so forth. Whats going on there? Can you give us some color on whats going on with Scorpion outside of the U.S.?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. So theyre still there. We continue those conversations with those customers. We are at the phase right now, frankly, with one of the more important ones whos already scheduling when theyre coming over to fly the aircraft. We have to do a certain number of hours and get certain tickets from the FAA to allow somebody thats not our experimental pilots to fly these things. But now that we have the aircraft flying and are working our way through that with the FAA, we can start to actually schedule demo flights. As you can imagine, the foreign customers are also very interested in this U.S. Air Force program because they like to see what the U.S. Air Force is doing. So I think that is a  I dont know if that helps or hurts, but certainly something that theyre watching as well. But anyway, I would say, the international conversations continue.
Ron Epstein: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Jason Gursky with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Gursky: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Scott Donnelly: Hey, Gursky.
Jason Gursky: Scott, I was wondering if you could spend a few minutes on Kautex. Talk a little bit about some of the competitive dynamics going on in that market, and describe to us, perhaps based on new wins that you had there in 2016, what we might expect the growth rate at Kautex to be relative to the overall market. Certainly, the market is flat. What would Kautex do in that environment, given what you know about the wins that you had in 2016 and the legacy things that might be rolling off?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Look, it usually takes a couple of years from the time between a new model win is announced and the time that, that manufacturer is going to roll that product down the line. So that translation from a selection to an SOP or start of production in the auto lingo is usually 2 to 2.5-year kind of window. So we have pretty good visibility into what they tell us, but do keep in mind that, thats based upon what their forecasts are and, in general, what the overall automotive industry forecast is for those units. Of course, thats true even for our current production rates. So there always a  as you compete for those deals, theres sort of a maximum number and then theres usually some percentage discounts applied in terms of how much capacity you want to allocate to it because theyre going to have an ability to flex in terms of their order rates based on what the end market is doing. So all that being said, I think that if you look at where we are with Kautex, where we have been over the last few years and, certainly, where we expect to be over the next few years, given some new technology, given some of the conversion and FCR and things of that nature, we have tended to outgrow what the end market is doing, and I expect that well continue on that trend. So we will  I feel very comfortable that we can outgrow the overall industry. What we always have to have in terms of how we forecast is what is the overall industry doing. And if the industry has, in general, been growing, we see some volatility between regions at times. So far this year, Id say its more or less operating the way we expected it, maybe a little bit of North American softness offset by a little higher growth in some other regions, but thats kind of normal for us. I mean when we look at our plan every year, theres usually a little bit of shifting back and forth between the regions, but its still been a net growth. And again, our growth has been in excess of that of the industry. And again, based on the win rates and based on our products, I think thats a trend that will continue.
Jason Gursky: Okay. Thats very helpful. I appreciate that. And then as a follow-up  I may have missed it, but you talked about pricing for new jets. I was wondering if you might make a comment, if you havent already, on the pricing environment in the used markets, what youre seeing from an inventory level, pricing of Citations out there in the markets. And if you can make some general comments about the pricing environment across the various segments of the business given the fact that your portfolio was expanding to cover some more segments here. Just kind of give us a flavor of what youre seeing in the used market, would be helpful, across the industry.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think  I mean, obviously, Ive spent more time looking at our particular numbers than some of the other classes. But our used available for sale has been a pretty flat, stable number now for a while. The pricing, for the most part, has been a pretty flat, stable number. If you look at sort of publications, youll usually see that the  we have one model in particular, the Citation X, that has seen pricing pressure in the used market. But thats  I mean thats been true with that aircraft now for as long as Ive been around. For some reason, the pricing in the aftermarket for that one has been tough. But if you look across the rest of the core of our businesses, from CJs up to XLS and Sovereigns, its been pretty stable, and certainly, thats generally what we see as were selling aircraft from our used inventory. So I guess I would say that its  I mean Id love to see prices going up in that segment. I dont think I could say theyre going up in that segment, but the used market has been fairly stable. And Im afraid I dont  I just dont track enough probably on the other classes of aircraft to give you much commentary on that.
Operator: And we can move to the next line. It would be George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: On aviation, Scott, you mentioned Scorpion was maybe 200 basis points and maybe about $19 million. Is the second quarter going to be relatively high and then will tail off so we get to the $50 million for the year?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. Thats what I would expect, George. Weve got the  as I said, weve got  2 of the aircraft are flying. We have the third one thats in its sort of final assembly. Theres a fair bit of work going on right now on the mission systems, which is very specific to what we know the Air Force is going to want to see demonstrated in their experimentation program. And obviously, all that culminated in having these aircraft ready to go do that program by the beginning of August, actually a little bit earlier than that because the program will require flight training for some of the Air Force pilots. So its certainly been very heavy here in the first quarter. I would expect it to be pretty heavy in the second quarter and then tail off through the balance of the year.
George Shapiro: And how about other R&D? I know, last year, you said R&D was abnormally high because of Longitude expenses. How was the rest of the R&D this quarter compared to, say, last years first quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. There was certainly a benefit if you look at  have you looked at the business without Scorpion in there, would have had a bit of a tailwind on the R&D front for exactly what you just said. We had a lot of spending. We had Longitude in a very similar situation last year at this time as we have with Scorpion right now. Obviously, that program was very heavy in the first half, got all the aircraft flying into the certification program. And we have three aircraft now on the Longitude program, but theyre all flying. And its kind of normal flight test type of expense that we certainly have gotten past the blows of R&D spending on that program.
George Shapiro: So would have been down $5 million, $10 million relative to last year, can you ballpark it for me?
Scott Donnelly: Somewhere in that range, George. But I mean, as you know, we dont break out business by business. But certainly, it would have been a slight tailwind to the business if we didnt have the Scorpion running.
George Shapiro: And then if I go to Industrial, where the margin was a little less than I was looking for. Can you break out how much of the impact was from Arctic Cat and how much was just from the restructuring to combine the couple of divisions that you talked about?
Scott Donnelly: Well, on the order, we probably had about  somewhere around half of it was really associated with the costs that were incurred on the Arctic Cat front, and it was a little bit lighter quarter on the NOP front in a couple of other businesses. But again, nothing that was beyond what we have expected or expect certainly for the full year.
George Shapiro: And then at systems, Scott, if I take out the $24 million charge you mentioned, you would have had a margin over 10%. I mean, is that kind of a run rate or it will be a little bit lower because you still have higher deliveries of the zero margin TAPV?
Scott Donnelly: Thats correct, George. Yes, we would have had, frankly, a great quarter in the systems business had it not been for the TAPV. I think the other businesses will continue to perform well through the balance of the year, but we are going to have a lot of revenue thats coming through with zero margin on TAPV for the balance of the year.
George Shapiro: Okay. Those are my questions. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question Justin Bergner with Gabelli & Company.
Justin Bergner: Hi, thank you for taking my questions Scott and Frank. Just on the last question, you mentioned in Industrial that it was a little bit lighter quarter on  and you were referring to part of the business. I think I missed that.
Scott Donnelly: Well, we had some issues around some deliveries in other parts of our vehicle business. Frankly, the good news is some new product came out that was very well received, and we just couldnt build it fast enough. So that will move some things into the second quarter, but theres nothing fundamental issue there. Its a little bit of timing on that front. The rest of the business of tools and test of  was performing as we would expect. Kautex was where we expected. And again, with the exception of being a little bit light on some vehicle deliveries just based on getting production units out, I think were fine.
Justin Bergner: Okay, great. And then, secondly, on your Textron Aviation revenue and margin guidance for the year that you gave at the start of the year, I mean, given that pricing is firming, are you expecting margins to potentially come in above the earlier range? Or is Textron Aviation not a source of sort of upside for your annual guidance at this point?
Scott Donnelly: I dont think its an upside source of guidance. I mean, obviously, we talked about in the latter part of last year what we had to do on the pricing front, and thats absolutely baked into our operating plan for the business.
Justin Bergner: Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning, thanks for taking the question. Theres just two that I had still left. One was on King Air. Scott, you mentioned, despite of slow start, you think you could still reach the original plan. Could you remind us what the original plan was for King Air is year-on-year 2017?
Scott Donnelly: No, we dont guide at that level. But its going to be roughly  I mean, our expectation is its roughly flat year-over-year, is, I think, what we originally talked about. And thats still our expectation in terms of units.
Myles Walton: In terms of units, yes. And so  but your sales force, they kind of see this 1Q as being anomalous, and you mentioned the dollar strengthening. Is it competitive? Is it market? Or is it  competitive in the sense of theyre finding competition at lower prices? Or is it that theyre deferring the purchase because 
Scott Donnelly: No. Its just generally deferring the purchase, which is  again, thats just kind of  thats part of the impact I think of how we saw some of the lower volumes as people say, well, geez, the dollar strengthened, so you need to lower the price. And  but we cant do that. So wed rather take the hit on some of the volume because these are deals thats  its a great aircraft. Its the right aircraft for the mission. And when people can afford the aircraft, even considering the strength of the dollar, I think theyll buy the aircraft. So I think its largely deferrals of purchase decisions.
Myles Walton: And then could you just give us the data points for aftermarket growth for the Bell and the Cessna on a year-on-year basis?
Scott Donnelly: Bell was probably up very slightly, and actually, aviation was probably down very slightly.
Myles Walton: Okay. Thank you so much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from Carter Copeland with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Carter Copeland: Hey, good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for fitting me in.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Carter.
Carter Copeland: Just a couple of quick kind of cleanups here. On TAPV and TMLS, usually, these sorts of realizations are accompanied by changes in process, review process, leadership. Have you had any of that at TMLS? And then you talked last quarter about the 412 outlook at Bell in 2018 and beyond looking a little bit more healthy. Wondered if you could give us some color on that?
Scott Donnelly: So I would say, in the case of TMLS, yes. I mean there have been a number of changes operationally to try to address some talent issues around there, and so thats been done. On the 412 yes, look, we still  our sales teams still feels pretty bullish on a number of important 412 opportunities that are out there. Several units did close in the quarter, and we have a number of deals which are sort of multi-aircraft orders that are progressing well. As you know, the 412 is virtually exclusively an international product. So these things, particularly the extent that some are government involved, usually take a little bit longer than any of us would like, but they continue on the path to closure, and we still feel good about it.
Carter Copeland: Okay, great. And with respect to the Latitude, one last one. The profit profile you saw there, essentially unchanged versus the end of last year?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. Look, the volume that goes into NetJet is the same on a year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter basis, and I expect it to stay there sequentially and year-over-year. Based on the actions that weve taken on Latitude pricing, weve seen improvements.
Carter Copeland: Okay. All right, thank you gentlemen.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Your next question will come from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Noah Poponak: Scott, do you think the Cessna book-to-bill will move above one as you move through 2017?
Scott Donnelly: I dont know that it will. I think that were really in a mode now where theres no reason for people to book aircraft very far in advance. So the  we usually, as were working with somebody, kind of know when their delivery  when they want their delivery to be. They may have aircraft thats coming off lease or we have guys that want to go do their trade obviously, go to look to remarket their existing aircraft. But theres no reason, given the sort of where the industry is, to be looking at deals that are a year out or even six months out. So I think thats just the nature of where we are in the market. And again, Noah, its different than the industry used to be, for sure, but weve been doing this for a lot of years now, so its just a bit of the nature of the beast.
Noah Poponak: Yes. I guess I was a little surprised that it was one in the quarter, given youre early  I guess, early in the process of trying to incrementally hold firmer on price. I would think that would sort of weaken the bookings. But was there firming of NetJets in the quarter that contributed to backlog?
Scott Donnelly: I think its just a subsequent quarter. So if you look at what we delivered in the quarter versus what got out of the backlog, theres not net change in terms of the NetJet deliveries. And look, I think on the dynamic of the sort of, lets call it, the retail booking of all of the aircraft, I think, as we went through the quarter, we certainly had some customers that said, look, as I  give me a little better price, Ill do it this quarter. Ill go ahead and book it now. And as I said, we cant do that. And so were working with them, and so then deals do start to book at that higher price, which is where we need to be.
Noah Poponak: Okay. So the amount of NetJets units that firmed and went into backlog was about the same as what was delivered?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. Were looking just to get and see if its the exact number or not. But  so I mean, there  it might have been up a couple of units. As you know, the way we treat the NetJet stuff is once weve identified the specific tail number, the specific delivery date, thats when we move them into the backlog. So again, these aircraft are coming into backlog and then delivering over a  its probably six to nine month or so period.
Noah Poponak: Okay. What are you seeing your competitors do as you incrementally hold the line on price? Are you seeing them do the same or not?
Scott Donnelly: I think its been largely the same. Look, I think we  collectively, the industry has been a little unhealthy. Thats certainly how weve seen it, and I suspect they see it the same way. But I dont know, theyre  obviously, they have to make their own calls in terms of the pricing environment. But I certainly would say that, as we work for the customers and explain what were doing and then why we have to do it, its  I mean, theyre unhappy, but they do realize these are  these aircraft are still a heck of a price compared to historicals and its a good deal. And thats why we still see deals closing.
Noah Poponak: Yes, okay. And then just to make sure Im clear on the systems margin. Is it the correct interpretation that I should be thinking about that $24 million contract reset as going to zero in the second quarter and rest of the year and, therefore, the margin should be pretty even in the kind of 9% to 10% range each of the next three quarters to get you in the vicinity of your original 8.5% guidance.
Scott Donnelly: No. So I think you need to take that $24 million largely out of our guide number. And I mean  I would guess we can probably relook at that. We tend not to get into the revisions of segment-level guidance. But the color on it, Noah, is that we will certainly miss that segment-level guidance given that $24 million charge. I think well make up some of that $24 million within the other systems businesses, but some of it will be made up across the rest of the company.
Noah Poponak: Okay. So as you look out of the original systems guidance, assuming youre outperforming a little bit in the rest of systems, outperforming a little bit in Bell and then getting a little tax rate.
Scott Donnelly: Yes. Thats correct.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Drew Lipke with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Drew Lipke: Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in here. Im curious in aviation. Do you have a sense if just the prospect for tax reform has caused customers to maybe take more of a wait-and-see approach on placing orders? Are you hearing any commentary on that through the sales channel?
Scott Donnelly: A little bit. But I think the tax  the specific tax impact of acquisition on aircraft, while  if you take view that says, hey youre going to get 100% deductibility on a capital acquisition like that, that certainly gives some incremental benefit in terms of the math behind that transaction, and so I think that would be beneficial. But I have to say the bigger issue here is not just the particular tax rate. Because, remember, under bonus depreciation, youre really talking about a two year window here anyway. So it is an improvement, but its not a huge improvement. The issue for most of our customers is  the bigger issue is what kind of economic growth are we going to see in the country and, therefore, whats the outlook for the performance of their businesses. And so an overhaul of the tax system, a reduction of rates, the stimulus that, that would generate in terms of economic growth is the bigger factor for them, I think, than the particulars associated with the tax treatment of this particular transaction.
Drew Lipke: Okay.
Scott Donnelly: And thats why theyre kind of waiting whats really going to happen here in terms of tax reform and how does it play out from a legislative standpoint.
Drew Lipke: Okay. So youre seeing it in the sentiment and the confidence but not follow through yet in orders?
Scott Donnelly: Correct.
Drew Lipke: Okay. And then weve seen some slowing trends pretty consistent in terms of utilization rates for Citation and for Beechcraft. How should we think about aftermarket trends in aviation over the next 12 to 18 months?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we seem to be pretty flat in terms of utilization. Particularly as it  if you look at the average utilization rate, I would expect, as we go forward, given that were starting to put  obviously, Latitudes now have been going into the NetJet fleet for coming up on a year. As we get into the latter part of the second quarter and to the third quarter, well start to see some growth in services associated with those, but obviously we also see some decrement associated with  from the other NetJet fleet. So its  I dont think we see a reason for a whole lot of change here on the total year service side.
Drew Lipke: Okay. Thats helpful. Thanks a lot. Thanks guys.
Eric Salander: Okay, Brad. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our call for today. Thank you for joining us, and well talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:00 this morning and running through July 18 at midnight. You can access AT&T Executive playback service by 1800-475-6701 and entering the access code 408726. International parties may dial 1-320-365-3844. Those numbers again, 1-800-475-6701, or 1-320-365-3844, with the access code 408726. That does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Salander - VP of IR Scott Donnelly - Chairman and CEO Frank Connor - CFO
Analysts: Peter Arment - Robert W. Baird George Shapiro - Shapiro Research Jason Gursky - Citigroup Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank Robert Stallard - Vertical Recearch Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies
Operator: Welcome to the Textron Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. At this point, I'd like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Eric Salander. Please go ahead, sir.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Brad, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the investor relations section of our website. Textron's revenues in the quarter were $3.8 billion, down $98 million from last year's fourth quarter. During this year's fourth quarter, we recorded an $8 million pre-tax charge, or $0.02 per share after tax, related to the restructuring plan we announced this past summer. Excluding these items, adjusted income from continuing operations was $0.80 per share, down $0.01 from last year's fourth quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $727 million, compared to $534 million in last year's fourth quarter. For the full year, revenues were $13.8 billion, up 2.7% from a year ago. Adjusted income from continuing operations was $2.62 per share, up 4.8% from $2.50 last year. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $573 million. With that, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thank, Eric, and good morning, everybody. Revenues were up at Systems and Industrial, but down at Bell and Aviation, which led to an overall decrease in revenues in the quarter. Despite the decline in revenues, we're encouraged by increasing demand in Industrial, the ramp on TAPV deliveries, and strong operating performance at Bell. Bell revenues were down on lower commercial military volumes for the quarter. Despite the lower volumes in the quarter, we continued to execute, which led to a strong 14% margin. We delivered 35 commercial helicopters, down from 56 in last year's fourth quarter; 4 B-22s, down from 8 units last year; and 8 H-1s, down from 9 last year. On the new product front, our V-280 Valor program continues to progress and is on track for first flight this year. On the commercial side, we're continuing to see signs of stabilization of the market through improved order flow. Our new 505 Jet Ranger X achieved type certification from Transport Canada Civil Aviation at the end of 2016, with follow-on FAA certification anticipated in the first quarter of 2017. We've seen strong conversion of LOIs to orders on the 505 and expect solid deliveries beginning in the first quarter. On the service side, we're experiencing a positive reception to our Customer Advantage Plans, including the signing of Heliservicio's fleet of 20 Bell 412s. Moving to Systems, revenues were up on higher volumes, primarily at Marine and Land Systems. The higher volumes were driven by the ongoing ramp of TAPV deliveries to our Canadian customer in the quarter. At our Unmanned Systems business, we recently were awarded two significant contracts that display our customers' confidence in our products and support network. The first award was a $206 million contract for ongoing logistics support and sustainment on our Shadow Tactical Unmanned Aircraft System. Second, to be the sole provider of services with our Aerosonde mid-endurance unmanned aircraft for an amount of $475 million over the next several years in support of US special operations. At our TRU Simulation training business, we delivered our first 737 Max full-flight sim to Boeing's pilot training camps in Miami as part of our 10-year exclusive agreement. We continue to look for ways to leverage our platforms across our businesses, and we recently opened our Bell Helicopter Training Academy in Valencia, Spain with EASA certification of our 429 sim. Our Citation M2 and CJ4 simulators received FAA qualification in the quarter, joining the Latitude and CJ3+ at our TRU US-based training centers. Moving to Industrial, we saw a 3.8% increase in revenue, reflecting the impact of higher volumes at Kautex and specialized vehicles. As we look to continue our expansion in the powersports market and build on our recent product introductions, today we announced an agreement to acquire Arctic Cat, one of the industry's most recognized brands. This acquisition will immediately broaden our product portfolio as we add a variety of outdoor recreational and utility vehicles to our lineup, as well as an established dealer network. Also during the quarter, we released our new four-seat 80 horsepower Textron off-road Stampede XTR, maintaining our new product momentum in the sports utility market. The integration of Jacobsen into our specialized vehicle business is underway and on track to be completed this year. Moving to Textron Aviation, revenues were down $52 million. In the quarter, we delivered 58 jets compared to 60 last year and 28 King Airs, down from 33 in last year's fourth quarter. For the full year, we delivered 178 jets, up from last year's 166, including 42 Latitude deliveries. The increased Latitude deliveries include both retail customers as well as deliveries to NetJets, and we expect that trend to continue in 2017. Offsetting this growth in Latitude volume were lower deliveries on other Citation models and turboprops, for which we are lowering production in 2017. On the new product front, the second aircraft in the Longitude flight test program successfully completed its first flight just over one month after the prototype aircraft. The Longitude has performed very well, and at this year's NBAA, we announced an improved range of 3,500 nautical miles and an improved full fuel payload of 1,600 pounds. We also had a full cabin mock-up of the Citation Hemisphere on display at the show, and continue to believe this aircraft will be a game-changing platform in its segment. Moving to the Scorpion program, the first production aircraft had a successful first flight in the quarter and is performing well. Along with its first flight, we achieved a number of significant milestones in the program in 2016. We entered a US Air Force Airworthiness Assessment program, we validated production manufacturing processes, and successfully demonstrated weapons and mission Systems capabilities. With these achievements, interest in the Scorpion program is growing both domestically and in international markets. Given the status of the program at the end of 2016, we will transition financial reporting for the Scorpion to the Textron Aviation segment beginning in 2017. To summarize, we experienced a challenging year with weaker-than-expected business jet and commercial helicopter markets, but we continue to invest in our businesses through ongoing development of new products and strategic acquisitions to support growth and create long-term value. We were able to achieve significant increases in top-line growth at Industrial and Systems, with margin expansion and Systems, Bell, and Industrial. At Industrial, our growth for the year reflected our investment in new products, such as our selective catalytic reduction Systems at Kautex and our Stampede side-by-side sport utility vehicle. We also acquired Premier and SAFEAERO, two manufacturers of aircraft de-icing equipment, that allow us to expand our ground support business portfolio. At Textron Systems, we began initial deliveries of our TAPV systems and anticipate delivery of our first ship to shore connector this year. At TRU Simulation and Training, we achieved a number of milestones with initial deliveries of full flight simulators for several models into the commercial, general aviation, and helicopter training markets. At Bell, we made substantial progress on the V-280 and announced our latest innovation, the V-247 Vigilant unmanned tiltrotor, further displaying our leadership in tiltrotor technology and our commitment to meeting customer needs. On the H-1 front, we received additional orders from the DOD for 61 units, including 9 FMS units for Pakistan, taking production through the first quarter of 2019. Looking forward, foreign initiatives remain strong and we expect to secure additional contracts in 2017. On the commercial side, after a difficult period in the market with several quarters of very low order flow, we saw a significant increase in order activity in the back half of 2016 and we are looking to carry that momentum into 2017 with higher 412 and strong 505 deliveries. Textron Aviation, we saw higher Latitude volumes in 2016 and expect this trend to continue in 2017, with higher deliveries to NetJets and retail customers. On Longitude, we entered two aircraft in the flight test program and expect certification at the end of 2017, with deliveries ramping in 2018. We updated design details and performance capabilities for the Cessna Denali and Citation Hemisphere, two platforms that will make incremental revenue as we enter new markets in the coming years. To finish with Textron's 2017 financial guidance, we are projecting revenues of about $14.3 billion, as we expect growth in Industrial and Systems, with approximately flat revenue at Bell and Aviation. We expect adjusted EPS from continuing operations will be in the range of $2.50 to $2.70, and manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions in a range of $650 million to $750 million. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $391 million, up $13 million from the fourth quarter of 2015 on a $98-million decrease in revenues. Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. At Textron Aviation, revenues were down $52 million from this period last year, primarily due to lower commercial and defense-related turboprop volumes, partially offset by higher pre-owned volume. Segment profit was $135 million, down from $138 million a year ago. Backlog in this segment ended the quarter at $1 billion, down $73 million from the end of the third quarter. Moving to Bell, revenues were down $148 million, primarily due to lower military and commercial volumes. Segment profit increased $2 million from the fourth quarter in 2015 despite the lower volumes, reflecting favorable performance. Backlog in this segment was $5.4 billion at the end of the quarter, up $416 million from the end of the third quarter. At Textron Systems, revenues were up $69 million, primarily due to higher Marine and Land Systems volumes. Segment profit was up $12 million, reflecting improved performance. Backlog in the segment was $1.8 billion, down $367 million from the end of the third quarter. Industrial revenues increased $35 million due to higher volumes at Kautex and specialized vehicles. Segment profit was flat with the fourth quarter of last year. Finance segment revenues decreased $2 million and profit increased $2 million. Moving below the segment profit, corporate expenses were $56 million compared to $52 million last year. This reflected the impact of a higher stock price on stock-based compensation. Interest expense was $33 million, essentially flat to last year. With respect to our restructuring plan in the quarter, we recorded pretax charges of $8 million on the special charges line. We ended the year with gross manufacturing debt of $2.8 billion. For the full year, we repurchased approximately 6.9 million shares at an overall cost of about $241 million. Our Board of Directors also approved a new authorization for the repurchase of up to 25 million shares. Let's turn now to our 2017 guidance beginning with our segments on slide 9. At Textron Aviation, we are expecting flattish revenues of about $5 billion, reflecting an increase in pre-owned aircraft volumes and Latitude deliveries, offset by lower defense-related turboprop volumes. Segment margin is expected to be approximately 8%, excluding the impact of the Scorpion transition, reflecting the change in mix. We expect the Scorpion program expense to be about $50 million for the year. Looking to Bell, we expect overall revenues will be essentially flat at about $3.3 billion, reflecting higher H-1 deliveries, offset by lower V-22 revenues and spares on the military side, and flattish revenues on the commercial side. We are forecasting a margin of approximately 11%. At Systems, we're estimating 2017 revenues of about $1.9 billion, up 8% from last year, reflecting a full year of TAPV deliveries and growth at TRU, partially offset by lower volumes at unmanned systems and weapons and sensors, as we exit the SFW product line. Segment margin is expected to be approximately 8.5%. The lower margin in 2017 reflects the impact of lower SFW activities and higher TAPV volumes. At Industrial, we're expecting growth in each of our businesses, resulting in projected segment revenue growth of 5% to about $4 billion, with an estimated margin of approximately 9%. As Scott discussed earlier, we've entered into an agreement to acquire Arctic Cat, and we will update our 2017 outlook to include this transaction following its close. At Finance, we are forecasting segment profit of about $20 million. Turning to slide 10, based on US pension discount rate of 4.25%, we're estimating 2017 pension costs to be flat with last year at about $81 million. Turning to slide 11, R&D is expected to be about $495 million, down from $582 million in 2016. We are expecting CapEx will be about $440 million, approximately flat with last year. Moving below the segment line and looking at slide 12, we're projecting about $115 million for corporate expense. Next year's interest expense is estimated at $140 million. We are assuming a tax rate of about 30%, and our guidance assumes a share count of about 270 million shares. So that concludes our prepared remarks. Brad, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will go to George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Scott, I wanted to pursue Aviation to some extent. First, I mean on the third quarter you commented you expected fourth quarter deliveries to be above last year's fourth quarter. Were any of those delayed into early this year as people may have hopes that we get better tax depreciation? And two, if you can just go through what you are seeing in the market now. Are you seeing an improvement in GDP growth, business confidence is up - are well behaved at this point, pricing seems like it's getting better so I would've thought that we would start to see some more improvement then evidently you are forecasting in 2017 guidance.
Scott Donnelly: Sure George, let me start with the fourth-quarter and I think what we saw in the fourth quarter was obviously continued strength on the Latitude side. Aircraft is doing very well and demand has been strong both on the fractional side through NetJet as well as retail. I would say on the rest of the Citation family, as we went through the fourth quarter we saw a lot of price pressure and folks wanting to see lower pricing in the aircraft and what you see is that we didn't hit the volume because frankly we are not willing to go to the price levels where some people wanted to go in order to get deals done. I think the pricing on these right now remains very attractive. It remains depressed even going back into 2008 days and to levels we are just not willing to go so what happened is that we traded out of some volume because it was priced at a level we are not willing to accept. In fact in addition to that it's part of the reason - forecast this year. While we will still have continued growth on the Latitude side based on its demand, we are pulling back on the production volumes and unit volumes for 2017 for a lot of these other aircraft because again we are not willing to go to the price levels where people seem to want to go. Now in terms of Outlook in terms of the economy I don't think there's any question that if we see things happen with respect to corporate tax rates and regulation and all these things which I think frankly we all feel pretty good about, that that can make a material impact on GDP, that will help to create more confidence and more demand and if that demand comes back and it's willing to pay, you know, a fair price on the aircraft that we will address that at the time but we haven't seen that yet and so we walked from pursuing lower prices to get deals done in the fourth quarter and we will reflect that in lower pricing volumes going into 2017.
George Shapiro: The book to bill looked like it was around.95. Was that - did that improve after the election or was there any color you can give us?
George Shapiro: The book to bill looked like it was around 0.95. Was that - did that improve after the election or any color through the quarter you can give us?
Scott Donnelly: No, I am not disappointed with the book to bill, George. It's always tough to get the book to bill in the fourth quarter to be - predict it strong, and usually it's weaker, frankly, I think, right? Because you see a lot of sales that's in Q4 and order activity doesn't usually pick up until after the first of the year. In other words, if people are going to do something, they tend to want to do it within the quarter for the fourth quarter. So I'm comfortable with our book to bill in terms of where we're going in the year. But again, we just - from a volume market perspective, it's a little bit of a wait and see, and we're going to adjust accordingly in the meantime.
George Shapiro: And one quick one for Frank. How much of aftermarket up in the Aviation area?
Frank Connor: Aftermarket was up, in part due to the reflection of the Able transaction. When you take that out, it was flattish.
Operator: We will go to the line of Jason Gursky with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Gursky: Scott, Frank, I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit more about the acquisition and the potential accretion and synergies and the longer-term strategic view of this particular market segment.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. I think that this is a great opportunity for us. We have been investing organically here over the last couple of years to move more into the consumer side of the vehicle business. Our vehicle business, obviously, has been performing really well in the golf side, the Industrial side, and our own consumer piece of the business. But the consumer business, in general is a very large market. We have been fairly under-represented in that area. We have a great product line up with our personal transport vehicles under the E-Z-GO brand that does very well; it's a very nice business for us. We wanted to get into the higher performance more off-road side of the business. We invested in the Stampede; it's a fantastic vehicle. We're really pleased with that vehicle, but we've been trying to build out the dealer side, the distribution side, which is a different distribution channel than that which we have in the rest of our vehicle business. So opportunistically, look this is a business that's been challenged in the last couple of years. The industry frankly, after a lot of years of growth that was - had some issues this year just in terms of the economy and lack of net growth. The snow side of the business, obviously, had a couple of bad winters. On the dirt side they had just, again, as an industry, not unique to Arctic Cat, a lot of stuff built up in the channel. And I think it's a business that has tremendous opportunities going forward, but it's been in a bit of a tough time unwinding and managing their way through a lot of the inventory issues, and frankly, positioning themselves for future growth. So when we looked at the company - if you look at the products that we have today and the products that we've had in development, and you look at the products they have today and the products, frankly, which they have in the development pipeline, it's just a beautiful fit. I think that dealers and customers are going to be really impressed over the next couple of years about what that product line looks like. I think it will be a very attractive line for dealers. I think a lot of progress has been made with respect to the channel. That work will have to continue after we acquire it, I think, through the first year to really get that repositioned and ready to go. So I think long term, we see this as a mid-single-digit growth business. I think we get a lot of synergies and a lot of leverage in terms of the operations, as well as, again, just fortuitously where we were really investing and where they were investing are very, very highly complementary. So I think the combined entity will have a great product lineup, a great dealer network, and I think it's really poised to deliver some nice growth going forward.
Jason Gursky: Okay. As far as near-term accretion, dilution, when do you expect to turn on that? And then, Frank, can just talk a little bit about the cash flow conversion for the year and the puts and takes that are going on there for 2017? Thanks, guys.
Scott Donnelly: Sure, so look, on the dilution front, again, we don't have a hard number yet because we don't know when the deal closes. But if you assume it's going to close sometime toward the end of the quarter, which I don't think is unreasonable, we need to go through our regulatory issues, but I am not expecting any issues there. The issue right now is, and what's really been driving their performance as well as a lot of their competitor's performance, has been this issue of this clearing out a lot of the older product in the channel through rebating, and that's put a lot of pressure on their margins. So I expect to see that continue through the balance of this year once we pick up the company. So I'm guessing we're probably going to see somewhere around $0.10 dilution in 2017, with clear accretion in 2018 and beyond. Frank, you can talk to the cash conversion.
Frank Connor: Yes. In terms of overall cash conversion for both 2016 and then going into 2017, in 2016, obviously, we ended strong after a weaker start to the year. We're looking for an increase, as we indicated, in cash and cash flow conversion going into 2017. Obviously some of that has to do with the continuing ramp-up of the TAPV deliveries, as we talked about. It also has to do with the production modification that Scott mentioned at Aviation on the legacy lines and some better performance on the inventory front there. And so, we're looking for an improvement there. As it relates to Arctic Cat, it will have some impact on that cash flow number, but not all that material of an impact in terms of the cash flow impact of the acquisition.
Scott Donnelly: Year one, as you guys could expect, normal purchase accounting and inventory values and all that stuff will create some dilution, some of which will still be a cash impact, but a great deal of it won't be.
Operator: We will go to the line of Rajeev Lalwani with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Rajeev Lalwani: Scott, just a question for you on the Scorpion. It seems like you're making some good progress there. Can you talk about whether or not this is the make-or-break year for the product, and then just any opportunities around the change in administration?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Look, I think the team made huge progress last year on some really, really important milestones. Obviously, we always knew we could make a good aircraft. One of the biggest risks was always around how you get a certification. Clearly, last year with the Air Force putting a program office together and getting under contract with them to perform the airworthiness work was a gigantic milestone. Having the conforming aircraft now flying and really working our way through our production processes so it's not just a prototype, but something that's ready to turn the button and move into production was a big milestone. And look, a lot of what we were working on was trying to position ourselves for opportunities, both internationally and domestically. As we've made those milestones, we have a lot of conversation going internationally. And I think you've all seen probably from a US standpoint, Senator McCain and his wish list of future budgets, and the Chief of the Air Force have also articulated this high-low strategy. Their expectation to run an experimentation program here in the spring, and have articulated a requirement for about 300 aircraft. Again, as we've been articulating for some time, we believe internationally as well as even domestically, there is a market for an aircraft that is much more affordable, a lot fewer dollars per hour to operate. The 10, in fact, execute a lot of missions where we don't need to have the cost, and frankly, burn hours on the airframes of very highly utilized, very expensive aircraft. So again, this is an experiment program; it's certainly not a contract. Senator McCain's desire for a program like this and the budget line item that he's put in has to work its way into an actual budget. And these are numbers they're talking about for FY18 through FY22, but we knew this opportunity was coming. We expected that there was an opportunity here and we wanted to position ourselves to be able to be in a good place for that. So we spent a fair bit of money last year to make sure we're ready for that. We feel like we are ready for that, and we'll see how that program progresses.
Rajeev Lalwani: Thanks, and then a quick one for you on the biz jet side. Scott, you made a comment earlier about how customers looking for low prices and you just don't want to go there. What's behind that desire or the low prices? Is it competition, or is it just core demand not being there, or maybe too much supply?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think it's a bit of both. I think if you looked in the Latitude space, clearly, the pricing in there has been very difficult. It has been improving, which we talked about in the past and it in continued to improve in the fourth quarter. And it's continued to improve in terms of orders that we've taken for deliveries into 2017, and we clearly expect that will continue to improve. But that's a price level that we're clearly not happy with from a profitability standpoint, so we'll keep working that. I think on the rest of the aircraft, it's - there's just not sufficient demand there yet. So I think in a lot of cases, we have people that are going to buy new aircraft. And they're looking for further incentive to do it now rather than do it sometime in the future. And it's just reached a price point where it doesn't make sense for us to build the aircraft, so that's the reason that we pulled back in the fourth quarter and anticipate pulling back through 2017. If the market changes and we see demand coming back, then obviously, we can react to that. And we're certainly hopeful that will be the case, but it needs to be at a price level that makes sense for us to sell the aircraft.
Operator: We will go to the line of Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: I just wanted to start with the margin guidance in Aviation. It was flattish or slightly down progression in 2017, excluding Scorpion costs. Maybe if you could parse out which is the biggest anchor on the margins, if we think about pricing, which you've talked about, also then Longitude ramp-up costs. And also then, the lower production on the turboprop side. Which of those three, if you had to rank in order of import for the margins?
Scott Donnelly: Well, that's a tough choice, Julian. The answer to the question is yes, right? And so, we're going to see Latitude volumes increase probably on the order of about 30%. That's good in terms of volume and it's good in terms of getting aircraft out there and operating, demand environment is good. It's a great aircraft, but it is dilutive to our margins, it's not priced where we want it to be. And as I said, we are making progress on trying to move that price up and we're going to continue to work hard on doing that as we go through 2017. So from a mix standpoint, that's a significant volume increase of something that is dilutive to our margin rate, and trying to overcome that is a bit of a headwind. On the other hand, a lot of these historical products on both the jet side, as well as the turboprop, including the defense side of the business, which were better margin, are either down in volume, AT6, for instance, is down significantly in volume. As we've finished the JPATS program, clearly, we have some international deliveries this year, but it's going to stabilize at a lower level. And then, when you look at the rest of our historical Citation products and King Air products and Caravans, these are at better margins and those volumes are going to be down. So, and again, I am not willing to take the prices down further to try to drive that demand and end up in a situation where we have today with the Latitude, where you have a great aircraft that delivers very, very well for customers but is priced at a point that doesn't make sense for us. So it really, Julian, it's a very simple mix change, right? We're seeing about a 30% increase so that Latitude becomes a significant portion of our sales at a diluted margin. And it's the so-called legacy aircraft that are going to be down in volume and they do have better margins.
Julian Mitchell: And then my second question is, maybe a little bit for Frank as well, but on the share buyback authorization announcement, should we read anything into that in terms of a change in approach by the Board and the management team regarding the appeal of buybacks in general? Some view on the stock's valuation? Or does it reflect maybe something about the scope for large M&A or the lack of opportunities for large M&A?
Scott Donnelly: Julian, we, as you know, over the last few years have been executing a buyback strategy that, again, remains committed to the offset of dilution. But also, we'll do things opportunistically when we think it makes sense. And as a result, we've retired a number of shares through that and we've been working our way through the previous authorization. I think the Board is fully on board with that capital allocation strategy, and the renewal and putting 25 million share authorization is so we can continue that strategy. So we'll continue to offset dilution, and as we see appropriate opportunities that makes sense from an overall value perspective to retire shares, we'll continue to do that. And this authorization just gives us the authority and place to continue on that strategy.
Julian Mitchell: And then just following up on that, so has there been any change in view on your part or the Board's part about the right level of financial leverage for Textron? Or that view is unchanged from one or two years ago?
Scott Donnelly: No, I think it's pretty consistent. We're pretty happy where the balance sheet is, and I think the leverage numbers we've talked about before continue to be our target.
Operator: We will go to the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr: So your R&D looks like it's some $40 million to $50 million in 2016 lighter than - or something like that, lighter than you've projected going into the year. And you've projected another $87 million decline in 2017. Give us some color in terms of where was it down in 2016, and where do you expect it down in 2017?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. So if you looked at 2015 to 2016, Cai, the principal reduction was at Bell. And unfortunately, a lot of that was associated in one way or the other with the 525 program. Obviously, as a result of the accident, we curtailed the flight test part of the program. The good news is, I think we're getting close. We have a team working very hard to try to get that aircraft back into the flight test program here in the early part of this year. But we, obviously, through suspension of that program, our costs, our funding was lighter than we would've originally expected in 2016. If you look at the walk from 2016 to 2017, the reduction is principally in the Aviation space. And when I say Aviation, I'm including a significant reduction in spending on Longitude. We spent a lot of money last year getting those first couple aircraft into the flight test program, and that was a big milestone to get that done. But there was a lot of money spent to do that. And parallel with that, obviously we were doing a lot of work on the Scorpion program to get into the certification program. And again, getting the first production aircraft flying into that flight test program. So there was a lot of - there's always a lot of money involved in getting an aircraft into the flight test program as you complete the engineering and all the preparation for flight tests and building out the aircraft. And so with both Longitude and the production version of Scorpion flying, we'll see reduced spending on both of those programs in 2017. It's somewhat offset by some increased spending on the Hemisphere program and the Denali program, but net, that's where the reduction is. So that's - you'll see that all - it's really all in the Aviation side in 2017.
Cai von Rumohr: And then speaking of the Longitude, you talked of deliveries ramping in 2018. I think at one point, you were indicating expected deliveries in the fourth quarter of 2017. When do you expect to make first deliveries?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, I'm sorry, Cai, I didn't mean to change that. The wording's probably a little unclear. We're still expecting the first couple of deliveries of Longitude in the fourth quarter of 2018 - I'm sorry, 2017, but it's only a couple of aircraft. But that's been our plan all along. So it is still our plan that we would get FAA certification and make the first couple of deliveries late this year, and then you'd see a significant production ramp-up as we go into 2018.
Operator: We will go to the line of Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Sam Pearlstein: Can I just, to just tie things up, the $57 million decline in corporate expense, is that all Scorpion moving into Aviation or is there anything else going on there?
Frank Connor: Yes, no, the bulk of that is the Scorpion program moving over to Aviation.
Sam Pearlstein: Okay. And then you talked, Scott, about the commercial helicopter business showing signs of bottoming in the third quarter and sounds like it's continued. Is there any way we can look at the aftermarket in this fourth quarter? Did you see any improvement there, since I would expect to see that turn first?
Scott Donnelly: Not really. It was a little bit better, Sam, but not appreciably.
Sam Pearlstein: Okay. And, what are you expecting in terms of commercial for 2017, and in some of the products like 412s and others on the commercial side?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we'll certainly see an increase in 412s. We've been pretty happy, as we talked about last quarter, and that continues in terms of some of the 412 orders closing, so our production looks pretty good right now. And then there's a couple more opportunities out there that I think will close here in the near future that will not only help us feel good about where we are in 2017, but also 2018 and beyond. So that's, I think, the 412 situation is significantly improved from where it was coming into 2016. 505 obviously is incremental; we're basically, probably selling just about as many as we can make, so we feel pretty good about where that is. The 429s are doing well. 407s are still a little soft, but again, hopefully with a little bit of the economic growth, that will shore up as well. So clearly, our expectation is that we'll have a better year on the commercial side in 2017 than we had in 2016.
Operator: We will go to the line of Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton. Please go ahead.
Pete Skibitski: I had a couple questions on Bell. The first on this framework agreement with China for the 100 407s. First, when do you expect that to finalize? And in terms of financials, is it going to be like a royalty type of arrangement like with the 412s in Japan?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, no, I think there's been a fair bit of confusion over that agreement or some misreporting by some media things. So, just to be clear, this is a customer. So we are still in the process of negotiating with them, but this would be the acquisition of 100 aircraft. In essence, what they would do is take deliveries of these aircraft and then do local completion and finishing, depending on what application they're going to go into. So, for us this is - it's a-- we're obviously, were working with them to help them to have the capability to do what they need to do to finish and customize the aircraft in the Chinese market. But it's very much a customer relationship in terms of selling the aircraft.
Pete Skibitski: And then the other one, I think I heard you say, Scott, that you finalized the Pakistan contract for nine AH-1s. I'm just wondering when do you expect the next international sales to come on. The AH1, it seems like there's a decent amount of opportunities, see in Poland, Romania, and I think there's others out there. Just curious as to the timing.
Scott Donnelly: It is, it's just timing and, frankly, a couple of these customers were waiting for the administration change. And obviously, everybody is just getting into place and starting the process. So it's - I expect these to be normal FMS cases, so there's a little challenge around predicting when these things will go through. But there are, I'd say, a robust number of customers and volumes that are in discussion that are working LOAs, and it's going to happen. It's just everything was sitting on the side waiting for the administration to change, and these things now are going to move forward.
Operator: We will go to the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Scott, in the business jet market, given what you're describing with the price you're experiencing on your new product, and then also saying that you need to reduce production on the legacy product, I'm wondering if that has you concerned at all that the industry attempted to solve an oversupply problem with new versions of supply. Like, clearly, there was too much used inventory in the market and it, every player in the industry brought new product to stimulate demand rather than just reducing existing production to clear all that inventory. Is that a fair assessment? And if so, even if the post-election better economy hope actually happens, is there still a decent amount of inventory to clear before new sales are better?
Scott Donnelly: Noah, that's a good question. The dynamic has been complicated, obviously, and the role that used aircraft play has been significant. But I think if you look at the used aircraft market, for the most part, it has been moving nicely. We've been disappointed in some of the price levels in the used market, but I do think it had its own little supply/demand problem going on. And we're sitting here today and now into 2017, and that large number of aircraft that constituted that large number of used available for sale that were built largely between 2004 and 2008 are now getting to be older aircraft, right? So I think that the attractiveness or the alternative of some of those versus the new aircraft buy is going down and just as a function of time. Again, the used aircraft market is fairly vibrant. I think it's moving, and we hear brokers starting to actually be bullish about some of these going on. We certainly feel good about where it is, with the exception of old, very high time aircraft, and we've been hit by some of that with some of the, for instance, older 10s are challenged, But for the most part, the used market is in pretty good shape right now and things are moving. So again, I think a part of the dynamic of this is obviously economic growth would matter a lot, right? We've been sitting here for a whole bunch of years with almost no economic growth. We're all pretty optimistic about what could happen in a 3% to 4% GDP place. I think that will help our industry, as it will help everybody in the economy. And the other part of it, which is we are going to see a lot of these used aircraft. They are getting older; every year they get older, which is the good news. So look, I think on - in terms of the new model side, an awful lot of the investment that we've made, as have others, is the demand for larger cabins. So when you look at the market and you talk to our customers, their expectation has moved to these bigger cabins. So when you think about the investments that we've made in Latitude, what we're doing in Longitude, ultimately into Hemisphere, people want bigger cabins. So I don't think the right answer would have been to not invest in these new spaces and expect that the older aircraft with the smaller cabins would have held in there, particularly with competition moving to bigger cabins.
Noah Poponak: Did I hear you say Latitude up about 30% in units in 2017?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, that's right. It will be up probably about 30%, and then evenly split between incremental sales to NetJets and retail customers.
Noah Poponak: And could you quantify, even if not as precisely, the order of magnitude of the decline on the rest of the portfolio? In terms of Cessna.
Scott Donnelly: No, I don't think we want to get into unit by unit, but it's pretty well across all of the historical--
Noah Poponak: I don't mean unit by unit. I just mean like total not Latitude.
Scott Donnelly: In terms of unit volumes?
Noah Poponak: It sounds like you're saying you are cutting production in Cessna jets that are not Latitude. Is that correct?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, exactly. Look, it ends up being about the same number of units.
Noah Poponak: Okay.
Scott Donnelly: I think if you looked at jet units on a year-over-year basis, it's going to be about flat. Over every incremental Latitude, you're taking out an aircraft that was either Sovereign or XLS or CJ4, CF3+ or M2, roughly.
Noah Poponak: Got it. And then just last one on the market, would full CapEx expensing in year one materially help your end market there? Or, does existing pretty substantial accelerated depreciation, is that already a pretty large input into demand in the business jet market?
Scott Donnelly: You already have bonus depreciations doing a 50-50, Noah, so I'm not sure it would make a huge difference. I think that, from my perspective anyway, I think what would provide a lot more stimulation to our customer base would be overall reductions in taxes, and a lot of reduced regulation and just creating a higher growth environment. I think that's a lot more impactful than the depreciation curve.
Operator: We will go to the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Myles Walton: Just a couple quick ones. One is on the Scorpion expense of $50 million in 2017 and the decision to put it into one of the operating segments. So it is a twofold question. One is what's the trend line of program expenditures after 2017? And Scott, to put it into a business where the business is probably, obviously, got a lot of other priorities and is trying to get to the bottom line, is this the sink or swim decision for the Scorpion? So is it now on a clock, and also, what's your expectation for expenses beyond 2017? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: I think it is on a bit of a clock and not for any negative reasons. It's just when you get to a point where the things that you needed to be able to check off when customers talk to you about, hey we're interested but here's what we have to see, A, you've got to be able to tell us how you're going to get to certification. So we're now on that path. You need to show us that you could actually build these on a - what's the production conforming version of the aircraft? We now have that flying. And we had customers, including our US customers, saying, look, this is a weapons system; we want to see that it's capable of delivering munitions. And so we did that; we went to White Sands and we fired several different precision and non-precision weapons and had raving success in a pretty short period of time. So I think when you have conversations with customers, be it international or domestic, they said, here's the things we need to see to be able to really consider this platform. So we've done that now, so we don't have those impediments. So I think we are now on a reasonable time that says, guys, we either need to see these discussions move to some form of an order, something more concrete, or we need to spend more money on it. So I think 2016 was a huge year for us in terms of being able to say, okay, guys, now we've checked these things off; albeit, not until December, obviously, in terms of getting the first flight of the production aircraft going. So I think this is now the time to see, do these things move from discussion to something that's serious. Now, the move to put it into the business wasn't portending anything particular, right? Look, the expense is there, regardless of how we've accounted for it, but we've always had this in corporate because it was an experiment, right? And this was not something that was - had a clear linkage to a particular business to drive revenue and margin. But I think now as we get into a point that says, alright, this thing is now ready to fully be able to go to market, well that's the business' job, right? Corporate doesn't do that. And so I think now having this where the team in Aviation, particularly on our defense side, will pick up the marketing and drive this thing to achieve its milestones, get certifications done and try to bring this thing to fruition in terms of orders, it's appropriate that those expenses be in that segment where you would also then record revenue and margin. So it's a big change for where the program was which was in a very experimental phase up until now. To where now, we have these critical things out of the way, a clear path to a real marketable product, and therefore, it makes sense to be in business.
Myles Walton: And the $50 million step, or $50 million in 2017, is there a big step down no matter what in 2018 within Aviation?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think you're either going to be see a big step down or you're going to see a step up, because there's a real order and an opportunity that we need to go exit into.
Operator: We will go to the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Just a few follow-ups if that's okay. On the legacy aircraft, I think the tone has been it's rough, it's a challenging market, but it's flattish. And it seems like it changed in Q4 and that's driving some of the production cuts. Can you talk about that a bit? Why the tone changed in the last quarter.
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, Sheila, I think that we were seeing some incremental pricing, we were feeling good about stabilization. And it seemed like when we got to the fourth quarter, we had a number of transactions where people just wanted to go to even lower prices, and we said that we're just not - we can't do that. We can't make it unhealthy for the business. So again, as I said earlier, I think that's where we see it at this point, and that led us to back off on some of these production volumes because we're just not going to create capacity out there if it's not a market that's willing to at least pay a fair price for the aircraft. We're certainly hopeful that will change. And if we see that dynamic change, we can obviously react very quickly to try to get additional aircraft into the market. But we were seeing, as we went through the year, what we thought was a reasonable progression of feeling like the pricing was firming up. And it seemed like in the fourth quarter, given the number of aircraft that were out there, the demand just didn't match up and it wanted to see a lower price point. And, as I said, we're just, we're not going there.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Understood. That makes sense. Another one on Aviation margins. I understand that the Latitude is dilutive and that might be half due to the NetJets deliveries and the competition with the legacies. And just how do you think about the market as we - the market for the Longitude, just given that there's no competitor out there, or new model out there for that aircraft. And how - if that's dilutive or not as we start production deliveries in 2017 and into 2018?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Well, look, Sheila, obviously, the situation with Latitude, we're not happy with where that is, right? We feel like we delivered a great aircraft to the marketplace, customers loved the aircraft, it's performing well, there's just - the thing is a home run. But we're not enjoying the benefit of that because it's in there at a price point that we're not happy with, and that was obviously a competitive dynamic that caused that to happen. Where we're positioning the Longitude, we're not going to let that happen. I think when you look at what's out there competing with it, we have superior performance, and we're going to start holding the price line from day one that has to make that an attractive aircraft for us, as well as for our customers. And so far, the discussions we're having with customers. And look, we are taking deposits on the aircraft. Obviously, we're not through certification testing and all that, so we're not going to see - you're not going to see a big impact on backlog yet. But I think the product is being very well received by customers. There's a pretty strong interest, but it's at a price level that's a fair price. And so I think we just have to make sure that in the future, our new models are good for us and our customer.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Understood, and then just last one on Bell. What's the sequential pickup in the backlog? And then can we talk about the moving pieces within Bell profitability? I know there are a lot of moving pieces, but it seems 412 is the only one that really matters. Just looking at the second half, 2016 margins, they were pretty good, so if you could talk about that a bit.
Scott Donnelly: Sure, so Bell backlog is up. Part of that, of course, is that we put the multi-year volumes in on a year-by-year basis, and we always do that in the fourth quarter when it gets appropriate. So part of that is the military side, which is our normal cycle. But we also had some positive backlog build on the commercial side. And again, as we talked about the Q3 and Q4, we did see nice increases in order activity on the commercial side. So they both contributed to the increase in backlog. There's no question when you look at the mix in the business certainly matters on the commercial side. And 2016, we did have some 412 sales here in the end of the quarter. H-1s - I'm sorry, Huey IIs do well and we had some Huey II volumes in the year as well. Again, as we look into 2017, we expect we'll be down a little bit on the B-22's which has been consistent with the plan. I think we'll do fine on the H-1s, and we'll see a little bit of an uptick on the commercial side in a number of the models. But the one that's most important from a profitability standpoint is the 412s.
Operator: We will go to the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter Arment: Scott, just a quick one. You've had a ton of questions on Latitude, so I will just ask one. Back in, at MBAA, the increases that we were thinking about for 2017 was 15% to 20%, so obviously, it's doing great in the marketplace. Is this just mainly what we're seeing demand from North America, or are you seeing some other pockets that you're picking up strength, just from a geography standpoint?
Scott Donnelly: We're starting to pick up some international orders on Latitude, but it's still very much a US story at this point, I would say.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robert Stallard with Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard: Just a couple of quick ones, Scott. First of all, on these customers that wanted the lower prices and you weren't prepared to give them in Aviation, do you know if they went to other manufacturers or are they still in the market?
Scott Donnelly: No, I think they're still in the market. And again, part of this is these are customers, a lot of these folks are guys who our customers today, they operate our aircraft today and they're very happy with our aircraft. And I think, ultimately, they're going to stay in our aircraft. But if they're not ready, if they're happy with their current aircraft and they're willing to wait and run that aircraft for another year or two, then that's fine. We just don't need to take pricing to a level that doesn't make sense in order to try to make that happen now, and that's why we feel like adjusting this demand by taking the production down is fine. If the market's not --if it's fewer aircraft, then we're going to build fewer aircraft in that space and not do that. Now, some are competitive, and obviously, and we walk away from some deals. But I think we need to do that to create some price integrity in the marketplace. It just doesn't make sense to get it to where it - it doesn't make sense to sell aircraft at that low price.
Robert Stallard: Okay. And then, secondly, on Kautex, is there any implications from this tax legislation that's being discussed in DC?
Scott Donnelly: I'm sorry, I'm not, there's a lot of tax discussion, Robert. Is there something more particular, because I don't know of anything that would directly affect Kautex.
Robert Stallard: Yes, in terms of the context of their based overseas and linked to the automotive industry.
Scott Donnelly: Yes, Kautex manufactures and ships and sells in those markets. So we go where our customers are building automobiles. And so, it's - we wouldn't expect a material impact. Now obviously, if you begin to see auto production shift, we'll follow that auto production accordingly, but we don't expect a big impact.
Operator: And no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to our speakers.
Eric Salander: Okay, thank you. Bye.
Operator: That does conclude the conference for today. This conference will be made available for replay after 10 o'clock this morning and running through Tuesday, April 18th at midnight. You can access the AT&T Executive Playback service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 373-341. International parties may dial 1-320-365-3844. Those numbers again, 1-800-475-6701, or 1-320-365-3844, with the access code 373-341. That does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-20 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Salander - VP-IR Scott Donnelly - Chairman, President and CEO Frank Connor - CFO and EVP
Analysts: Gavin Parsons - Goldman Sachs Carter Copeland - Barclays George Shapiro - Shapiro Research Jason Gursky - Citi Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company Samuel Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Seth Seifman - JPMorgan Peter Arment - Baird Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank Ronald Epstein - Bank of America Justin Bergner - Gabelli & Company John Walsh - Vertical Research
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Textron Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Eric Salander, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Eric Salander: Thanks, Stacy, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Textron's revenues in the quarter were $3.3 billion up $71 million from last year's third quarter. During this year's third quarter, we record $115 million pretax charge or $0.27 per share after tax related to the restructuring plan we announced this past summer. We also recorded a tax benefit of $0.76 per share related to a settlement of U.S. Internal Revenue Service audits Excluding these items, adjusted income from continuing operations was $0.61 per share down $0.02 from last year's third quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $94 million compared to $116 million in last year's third quarter. With that I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks Eric and good morning everybody. 2.2% increase in third quarter revenues reflected growth of Industrial and Aviation. We had good execution in the quarter with margin improvements in our Systems and Bell businesses. Despite the increase in revenues adjusted earnings per share was down $0.02 primarily the result of higher corporate expenses which reflected higher stock-based compensation expense and higher spending on the Scorpion program. The Bell revenues were down slightly as lower commercial units delivery in the quarter more than offset higher military volumes. Specifically we delivered 25 commercial helicopters down from 45 in last year's third quarter. We delivered 6 V-22, up from four units last year and 8 H-1s up from 5 last year. Our V-247 Valor program continues to progress with assembly of the first aircraft approximately two-thirds complete and on track for first flight next year. We also announced a new military tiltrotor product the Bell V-247 Vigilant. The Bell V-247 Vigilant is a Group 5 unmanned aerial system that will leverage the investment we're making in the V-280 platform. 247 design will provide unmatched speed, payload long-endurance capabilities and runway independence to fill multitude of missions including maritime environments. At the AUSA show over this month customer interest was high around both our V-280 mockup and the Bell V-247 model that were on display. On the commercial side while deliveries were down significantly in the quarter, we saw an increase in order flow. As we consider current customer activity and contract opportunities, we believe that Bell commercial helicopter demand has stabilized and maybe in the early stages of recover. On our new 505 Jet Ranger X, we continue to make progress on certification and we expect to achieve this initial certification late this year with deliveries beginning shortly thereafter. During the quarter we were awarded two FMS contracts for 13 V-2 helicopters to be delivered in Uganda and Kenya with deliveries beginning in the fourth quarter. Overall given the challenging commercial markets, we had a strong quarter at Bell as cost productivity efforts over the past several years contributed to a 13% segment margin. Moving to Systems, revenues were down as higher revenues at Marine and Land Systems were more than offset by lower weapons deliveries. As you know we announced we will be discontinuing production of Sensor Fuzed Weapons in March of next year. As result we're taking actions now to reduce costs across the System segment. At TMLS we began initial TAPV deliveries to our Canadian customer in the quarter and looking to the fourth quarter we have a significant wrap in deliveries although slower than we had originally planned. Moving to industrial, we saw some percent increase in revenues reflecting the impact of acquisitions and higher volumes in our automotive and specialized vehicle businesses. Last month we announced we will be consolidating Jacobsen with a specialized vehicle business to optimize efficiency and better serve the company's shared customers and distributors. Also in the vehicle business we recently acquired Safeaero, a Swedish Manufacturer of De-Icer for the commercial aviation industry. Safeaero will be part of our ground support equipment portfolio which continues to grow very nicely. In our commercial business we introduced a new line of Cushman Hauler utility vehicles. While on our consumer product line, our distributors kicked off retail sales of our new Stampede 4x4 off road product. At Kautex our selective catalytic reduction product lines continue to drive growth above the current auto market. Moving to Textron Aviation, revenues were up $39 million in the quarter. We delivered 41 Jets compared to 37 last year and 29 King Airs flat with last year. On the new product front, the launch tube made its first flight on October 8, marking an important achievement in its part certification market entry. This first flight occurred less than a year after unveiling the launch tube at NBAA last November demonstrating our rapid new product development cycle with target certification later next year. Customer anticipation to new aircraft remains strong as we have begun executing purchase agreements with potential customers. During the quarter we also unveiled Cessna Denali, our new clean sheets single-engine pressurized turboprop. The Denali will feature superior operating performance with the only flat floor cabin design in its class and will easily convert between passenger and cargo configurations. We are not currently serving this market segment and believe the highly differentiated Denali will contribute a significant future growth of aviation with its best-in-class performance characteristics. Moving to Scorpion, the program continues to make good progress and we expect first flight of our initial production aircraft very soon. Last week we conducted a successful weapons testing with our existing aircraft at U.S. Air Force White Sands Proving Ground. With accreditation process now underway and customer interest increasing, we have accelerated investment in the program. We have begun building several aircraft to support the accreditation requirements, validate our manufacturing process, expand our marketing and customer engagement activities. Moving to an update on our restructuring plan, we have announced additional headcount reductions across our businesses principally through a voluntary separation plan in our aviation segment and have increased our cost estimate accordingly. To wrap-up, several of our end markets remain challenging in the third quarter, we still achieve top line growth while furthering our development efforts on major new programs. With that, Ill turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor : Thank you, Scott and good morning everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $310 million down $2 million from the third quarter of 2015 on a $71 million increase in revenues. Let's review how each of the segments contributed starting with Textron Aviation. At Textron Aviation revenues were up 39 $million from this period last year primarily due to higher pre-owned aircraft volumes and the impact of an acquisition. Segment profit was $100 million down from $107 million a year ago primarily reflecting the mix of products sold. Backlog in this segment ended the quarter at $1.1 billion approximately flat with second quarter. Moving to Bell, revenues were down $22 million primarily due to lower commercial deliveries partially offset by higher military volumes. Segment profit decreased $2 million from the third quarter of 2015 reflecting the lower commercial aircraft deliveries. Backlog in this segment was $4.9 billion at the end of the quarter approximately flat with the second quarter. At Textron Systems, revenues were down $7 million primarily due to lower weapons volume partially offset by higher revenues at Marine and Land. Segment profit was up $5 million reflecting improved performance. Backlog in the segment was $2.2 billion down $74 million from the end of the second quarter. Industrial revenues increased $58 million due to the impact of acquired businesses and higher volumes. Segment profit increased $5 million reflecting improved performance. Finance segment revenues increased $3 million and profit decreased $3 million. Moving below the segment profit, corporate expenses were $53 million compared to $27 million last year. As Scott explained, this reflected higher stock-based compensation expense and the accelerated spending on our Scorpion program. Interest expense was $35 million up $2 million from last year. With respect to our restructuring plan in the quarter, we recorded a pretax charges of $115 million on the special charges line. Looking forward our revised cost estimate for the total restructuring plan is now a range of $140 to $170 million pretax up from $110 million to $140 million to reflect the additional reductions that Scott discussed. Cash outlays associated with this plan are now estimated to be in the range of $100 million to $120 million compared to our previous estimate of $65 million to $85 million. We recorded a total income tax benefit of $319 million in the quarter related to settlement of U.S. IRS audits for years 1998 through 2008, $206 million or $0.76 per share was attributable to continuing operations. To wrap up, we are narrowing our adjusted full year EPS from continuing operations guidance to $2.65 to $2.75 a share which corresponds to GAAP EPS of $3.06 to $3.21 per share. Given our accelerated spending on Scorpion, higher investment in restructuring and slower TAPV deliveries we are revising our outlook for cash flow from continuing operations of the manufacturing group for pension contributions to $500 million to $600 million down from our previous estimate of $600 million to $700 million. That concludes our prepared remarks. So Stacy we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go to Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Gavin Parsons: This is Gavin on for Noah. Just looking at the broader business jet market, it seems like it's weakened a little bit lately, with some of your competitors announcing production rate cuts over the last couple of quarters. And then you look at deliveries ex-Latitude, mostly flat, with a little bit worse mix. So I'm curious if somewhat on the cannibalization subject, what do deliveries look like ex-Latitude for the next couple of years, and is there pricing pressure in the market more broadly, in addition to these new model introductions you have lined up?
Scott Donnelly: Gavin Im not sure I would try to harbor guess at the next few years on what the market looks like but I think that where the market is right now is certainly still soft. I would say it's still more or less in line with what we expected this year which is to say that, most of the growth is driven by the new products that are coming on to the market that's certainly been true with latitude. The market for historical products is pretty flat and yes, there continues to be a pretty tight market it's difficult to get any kind of pricing but you know it's up little on some models and down little on some model so it's really is consistent with what we've been seeing for the last couple of years. So our plan obviously is that the only growth that we've been seeing is been driven by the new products come out into the marketplace and that's why we continue to stay focused on bringing longitude to the market and bring the knowledge of the market, ultimately bringing the hemisphere to the market because I think at least in the market environment we exist in today that's the only way to drive growth, and you continue to expect at the legacy historical product lines will be relatively flat.
Gavin Parsons: Thanks. And when you look at -- could you try to size maybe the net impact of membership clubs? Kind of Uber for business jet, if you will, where that's much higher utilization, but it's bringing in new users who potentially hadn't had access to business jets before?
Scott Donnelly: Well I don't know when I go all the way to the Uber side, I mean obviously we have a couple of very important customers that are in the - sort of nonretail only aircraft market niche as you know to the extent there obviously selling these aircraft to fractional customers and their car based on the niche as a pretty broad range of product that they provide to reach people aren't owning their own whole aircraft. So that's an important part of where we today with Latitudes. Obviously on the King Air side, you have guys out there like Wheels Up that are operating primarily King Airs and also aimed at a non-equity and a broader base of potential customer. So we see some of that. I mean these are very real customers. They are taking over aircraft and are running pretty significant businesses today and appear to be doing so successfully. How much broader we see that market or how far that reaches to what customer segments in the world, I think is still to be determined. It's a lot of different models out there, some of them I think are on the work and there is other ones that may not work but certainly we have a couple of key customers that are sort of inline with I think your question. How do you reach a broader base of people to get into a private aircraft and today we certainly see that happening very successfully with both the NetJets of the world as well as the Wheels Up for the world.
Gavin Parsons: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to line of Carter Copeland with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Carter Copeland: Hi, good morning guys. Just a quick clarification on the Scorpion comment. I think earlier in your prepared remarks, you said higher spending, and then in most of the other places, you said accelerated spending. I just want to clarify, is there any cost growth in the manufacturing efforts early on, or is this all related to pulling forward investment that you intended to do further down the line?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, the increased spending is in R&D expense right, so were in the process of getting ready for our first flight. Weve also undertaken some things like going out and doing actual weapons, deliveries so the cost of those kinds of activities obviously a lot of the cost is around bringing the first production unit to the market and developing our manufacturing processes as we start sort of what I referred to is a limited rate production run, our expenses that we would accelerate. So these are things that, that certainly could have been put off and originally would have been done in the future but I think as weve established this with the Air Force and now have a path of certification, the level of activity where customers has stepped up considerably and its the right time for us to step up and demonstrate this aircraft and its performance capability and get much more aggressive about the marketing and test flights and I think its the right time based on whats going on in the customer community to really mature this program. And so those are largely expenses that we pull forward because we think, we need to do it now. Waiting a year or spreading it out over longer period of time won't help us given the opportunities that we see out there in the - not too distant future.
Carter Copeland: Okay. Great. That's great color. And then on the comment you made regarding demand stabilization and potential recovery at Bell, I wondered if you might give us a little bit more color there, and what's driving that view? Is it customer pipeline and conversations? Obviously, the backlog was flat year over year, or sequentially. Any more color on that would be helpful.
Scott Donnelly: Sure, I think in the last quarter, we have seen a pretty significant uptick in the numbers of orders that we booked compared to the first half of the year. Now this is still down from where it wasnt in its peak. I mean were not suggesting that this market has recovered and things are great but we had a year were order activity was extraordinarily weak. And so we're starting now to see customers that are coming forward actually signing deals and closing contracts and in particular there is a number of campaigns that are in process. We're go out there activities happening and clearly deals are going to close. So that's the rational for sort of our color on that. We're coming out of a year or so here, very, very difficult environment in terms of closing any deals. I think in the last quarter we saw lot of deals closed and lot of deals that are active in progress. So, it's - again it's not were things were in the great days but it's certainly positive to see and uptick and activity in actual orders.
Carter Copeland: Great, thanks for the color. I will let somebody else ask.
Operator: We'll go to line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Yes. Good morning Scott. The aviation margin was somewhat lower than what I was looking for. On the second quarter, you said that you would see lower R&D on the Longitude in the third -- in the second half of the year, and pricing may be a little bit better. So could you just comment on that? And then also, to get to the low end of your 8.5% to 9% margin would require a margin north of 11% in the fourth quarter. So is that doable? And if not, what would you suggest is the range now?
Scott Donnelly: Well so a couple of things, George first of all the R&D as we went from Q2 to Q3 did come down in the business and I think if you look at the sequential margins are pretty good from Q2 to Q3. But if you look on a year-over-year basis, there is no question that the leverage wasn't there. Id say the most of that is a result of the fact that our revenue growth on a year-over-year basis was largely driven by used aircraft sales and the inclusion of our acquisition at Able, which is a great little business but in its first year with deal related costs and step up and all that kind of stuff its first year is kind of a breakeven. So if you look at that model you have $50 million plus of revenue in there thats not, there has no margins its used aircraft in the first year of that deal. So, thats the bulk of where you dont have leverage where you would probably have expected to see some of that leverage and the rest of its still is ongoing mix issue. So we did have positive pricing on the retail side on latitude in the quarter but it's still at lower margin rates than what we typically see in the rest of our portfolio. And obviously all of the mix shift in the quarter as well mentioned you guys see the numbers in terms of aircraft, we had a couple more Mustangs. We had a couple more in M2s, we certainly had more Latitudes but we also were down a couple XLSs and Sovereigns. So from a mix standpoint that certainly pressured some of the conversation as well on a year-over-year basis.
George Shapiro: And what would you suggest now for margin for the year, where you had been at 8.5% to 9%?
Scott Donnelly: Look I think thats going to be at the low end of that George and part of the rational for a large driver for the rational for why you see us narrowing our range is that the top end of our original guidance range would have been stronger year in the business jet market. Obviously its continued to be pretty flat, so we're probably going to be more towards that midpoint which is why were revised our guidance. As it comes to the segment, I think were probably expecting something more around a 10% kind of margin rate in the quarter for Aviation as oppose to something that would be high enough to bring it up into the midpoint of its range.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then if you could -- after market growth in the quarter, if you took out Able, so on an organic basis, what was that?
Scott Donnelly: Pretty flat.
George Shapiro: Okay, thanks very much. Ill get back in the queue.
Operator: We'll go Jason Gursky with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Gursky: Hi, good morning guys. Could you dive a little bit deeper into the TAPV program? You suggested volumes are going to be a little lower than initially expected. Can you tell us why and what to expect going forward? And then just comment as to whether the inventory levels on the balance sheet are related in part to the TAPV program?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. So, you know, we did make initial deliveries in the quarter. Kind of going through that process and dealing with normal - I'd say normal. We had more issues just in terms of consistency and flowing vehicles through that process than we would have expected. The good news is we are now - we are making deliveries every week. We are agreeing with the customer on how many units they are taking and that process appears to be flowing. But it is at a lower level than we would have originally planned in our RLP. So while we will make a fair number of deliveries here in the fourth quarter. We will certainly not get to where we would have expected to be, and that's part of our cash pressure. We will have higher finished goods inventory on the TAPV program than we would have expected in our plan. So that is certainly a significant part of the downward revision on our cash for the year. So, again there is no, major issue there. The vehicles every week were delivering vehicles, vehicles are going in and being delivered to the customer but its at a lower rate than we would have planned.
Jason Gursky: Great. And then, Scott, really quickly on business jets, could you talk a little bit about the fourth quarter set-up here? Does this fourth quarter feel similar to what you have experienced going into the fourth quarter the last couple of years, with regard to how many bookings you have in hand, with the pipeline, and how you close out the year? Is it going to be as seasonally strong as we've experienced here the last few years? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: We normally have still aircraft to sell. The good news is in terms of things like the latitude or in a very solid position. But there are still aircraft to sell, and we are closing orders, which is kind of what we expect to see happening. We have NBAA coming up here in a couple of weeks which is usually a pretty significant event in terms of customer interactions and we would expect to see a number of closings come out of that, as well. So it's kind of where we've been. We always have aircraft to sell.
Operator: And well go to Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton. Please go ahead.
Pete Skibitski: Hi, good morning guys. Scott, on the incremental Scorpion spend, you talked a little bit about it, but could you give us an updated sense of when you are expecting certification from the Air Force? I don't know what else you would be comfortable talking about, in terms of maybe expectations for a first order or a first delivery?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we don't have confirm date yet with Air Force, our teams and the certification folks that right paddle working together very carefully, I mean it's frankly quite busy. I mean there is a lot of activity going on. Lot of the detailed touch plans being finalized, and data been reviewed. So it's in the pros of the process you'd expect. I mean so its a very active cert program. We did a lot of work here over the last month obviously to get ready to do a weapons drop which was very successful last week. So that was above and beyond certification work or demonstration of its capability which I think was very important to our prospective customers and was being watched very carefully. The acceleration on the production process maturing obviously, we've been always planning to do this initial production configuration aircraft to support certification program, but given the overall activity we've gone ahead and sort of pull the trigger on initiating our small production build to help validate our manufacturing processes as well. So I hope we have a lot of customer conversations going on right now. We think there's a number of opportunities to demonstrate this aircraft. We have a bunch customers who want to fly the aircraft and that's really one has to accelerate both the expense side, as well as to bring in the inventory and initiate the limited rating of production because when you have these assets available for customer demonstrations, customer flights and hopefully eventually customer sales. But I won't provide any color and I think on a specific closure date of any particular contract, but there's a lot of customer activity and lot of discussions ongoing.
Pete Skibitski: Okay. You're feeling good about that program. One follow-up on Bell. Your comments on the market, does that include the 412? That was a rough quarter for the 412? Are there campaigns out there? Are you feeling that the 412 would come back? If you could up date us on the 525, if the flight tests are still suspended or not?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. So the 412 is certainly very important part of what we see in sort of recovery or there is a number of 412 deals that have closed and there is a number of 412 opportunities that are out there that are actively in negotiation. So I think the 412 is important part of what we see making a turn as we go into '17 and beyond, so that's very positive. With respect with 525 again this is NTSB run investigation, they are managing that process. We are obviously cooperating and supporting them in every way that we can. The flight test program is still not moving forward. We have teams that are making preparations for what return to flight looks like and being ready to do that. We also obviously continue to do all the non-flight test related certification work which is continuing to progress well. So we don't have a time or date on the exact return to flight that's a process we have to manage through working with the NTSB and FAA, but that investigation work continues to progress.
Pete Skibitski: Thanks a lot.
Operator: And we'll go to Cai von Rumohr with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes. Thank you very much. So your corporate expense was up. Was most of that the accelerated spending on the Scorpion? If so, how does that change your R&D expectation and corporate expense expectation for the full year?
Frank Connor: Well, it's probably about half and half split Cai, between the accelerated spending on the Scorpion program which is flowing through there. And also the stock based comp because reversion down a year ago so the relative year-over-year comparison is up. So it's kind of split between those two factors about $0.02 to $0.04 each kind of an impact. I would expect to see that and I'd expect to see that flow continue through the fourth quarter as we continue the spending on the Scorpion program, getting the first flight and continuing to work the certification and manufacturing process validation program.
Scott Donnelly: So, Cai, on the corporate expense line it obviously will depend on what has stock price in the fourth quarter and there's always those impacts, but it will probably be touch higher than we had originally guided in terms of total year. And in terms of total R&D it's not - it won't change the total R&D spending.
Frank Connor: It's not a material number to the total R&D that company guide, but you know the R&D, I expect to continuing pace on the Scorpion program as we accelerated that, but obviously the stock based comp pieces is a little separate issue in terms of what that is in the fourth quarter.
Cai von Rumohr: Right. But so the guide actually was narrowed, and so it sounds like we're talking $0.07, $0.08 incremental spending on Scorpion. Is there an offset to is that? A lower tax rate? Stronger ops, in terms of the outlook?
Frank Connor: We'll say all of the above. Cai, I think we've seen - if you look at where we thought from the beginning of the year I think Bell is performing very strongly, I think the Systems business is performing very well even in light of challenges around the delays on the TAPV program, industrial guys are doing quite well. Again aviation I think is they are performing well in a very difficult environment. We're probably not going to get the leveraging growth that we would like seen to be towards the top end, but then we are throwing a little bit of acceleration on Scorpion and that's kind of where we end up with all those puts and takes around the midpoint of what we guided.
Cai von Rumohr: Got it. Last one. If you look at Bell, if you hit your target on V-22s, they are going to be down a lot in the fourth quarter. And so even if you get a pickup in commercial, and certainly based on the third quarter, you got a long way to go. Bell looks like it has a tougher fourth quarter coming up. Does your guidance there change for the year?
Frank Connor: No, I think there is a - again the performance of Bell all year has been strong. I think the productivity that we've expected has been delivered on and I think the team will close out on a strong year. 
Cai von Rumohr: Thank you.
Operator: And we will go to Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Samuel Pearlstein : Good morning. Could you talk a little bit more about the restructuring? You increased it from where you thought at the end of August. You mentioned mostly on the aviation side. Is there a driver there? Is it that the pricing you thought might come through didn't, that causes you to want to restructure your costs? Could you talk a little bit about that?
Scott Donnelly: First time I wouldn't attribute it directly to pricing, but I'd say obviously the aviation market continues to be challenging and we're pleased with the impact the new products we're having, the legacy, historic market is still a challenge. And as we look at what we need to do to try to sustain margins and keep the business productive and competitive. We thought the most popular way to do that was look at another cost restructuring there, we're doing the bulk of it frankly to a voluntary program which has been well received. But we really - keep cost in line in a challenging market we thought it was appropriate this time to do that. So that's driving the bulk of the net out of the restructuring program we're obviously interested, we needed to do with our exit of the weapons business and overall what's going on across the system segment, but it was right time to take an action in the aviation side as well just given the overall weak demand environment in that industry.
Samuel Pearlstein: In the $100 million to $120 million of actual outlays, is that all in 2016?
Scott Donnelly: No, it will be split between $0.16 and $0.17. So it's probably - it will probably close to half of this year and half in the '17. A lot of that is severance and what we have some of the - severance costs we borne this year a fair bit that will roll over into the beginning of 2017.
Samuel Pearlstein: Okay. Last question. Just looking at even the new manufacturing cash flow guidance, pretty substantial step up in Q4, over $500 million probably in free cash. What is it that drives that big step up?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we typically see a fairly strong quarter on the aviation side. All of that inventory which has been accumulating throughout the course of the year which is pretty normal for us. I think we'll also see -- we are starting to flow more deliveries on the vehicle side of the business, which is largely direct conversion in the cash. So those are probably two of the biggest movers. 
Samuel Pearlstein: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning. Just to follow up on the restructuring, how are you thinking about it across the segments? I've seen some announcements in aviation and within industrial. Anything in Bell, and also, how do you think about the payback there for 2017?
Scott Donnelly: So the bulk of the restructuring activity that we added obviously was aviation. So that the previous restructuring we talked about it was largely Systems driven or some associated with the move of the Jacobsen into the Specialized Vehicle business as we shutdown the Charlotte manufacturing operations and move that down to Augusta. That's really the only part that's in the industrial segment. So the bulk of it is between Systems and now with the reduction at aviation pretty heavy in that segment. From a payback shareholders if there is any part of this restructuring obviously we expect to see sort of an attritional payback over typical personal related cost six or nine months for part of this obviously in particular that associated with the shutdown of the weapons and Sensors SFW line there is no payback there. This is an exit of a business. So I think the right way to think about this on go-forward basis is that well probably see annualized benefits that are roughly equivalent to that 100 million and 120 million that were expanding.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Got it. And so within aviation, I guess the $30 million is roughly the payback there. Not to pin numbers down on that. And maybe just to follow on to the aviation margin questions. How could we think about the steady state margin from here. Is it the 7% to 8% mark, assuming R&D is at a normalized level and the pricing dynamic continues on the Latitude?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think well finish the year obviously clearly towards the low end or even a little below the initial guidance we would give you on the Aviation segment. On a continued basis were probably not ready to do 2017 guidance yet but itll all depend on what kind of market we see and what kind of volume leverage we think were going to get. Right now were expecting most of it to be driven by Latitude next year with a little bit of growth driven by Longitude, well hopefully get those certification done and maybe get a couple of initial deliveries in the latter part of next year but again when you look at the margin rates its all going to be a matter of what kind of leverage can we get and right now thats largely new products.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay. And then just last one on King Airs. Can you talk about what you are seeing in the demand environment there?
Scott Donnelly: So King Air deliveries were pretty flat and I think that the demand levels have been pretty steady through the course of the year, theyre obviously lower than they were last year. I think we had a good quarter with flat deliveries. One of the challenges for the King Air obviously is its a more international product and I would say probably about where were right now were about two-thirds U.S., one-third international on the King Airs and international markets have been somewhat more challenged than the U.S. market so but anyway we feel good about the King Air where it is and sales have been kind of holding in there and it continues to be a pretty popular product.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And well go to the line of Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Good morning. My first question would be around the capital deployment. So if I think about the first half of the year, you issued debt and did some buyback. Q3, you paid down some debt, no buyback. Has anything changed on your perspective on capital deployment? And maybe give us some color around how you look at the inorganic growth opportunities today?
Scott Donnelly: Well Julian, I think our perspective hasnt really changed. Obviously were committed to at least doing the buybacks to avoid share dilution and thats been more than accomplished already in the buybacks that we did in the first quarter. Well continue to look at it opportunistically. As you pointed out, we did deploy capital, repay debt here in the third quarter which was obviously something that we needed to do. In terms of on a go-forward basis again well continue to provide that same guide. Were going to avoid dilution and well do the buybacks as we see opportunistically appropriate. On the M&A front on a year it's been fairly quiet here lately, I mean there has been a couple of small deals like the Safeaero deal which is very nice little bolt-on for our ground support business which is doing very well for us. Were very pleased with that business and so were continuing to round out the offering that we take through that channel to the same customers and same services support channels makes a lot of sense to us. And on the other hand many times we continue to kind of look at things, there is nothing large that we would say is imminent but were always kind of keep an eye on opportunities that would help to strengthen and grow the businesses.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: And clearly we have very lightly leveraged balance sheet where weve the capacity and the ability to do something if something comes up.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. And just going back to the aviation restructuring again, not so much the spending and payback and so on, but more a question around the genesis of it. It doesn't sound as if the aviation market, in your perspective, changed much from July on the Q2 quarter, to today. So, but at the same time you have launched an incremental restructuring. Is it more the case that the market maybe back in January, you thought you would see a bigger pickup in the second half than what you're actually seeing, or is it the case that the market sequentially did deteriorate slightly?
Scott Donnelly: Julian, its not a huge swing one way or the other. Its just been fairly flat on those legacy sides and when we look at our cost structure I mean we obviously been spending a lot of money and doing a lot of things particularly on the R&D front and a lot new product programs and as you look at that the market environment and margins and the expectations for the kind of returns that we need to provide it made sense to take a look at it and see if there are some restructuring to do try to further improve our cost position. So I dont think the market in the segments that we serve have gotten dramatically worse. It just continues to be sort of a stubbornly soft market and I think it was out reaction lets just try to improve our cost position as we find our way through that.
Julian Mitchell: Very clear. A last quick one. Bell margins. Should we expect those to come in at the high end of the initial range that you had provided?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, I think those performed extremely well in what was certainly a very difficult market and well probably be towards the high end of our initial guide.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you.
Operator: And well go to the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much. Good morning. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the aftermarket at Bell, what it did in the quarter, and how you see it progressing in the context of this stabilization of demand that you have discussed?
Scott Donnelly: So Bell aftermarket was up in the quarter. We kind of reached the point here where were sort of a year, more than a year now into what was a fairly significant drop off in utilization associated with oil and gas market in particular. So were starting to get a little bit more favorable comps and we did have a positive quarter on the aftermarket side. Now as you know, Seth, you know, from a quarter  any given quarter to quarter its going to be sometimes flattish, sometimes up a few points. We expect thats kind of the trajectory that we should be ongoing forward.
Seth Seifman: Thanks. Last one for the industrial business. The margin guidance that you have given previously implies a pretty strong fourth quarter for industrial. Not necessarily relative to what we saw in the first half, but relative to the typical seasonality in industrial. Is that something that's reasonable to expect? Is there anything in particular that's driving it?
Scott Donnelly: Nothing in particular, Seth, the industrial segment I mean there is obviously seasonality to some of the businesses and well expect to see that normal seasonality but if you look at the margins that we expect on a total year basis it should be consistent with what we guided. So I dont think there is nothing notable in the segment.
Seth Seifman: Okay, excellent. Thank you very much.
Operator: And well go to Peter Arment with Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter Arment: Good morning. Most of my questions have been answered. Just a clarification, Scott. You mentioned on the Scorpion, the first flight very soon, is that still expectations before the end of the year, or a little color on that?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, I think very soon.
Peter Arment: Okay, that answers it well. Thank you, Scott.
Operator: And well go to Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Myles Walton: Thanks good morning. I am not going to go by segment, but Scott, maybe at a high level when you started the year in sales, it was $14.3 billion of sales, if I triangulate where you are and what you said on commentary, is $13.8 billion the right range that you are shooting for? Flattish year on year in the fourth quarter?
Scott Donnelly: I havent gone through that number so I probably shouldnt do math here on the call.
Myles Walton: The reason I ask, I mean it sounds like tech systems, obviously you have had a slower TAPV and that's where a lot of the growth is. Bell, you have got a tough comp with last year. Maybe a triangulation on the top line would be helpful.
Scott Donnelly: Well actually I want to be careful here not to do too much math and make a mistake on the systems side. Look, I think well  if youre thinking about year-over-year kind of numbers I think systems will still have a relatively strong fourth quarter. There is a couple of piece to that. Obviously we are flowing the TAPVs which we didnt have before. We also have deliveries of another U.S. contract which is a rock in Columbian ASVs which will be in there. And as you know we always a little bit of lumpiness here on our Sensor Fuzed Weapon and while there is none in the third quarter its because we have another delivery to our customer in the fourth quarter. So particularly to the System's side, I think, you'll see a pretty strong fourth quarter and certainly in terms of year-over-year growth.
Myles Walton: And then Bell I would think though would be the offset to that on the lower V-22s, unless the guidance point, there's a higher delivery?
Scott Donnelly: That's correct, that's correct. Certainly on a year-over-year basis, you'll see a lower revenue number at Bell.
Myles Walton: Okay. All right. And then at Bell, there -- was there any positive VAC, sizable of note, in the quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Pretty much the same as it was on a year-over-year basis.
Myles Walton: Okay. And then the last clean-up. Fourth quarter tax rate, Frank?
Frank Connor: Probably around 30%, full year 29%, 29.5%
Myles Walton: Okay. All right. Thanks guys.
Operator: And we'll go to Ronald Epstein with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ronald Epstein: Good morning, guys. Just a couple quick questions for you. Maybe I'll start off with Frank. When you look at the inventory, from quarter to quarter, it went up a couple hundred million bucks, and year over year, it looks like it was $700 million or $800 million. What's driving that?
Frank Connor: Well, as we said we've seen some lower deliveries on the TAPV which is contributed a little bit of it. But if you look at it, we started the year couple of $100 million up in inventory versus the end of '15. Frankly, inventory has increased at about the same rate through the first nine months of '16 versus the first nine months of '15. So we are seeing the normal trending of inventory. We do have some slightly higher inventory levels than in some areas like TAPV, then we would have plans for, which is putting a little bit of pressure on cash. But if it's not wildly off from what we had expected or what we have seen in previous years. Just given the seasonality of the business, there is still some additional pressure or some additional inventory and they're also for Scorpion as we talked about that we wouldn't have had on a year-over-year basis.
Ronald Epstein: Okay. One more question for you, Frank, and then I have got one for Scott. Organic growth, revenue organic growth year over year, was it approximately flat if you take out the stuff from acquisitions?
Frank Connor: Yes, it was. Yes.
Ronald Epstein: Okay. That's fair enough, that seems like. And then, Scott, a lot of talk about Scorpion this morning, which, the airplane I love. We have been talking about that one for a long time. I think, and maybe you picked up a little bit of this on the call, I think there is some skepticism in the investor community about a Company-funded defense program, right? So things like the Northrop F-20 pop up and that thing. When you think about the return of investment on the Scorpion, and what your expectations are for this program, how can you make us all feel comfortable that, yes, this was a good place for Textron to invest their money?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Ron, I think that we've been running this program for a few years now. We've been able, you know, for the most part to run this thing in a way that was at a low enough level of investment that we were making accomplishments, getting the first flights, being able to talk to customers and kind of feel out what this market could be from just the original sort of a theory of what it might be to interacting with real customers, engaging their level of interest. And so I'd say over the last few years we've been able run it without sort of making an impact that would be problematic. This is the first quarter where we had to say, look, this is having an impact on what we would have guided you guys both in terms of expense as well as awesome cash impact as we build inventory, actually make a run of aircraft. This is certainly not still assure bet standpoint, but I mean obviously, we would not do that and make those investments and then take that hit in terms of you know near-term earnings and cash if we didn't think that the level of customer interest that we're seeing the fact we now have a path to certification, in fact we demonstrated weapons capabilities, the level of interest we have from customers we've been talking to for a number of years has become strong enough that we felt it was time to accelerate that spending and be willing to invest some of our cash to be ready to do a limited production run here. So is that a sure thing? No. Do we see that the opportunity is real and that we think that there is a real future for this thing, and someday could be a profitable line of business for the company? I'll have to say the answer is yes or we wouldn't have made the decisions to go ahead and take some pressure on earnings and pressure on cash to really take that final step and bring this thing to the market in a very real credible way.
Ronald Epstein: So one follow-on to that. When you think about the return on invested capital, one would think you could do better with this, than you can with the purely commercial program. Is that a reasonable view?
Scott Donnelly: Well I think when we look at what we believe and again the conversations with customers on where we can prices this aircraft it's a very, it's a from a customer perspective a very competitive price versus the options that are out there in the market in terms of the performance that you get for the dollars, the capability per dollar so we think we can do that and have it be a very solid profitable program for us.
Ronald Epstein: Okay great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And well go to Justin Bergner with Gabelli & Company. Please go ahead.
Justin Bergner: Thanks and good morning Scott. Just a couple clean-up questions. In terms of the changed cash flow guidance, it seems like about half of the change is coming from the cash restructuring outlay, and half from perhaps higher inventories on the TAPV side. Is that how I should think of the bridge, or are there other pieces to think about?
Scott Donnelly: Well Id say there is a number of pieces you know as any year right of cash coming in and out and inventory levels but for sure when you look at there is a pressure on the restructuring cash out, there is a pressure on slower TAPV deliveries and some Scorpion inventory coming in but there is some positives in other areas and some better working capital management, there's a lot of moving parts that sums to that but certainly what you mentioned are two of the, are the biggest movers in terms of contributors of the pressure.
Justin Bergner: Okay. Great. And then given your glass half full comments on Bell, are you optimistic about the backlog growing in future quarters, or is it more a function of the higher orders allowing for backlog stability going forward?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think we'll see some better backlog on the commercial side. Remember that the backlog on that business is very lumpy because of the multiyear youre sure that gets authorized and funded that rolls into backlog. So the backlog number at Bell will always be, you'll see some pretty significant swings driven by particularly the military side of business.
Justin Bergner: Okay, thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: And well go to Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
John Walsh: Hi good morning. This is John Walsh on for Jeff. So a lot of ground covered so far, appreciate that. I wanted to go back to aviation, and think about jet lead times on new orders. Not asking for a program by program, but if you had a lumpier new and refreshed programs versus the legacy, any color on the lead time deltas between those two buckets?
Scott Donnelly: I am sorry. John, when you say lead time?
John Walsh: Yes, just if somebody and you made a comment earlier on Latitudes, right? There is still orders to sell. I'm just trying to get a sense of the demand, how fast you can fill out a order on legacy, or if there are lead times growing for other newer, refreshed models.
Scott Donnelly: I am sorry John, we try to stay away from doing any particular guidance on sold out and lead time availability on a model by model basis. I mean, and there is a fair bit of variation across new models, there is even variation obviously across the so called legacy models.
John Walsh: Okay. Are there any expectations that you could end up with some white tails here at year end?
Scott Donnelly: We really haven't talked about white tails for a number of years. We have aircraft being delivered in the first quarter so there's obviously we plan and always have inventory that rolls from year to year because it's inside the manufacturing lead time to deliver aircraft when you get into the first quarter and beginning of the second quarter. But right now as we have been doing for quite a number of years now were building to a forecast and weve been matching that fairly well to the demand.
John Walsh: Okay. And then one last one, on pension in the next year. Any early look on the expense side, or on any cash funding side?
Frank Connor: Well on expense side as weve said obviously the discount rates bouncing around, interest rates are bouncing around but we would expect it to be kind of no worse than flat on a year-over-year basis and on the funding side no additional funding other than normal course defined contribution funding and the small amount of other funding that we do. So no pick up from this year's funding levels.
John Walsh: Okay, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: And well go to the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Just one follow-up, Scott. Aviation deliveries were up every quarter this year. Will you beat the 60 in the fourth quarter of this year that you delivered last year?
Scott Donnelly: I would expect so. I think that we will George and well have a solid quarter obviously Latitude deliveries and I think you know net of everything we would certainly expect to be up on a volume of jets on a year-over-year basis.
George Shapiro: Yes, because you had 12 Latitudes in the fourth quarter of last year. So you'll deliver more than that, you think?
Scott Donnelly: Yes.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then just the last thing. I went back and looked, and it's the first time in a number of years that you had a book to bill equal or better than 1 for two successive quarters. Does that support your comment that you are starting to see order improvement in the industry?
Scott Donnelly: Well I dont know George, I am hesitant to forecast the future because its so hard but I mean obviously were always happy to get better than 1 to 1.
George Shapiro: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: And well go to the line of Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton. Please go ahead.
Pete Skibitski: I had a question on Kautex, Scott. I think you are building a fifth plant in China, now. Can you talk about what's motivating that? Has that helped you gain share, your presence in China? Is it a growth signal? Frankly, is there a long-term competitive risk to that? I am just curious about the strategy surrounding that.
Scott Donnelly: The long-term view on China its a massive automotive market, it continues to grow. Its been a good market for us frankly. We've had a very strong business in China and as that volume continues to grow our customers are doing well and we - as you know these programs when you're building tanks for these platform they tend to be fairly long cycle. So when we commit to go in and invest the capital in a new plant and a new machines and stuff like that, we clearly have line of sight to where that capacity is going to be utilized and on what platforms that capacity will be utilized on. So we don't see much downside risk to underutilization of those assets and certainly thats been our history over there is that these plants are well utilized and deliver good returns.
Pete Skibitski: Okay. So is there -- the more plants you build -- I guess is there more tailwind there, in terms of adding capacity, and maybe shifting your customer base from European OEMs to Chinese OEMs?
Scott Donnelly: Well I am not sure, the way we look at it as shifting I mean again, we really do this and make these decisions based on specific opportunities, specific platforms that we win and that's what drives us. So in terms of how we think about capital allocation in that business in the future we allocate it to the places where we've won with a customer and need to produce locally. So I think if you look in net this year so far weve actually have more growth in Europe than we've had in North America or Asia and thats because our customers in Europe have had higher growth rates. But again our allocation of our capital and where we choose to put locations is very highly driven to how were doing and who were winning with and where in the world. So we really let that drive - drive it as opposed to a philosophy of being in one particular region or the other.
Pete Skibitski: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Scott Donnelly: Okay. Thank you everyone. That concludes our call for today.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This conference will be available for replay after 10:00 o'clock a.m. today running through January 18, 2017 till midnight. You may access the AT&T Replay System at any time by dialing 1800-475-6701 or 1320-365-3844, and when prompted enter the access code of 373340. Those numbers again, 1800-475-6701 or 1320-365-3844, access code 373340. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-22 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President-Investor Relations Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc. Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Sheila K. Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Textron Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Doug Wilburne, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Stacy, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO, and; Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Textron's revenues in the quarter were $3.5 billion, up $264 million from last year's second quarter. Income from continuing operations was $0.66 per share, up 10% from $0.60 reported in last year's second quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was a $26 million use of cash compared to a positive $106 million cash flow in last year's second quarter. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everybody. Before I discuss our results, I would like to comment on the Bell 525 accident, which occurred on July 6 during developmental test flight and tragically claiming the lives of two Bell pilots. Both pilots were highly regarded individuals, well-respected members of Bell's team and very experienced test pilots. We will miss them greatly and keep them and their families in our thoughts and prayers. We're currently providing assistance to the NTSB in support of the investigation to understand exactly what caused the accident. We've suspended flight test activities on the program until we determine the cause of the accident. In the meantime, we're proceeding with all non-flight related certification and program activities. At this time, we do not have an estimate as to when flight testing might resume or the length of delay in certification or first deliveries. We do remain committed to the Bell 525 program and we'll work to ensure the aircraft will be a safe, reliable and high-performance helicopter. Moving to the quarter, revenues were up 8.1%, reflecting our ongoing investments in both new products and acquisitions. Segment revenue was up at Systems, Industrial, and Aviation, while down at Bell consistent with our expectations. At Bell, we delivered 6 V-22s, flat with last year's second quarter, 9 H-1s, up from six units last year, and 24 commercial helicopters, down from 39 a year ago. On the commercial side, our new 505 Jet Ranger X continues to generate strong interest in the marketplace and certification activities remain on track to support initial deliveries at the end of this year. On the customer service front, during the quarter, we opened a new paint and delivery center in Prague to provide full aircraft completion and delivery capabilities to customers in the region. Moving to the military side of the business, during the second quarter, we received an order for an additional V-22 under the current multi-year contract for delivery to the U.S. Air Force, and earlier this week, we also received an order for four additional V-22s for delivery to Japan and we continue to work with the DoD to identify sufficient quantities, both domestically and internationally, to support a third multi-year contract. We also continue to make progress on assembling our first V-280 aircraft as we reached an important milestone of mating the wing and nacelles to the aircraft fuselage in late April, bringing us one step closer to our scheduled first flight next year. We displayed our full-scale mockup at Farnborough last week and had significant interest from a large number of international customers. Moving to Systems, revenues were up significantly from the first quarter and last year, reflecting international weapons deliveries and higher unmanned aircraft volumes. On the TAPV program at TMLS, we're making final preparations with our Canadian customer to begin deliveries next month. At our Unmanned Systems business, we received a contract for upgrading an additional 24 Shadow systems, which takes us through the end of 2018 for this program. The Shadow system also reached a major milestone during the quarter achieving 1 million hours of in-service operation. Finally, at Systems, earlier this year we acquired a small business located in Newport News, Virginia called Airborne Tactical Advantage Company or ATAC. This business provides tactical flight training and air adversary services to the U.S. Navy, Airforce and Marine Corps using a fleet of 27 fighter and tactical aircraft flown by former U.S. military fighter pilots. During the quarter, ATAC was awarded a new contract with U.S. Navy worth up to $43 million over the next year. ATAC is a great fit for the company as it has significant synergies with a number of our businesses and a good growth outlook as we believe the U.S. DoD and foreign militaries will increasingly rely on third parties to provide live airborne threat training services. Moving to Industrial, we saw an 8.3% increase in revenues, reflecting growth at Kautex and Specialized Vehicles. At Specialized Vehicles, we began shipping our newest Bad Boy Off Road product, the Stampede 900, a recreational 4 x 4 utility vehicle with unmatched power and unrivaled hauling and storage capacity. We expect the Stampede will contribute to top line growth as this product taps into an entirely new market for this business. During the quarter, we also acquired Premier Engineering & Manufacturing, a producer of deicing vehicles for the aviation industry. Premier will be part of our ground and support business, which continues to grow nicely as airlines and airports invest in our infrastructure. At Kautex, we continue to see good volume growth, reflecting ongoing adoption of our Selective Catalytic Reduction product lines. Moving to Textron Aviation, revenues were up $72 million, while profits were down $7 million. The increase in revenues reflected delivery of 45 jets in the quarter compared to 36 last year and 23 King Airs compared to 30 last year. The increase in jets reflected nine Latitudes, including our first delivery to NetJets. The Latitude continues to do well in the market with superior performance, range, comfort, and operating costs, and customer acceptance has been strong, including sales of fractions by NetJets to their own customers. As a result, NetJets increased their total expected contract requirement from 150 units to 200 units and accelerated their delivery schedule. However, launch pricing for the Latitude has been less than what we had hoped for due to competitive dynamics in this segment of the market, resulting in a lower per plane margin contribution. Looking forward, while a large portion of our capacity is currently allocated to NetJets, we continue to see strong end-customer demand, which has translated to improved pricing for second half and next year deliveries. Overall, we believe we're still on track for our Aviation segment profit outlook, although our margins will likely be at the lower end of the range with slightly higher volumes of expected Latitudes. Longitude development continues to progress as we mated the wing and nacelles to the aircraft fuselage on our first aircraft in May and powered the electrical distribution systems three weeks later. We're on track for first flight later this summer and the aircraft continues to generate significant interest as customers anticipate its entry into service late next year. On the Service front, we opened our newest line maintenance station in Bremen, expanding our support offerings in Germany and throughout Europe. Moving to the Scorpion, the program is gaining momentum as we have begun the U.S. DoD accreditation process with this week's signing of a cooperative research and development agreement with United States Air Force. Also, production of the conforming aircraft is nearly complete with first flight expected next month. We believe having the accreditation process underway and the conforming aircraft available for demo flights will help facilitate initial sales of the aircraft. Last week at Farnborough, we also announced that we were selected by the team of QinetiQ and Thales to supply Scorpion jets for their bid on the UK's Air Support to Defense Operational Training program should they win the competition. To sum up, demand in our end markets has been challenging, but we continue to believe that our new products and recent acquisitions will continue to contribute to overall growth in revenue, earnings and cash for the year. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Scott and good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $328 million, up $22 million from the second quarter of 2015 on a $264 million increase in revenues. Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. At Textron Aviation, revenues were up $72 million from this period last year, primarily due to volume and mix. Segment profit was $81 million, down from $88 million a year ago, primarily reflecting an unfavorable impact from the mix of products sold in the period. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1.1 billion, $122 million higher than at the end of the first quarter. Moving to Bell, revenues were down $46 million, primarily due to volume and mix. Segment profit decreased $20 million from the second quarter of 2015 reflecting the lower volume and mix. At Textron Systems, revenues were up $165 million, primarily due to higher volumes in our Weapons and Sensors and Unmanned product lines. Segment profit was up $39 million, reflecting the higher volumes and mix. Industrial revenues increased $77 million due to higher overall volumes and the impact of acquisitions. Segment profit increased $13 million, reflecting the higher volumes. Finance segment revenues decreased $4 million and profit decreased $3 million. Moving below the segment line, corporate expenses were $31 million compared to $33 million last year. Interest expense was $37 million, up $5 million from last year. On the tax front, the Internal Revenue Service approved a settlement on July 11 of our 1998 to 2008 tax years. As a result, in the third quarter we expect to record an income tax benefit including the reversal of accrued interest of approximately $315 million, of which approximately $200 million, or $0.74 per share, is attributable to continuing operations. The settlement results in an immaterial net benefit to consolidated cash during the year. To wrap up with guidance, we are reiterating our expected full-year EPS from continuing operations of $2.60 to $2.80 per share exclusive of the tax settlement. We also continue to expect cash flow from continuing operations of the manufacturing group before pension contributions of $600 million to $700 million. That concludes our prepared remarks. So, Stacy, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. And our first question will go to Carter Copeland with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Carter.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Scott, I wondered if you could speak to the Aviation margin. I know you talked about last quarter when we did the incremental math, the Longitude R&D being elevated ahead of that first flight. Can you quantify how much of an impact that would have had on the incremental this quarter?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Carter, it did have incremental impact for sure. It wasn't probably quite as significant as it was in the first quarter. I would say probably most importantly from an R&D standpoint, in the first half Aviation had pretty high levels of spending, and that really was largely around getting ready for the Longitude first flights and flight test programs. So we've incurred an awful lot of R&D. So our total year number is still going to be about what we thought it was, but there will be a significant reduction in the second half, just associated with the fact that we're just about complete with the high spending load on the Longitude program.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And on the pricing impact you talked about on Latitude, what gives you the confidence that the pricing improves as you exit this year and into next year?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, the fact that we already have a lot of aircraft sold, and so we're looking at actuals in terms of the realized pricing that we're seeing in the second half of the year and going into 2017 versus the pricing that we had realized on the aircraft that were already shipped in the first and second quarter. So there's no change in the NetJet pricing. That's a fixed number through the period. But when you look at retail aircraft sales, whole (12:31) aircraft sales to end customers, what's already in our book is higher in the back half of the year and into 2017 than what we've experienced in the first half of the year.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Just wanted to make sure it was in the backlog. Thanks. I'll let somebody else ask.
Operator: And we'll go to Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Good morning. Thank you. Just wondered on the Aviation side of things. So, I guess, if you look classically, you do have a very healthy second half versus first-half margin ramp. Should we take from your prepared comments that the margins in the back half are flattish year-on-year with the second half of last year in that segment?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Oh, I'm sorry, Julian. I haven't looked, I guess, in the numbers in front of me just in terms of the comparable from 2015 to 2016 on the second half. But, certainly incrementally as we usually see, you can certainly expect better margin rates as we go through the second half of the year versus the first, in part driven by the fact that we normally have higher volumes and we would certainly expect to see that. But, also as I mentioned, we'll have lower R&D spending as well within that segment.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. But you still think you can get to about 8.5% for the year as a whole in Aviation?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you. And then on Bell, just very quickly, any color you could provide there on the trends in the commercial side, particularly after market, and I guess there as well, the margins year-to-date running at sort of the low-end of the original full year guide. Should we expect a sort of second half pick up in that?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think we will have a second half pick up. Look, the end markets in the commercial helicopter business remain very challenging. What's most critical for us, obviously, is around our 412s. I think we still have a reasonable line of sight on meeting where we need to be this year on 412s. As I kind of mentioned on the last quarter, we think there's some  a number of opportunities out there that we're working on, which hopefully will give us some better visibility into the future. But at least in terms of how we think the year will close out at Bell for 2016, I think it'll be consistent with our expectations.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Jason Gursky with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey, Scott. Good morning. Just wondering if you could just walk us around the world and talk about demands, generally speaking, across your varied segments in North America and Europe, and then maybe over into the Middle East and Asia?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think if you look to the Aviation business Jason, the U.S. remains, probably, the strongest market. We've seen, particularly, earlier in the year a little bit of an uptick in Europe, which has been encouraging. Obviously, we saw a fair bit of dislocation here everywhere in the world in the last few weeks of the quarter with the whole reaction to Brexit. I don't think any of that is actually fundamental at a macro level with Brexit, but just the upset in the financial markets create a lot of uncertainty which kind of froze things up. But, I think other than that we've seen a bit of a strengthening in Europe. South America is still very difficult. I think there's some opportunities that are starting to show in some places, like Argentina, that are starting to improve modestly, but Brazil, most of the economies down there are still very, very challenged. Middle East, there's activity certainly across most of our businesses, but again, it's a challenging environment. The conflict or wars that are going on down there have a lot of the governments fairly distracted and focused on pretty immediate needs as opposed to much in the way of long-term work. But there certainly are opportunities that are in the works. That Southeast Asia, frankly, is probably one of the healthiest on the international markets in terms of opportunity. There's  economies are a little more diversified and are doing okay. China continues to be okay for us. It's not the strength of the growth maybe that it was the past, but it's certainly, generally speaking, solid particularly in the Aviation segment. So, automotive, I think our numbers fairly well match what you see going on in the world. The European market actually has been kind of stronger. North America has had general strength, but there's more strength in the larger vehicles, in the trucks and the high end than there are in some of the smaller models, just, I think, reflecting the price of gas. So, I don't think that you were seeing anything, probably, that would surprise you a lot versus just what's going on in general in terms of what GDP looks like in these various regions.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. And then, Scott, you made some comments about conversations with customers on the Longitude. I'm just wondering if you could give us a little flavor for how you think pricing is going to shape up in that, given the fact that we had goalposts moved on us a little bit here on the Latitude? And what kind of customer mix are you expecting here out of the gate on the Longitude? Are we going to be selling into the fractional advantage or is this more directly into customers on a one-off basis?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think at this point we expect it to be primarily just end-use customers on the Longitude. We've had, kind of, our normal customers have been in to Wichita pretty extensively looking at the aircraft. As you may recall, we had a full, not just a mockup, but a full aircraft that we displayed last year, and we kept that aircraft at the plant. We've had lots of people coming in to look at it. And with respect to pricing, I think our challenge on Latitude is that our competitor in that space has two aircraft, right. One which is a little bit of the smaller aircraft, which is really what we thought we would end up competing with, with the Latitude. That was sort of our intention. And then they've got a larger aircraft, and those two aircraft have created a pricing problem. And I think our performance and our range, were far superior to the smaller aircraft, which is where we wanted to be, but they're just kind of using the larger aircraft to try to compete with us. And that's really what's generated a lot of the pricing problem. When you look at Longitude, that's kind of a combination now where you have the much larger aircraft and, frankly, performance and range that I think will distinguish us very nicely from where the competition is. And so, certainly our expectation is that we have a much better pricing position because we can distance ourselves in terms of the performance and capability of that aircraft, and there's not another aircraft the competitor has sitting on top of that to try to bring down on price to compete with it.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Sam.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hey. I was surprised that you guys didn't buy any stock in this quarter. And I know at the end of the last quarter you only had about 4.5 million shares left in your authorization. So, can you talk a little bit about, philosophically, how you're dealing with that? And then typically when does the board look at that as to whether you need to expand the buyback?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Sam, we did an awful lot of buying in the first quarter, so we did back off a little bit on the second quarter. But I wouldn't attribute it to the share shelf that's sitting there. We still do have 4.5 or so million available under that. But if we thought it was the right thing to do, we've had these discussions with the board, and there'd be no problem going back and extending that authorization. So it's just  we haven't officially taken that action because we still have enough that's available to exercise under the previous authorizations that we haven't taken up formal board action. But, obviously, there would have to be a discussion with the board. We have had preliminary discussions, and I wouldn't expect that that would be an issue.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then on the Aviation side, the $120 million or so increase in the backlog, is that driven by any particular products or any way to look into that and say, there's a trend there?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we're trying, Sam, not to go model by model in terms of backlog. But it would be a pretty safe assumption that Latitude is driving the bulk of that.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Noah.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Scott, I don't know how far or deep you'll go, but I just wanted to stay on that last question, if possible. It would be really helpful to be able to understand. We see the headline backlog in the headline book-to-bill being better in the quarter. It'd be great to understand how much of that is NetJets Latitude aircraft folding into the backlog, as you've said, you'll do it carefully, versus something at Beech versus just pure underlying regular old business jet?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, no. Again, I don't think we want to get into the specifics on a model by model basis when we haven't done that in quite some time. But, look, I think it's not just NetJet. I think we've been pretty open about the fact that Latitude is selling well. And our expectations for the year was that the overall market would be generally fairly flattish from last year in terms of most of the model types, and most of the growth would be driven by the big new product introduction, which in this case this year is Latitude. And so I think that expectation is kind of what we're seeing. We are seeing good demand on the Latitude, both on the NetJet as well as on the retail side. And other models are selling fine; they're selling consistent with how we expected. Some models are stronger than others, but in general, the volume on the jet side is what we expected and the thing that's driving the upside in terms of growth on a year-over-year basis. And then we would continue to expect to see that as we roll into next year is based on Latitude. And so the bulk of that increase in backlog, I would say, is going to be attributed to that, both NetJet and retail sales.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. I understand the desire to not get into specific aircraft, but just the NetJet situation alone is pretty unique. And if there were zero NetJets brought into backlog versus if there were 15 to 20, it's a difference between a book-to-bill of 1.1 and of 0.8. It just kind of makes a big difference. I don't know if you guys would consider breaking that out today or in the future or whatever. But...
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Look, Noah, we're not trying to do this on purpose. This is (23:23) competitively very important, I think. I think our competitors and whatnot would love to know which aircraft have what kind of backlog. And I, we can give you guys the absolute number. We can give you the color around sort of where it's going, but I don't think I need to damage the business by providing my competitors a lot of information on where we stand on sales of which aircraft.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. I understand. What's your sense, Scott, of why market-wide used inventory is now back on an upward trend in business jet?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, on a personal note, in total, it is. For the numbers, I'm sure I read all the stuff that you guys read, but there's an awful lot of mix down within that, right? I would say that if you look at our aircraft and, particularly, in that light mid-size, it's been relatively stable. And, frankly, the market's healthy. So the amount of turn, the number of sales that are going on has been fine. So when we look at the amount of used aircraft sales that we had in a quarter versus the previous quarter, it's up. We see the number of transactions that are in our space, involving our aircraft seem to be doing fine. And we see relatively stable residual values. So there's different dynamics, obviously, in terms of what sizes of aircraft and there are different markets. Right? I mean, the heavy iron market behaves differently than the light jet market. So actually for us and for our customers that are looking to sell used aircraft, buy used aircraft, it's been pretty stable, both pricing and volume.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And, Noah, just to be clear, the availability of used Citations is not up on a percentage basis. It's down slightly from where it was at the first quarter.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Right. And that's kind of what I'm saying. There's just a lot of variability from aircraft model by model, sizes of aircraft, that you really have to go through all the details. But I think in the Citation side, we haven't seen much change. It looks fine.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Just finally, then, with all of that and everything today, and it being a little more than halfway through this year, where would you pin the likelihood of up versus flat versus down Cessna production next year?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Oh, I'm probably not quite ready to do 2017 yet, Noah. But, we certainly feel like, our view has been generally that markets are fairly flat, but new products matter. And that's what we saw last year, that's what we're seeing this year. We're not ready to do 2017 guidance. Obviously, we still feel very good about where the Latitude is in the market and its trend in terms of its demand. And obviously as we get into next year, we'll hit Longitude towards the latter part of the year. So I think that'll help us as well. But, again, I think that'll be positive. Longitude will be positive. Latitude will be positive. It's too early to make a call on just the base market, I guess.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President-Investor Relations: Are you on mute, George?
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Good morning.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, George.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Scott, I wanted to try and pin you down a little bit more on R&D. It was up $11 million, I think, in the first quarter. You said it was up less this quarter, though I kind of figured maybe $5 million. And then do we get a $5 million or $10 million drop in each of the subsequent quarters for the rest of the year?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's about right, George.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Pardon?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's about right.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Okay. And then, Frank, what was the aftermarket growth in the Aviation sector?
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It was good. It was kind of high single digits type year-over-year.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: So that's a step up from what we've been seeing as more mid-single digits in the prior quarters?
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, we also had  I think we were healthy on our historic organic side of the business, and of course we also have Able, which is in the Aviation Services business, which is still coming in as an M&A transaction on a year-over-year basis. And that business is doing well.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Okay. And the weaker King Airs in the quarter, Scott, is that just how it fell in the quarter? Or are you seeing impact from oil affecting King Air demand?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean, there's a little bit of that, George. I'm not sure that it's just specifically oil and gas. But the King Air has had a strong international marketplace, is a big part of that business, and it's a good part of the business. And it has certainly been a little bit weaker in the first half of the year. And we've, obviously, made some accommodation for that and think it'll be a little bit weaker than we'd like it to be. But again, I think that's mostly driven by a lot of international markets that are just a little softer right now.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: And lastly, you mentioned talking about pricing up across the product line. Is that pretty much across all the products? Is it more the lower end products versus the higher end? Wonder if you can expand a little bit more on that.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Our product pricing in general, George, has been pretty flat. There's been a couple of models where we've seen a little bit of price. There are a couple of models that are a little bit  at any rate, they're really very small variances on a year-over-year basis or quarter-to-quarter basis. So I would say right now pricing by and large is fairly stable on most of the models.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Okay. But you commented that pricing's better in the second half of the year...
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, specifically the Latitude. Yeah, the Latitude is the one that as we work into the second half of the year we're seeing increased price that's already largely booked on that product line. So there has definitely been a positive pricing trend on Latitude.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Doug, you're sounding awfully happy this morning. It must be because you're retiring. So congratulations on that.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Myles, and that would be one factor.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So could you touch on the pricing comment you made, Scott, with respect to the second half of this year and into next year? You're not carrying much of a backlog. So how much visibility do you actually have on pricing into 2017?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think, obviously, it's mixed across the model. The one that we're largely commenting around where we feel like we've seen some nice positive momentum on the pricing side is specific around Latitude. And that product is pretty well spoken for at this point.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Outside of the NetJet. So from individual buyers, you have pretty good visibility into 2017?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Correct. Certainly through the balance of this year and just starting now as we're selling into 2017.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then as we look at the Systems margins, obviously, really good performance there. Were there any positive adjustments outside of just pure mix?
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President-Investor Relations: We had a small EAC (30:50), but it wasn't major.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Not material relative to what we normally see.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Right. No. It's primarily driven by the fact that, as you guys know, the Weapons and Sensors business has a tendency to be sort of lumpy, right, because we build at a relatively stable level. But lot acceptance is typical with a lot of international customers. So a lot of the positive margins are the fact that we had significant uptick in volume in the quarter.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And good execution performance by the team in terms of getting it done and doing it productively.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And the only other one. So just a run rate cleanup on interest expense, the tick there up. Is that the new run rate? Or is $133 million still a good planning number for the year?
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: $135 million-ish type number for the year.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Sounds good. Thanks.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much, and good morning. Just to follow up on Systems with the small acquisition that you mentioned there, the strong margin in the quarter. Can you quantify what the acquisition contributed? And would you say that your expectation for sales and EBIT there is higher than it was at the beginning of the year?
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: The acquisition didn't play a whole lot into this thing. As you would expect in the initial year of a deal like that, there's step-up. There's the normal accounting for shares. So I would say it's relatively neutral impact on 2016. And we certainly expect it to be a nice accretive contributor in 2017 and on.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Okay. And then with regard to cash flow, you told us in the past to expect the cash flow to be fairly back half weighted. Could you, is there any way to calibrate our expectations? There's a lot of cash coming in in the second half to calibrate our expectations for Q3 versus Q4?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I'm not sure we want to get into a quarter-by-quarter, but we certainly still feel confident with the numbers that we provided in terms of the overall year guidance. We've talked in the past. We know we have a headwind associated with customer deposits, largely the military payments that are unwinding through the course of the year. So those have been unwinding as we've gone through the first half of the year, and generally speaking for us, will serve to offset an awful lot of that in Q3 and Q4 as we see working capital reductions and a loss of inventory through volume, largely in Aviation and Bell as we go through the balance of the year. And TAPV, of course, which remember, we don't start deliveries of those units here until August. So that's a fair bit of inventory that we've been carrying that we'll see a significant reduction in Q3 and Q4.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And we're obviously always seasonally stronger in Q4, if you just look historically given the volumes that we see in Q4.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. Thank you very much.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go now to Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila K. Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Good morning, guys.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Sheila K. Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Just on Bell profitability in terms of margins going forward, does it remain at about a 10% rate if we assume commercial helicopters doesn't recover for some time?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Sheila, that's what we've talked about is probably being in that 10% to 11% range. And an awful lot of that will have to do with where we are as usual on the commercial side on 412s. Again, I think we feel pretty good about where we are for 2016. And we'll have a lot more visibility as we get to the end of the year to be able to provide guidance on where we think that will be in 2017. But at least so far, for this year, we'll finish where we expect to be.
Sheila K. Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Got it. And then just one on the broader military opportunity set, if you could talk about that a little bit, whether it's the V-22 or the Scorpion both domestically and internationally, and how you think about the programs and opportunities there?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, the V-22, obviously, has made some progress with the Japanese deal. And those orders now are firming up and coming in, being exercised either under the multi-year two contract or as some of the potential volume in a multi-year three deal. There continue to be a number of conversations with international customers that are going on. I certainly still think that Israel is a potential. That was talked about for quite a while and sort of moved out. And there's still uncertainty around that, but I think there are still conversations going on which are, at this point, very much government to government. The same is true with a couple of other countries, and so those are things, however, that would all be talked about in the context of a multi-year three. So it's not something that's going to hit here in the next couple of years. The only ones we'll see really will probably be Japan in that near term. So there's certainly a lot of other discussion and opportunities, dialogue, going on, some which is public, some which is not, around H-1s. The H-1 is performing fabulously for the Marine Corps. It's both the utility and the attack versions of that are in the quote process and proposal processes for several potential international applications. So we'll be following that pretty closely. Scorpion is still very much a wild card. It was a huge milestone for us to have the Air Force sign up to do the accreditation program. That just happened this past week. We've had, as you know, a number of international customers that have been looking at the aircraft. And there really have been two issues for them. One is, how are you going to get this thing certified so that they can provide their certification on top of it. And not unreasonably, customers want to fly the production fully conforming aircraft. We have the accreditation path checked off, and here in the next month or so, we'll be flying the first production configured aircraft. So, our customers are already talking about when they're going to be able to come in and get a chance to fly the aircraft. So two big milestones, boxes that we needed to check to get done before we can proceed with final sales of the aircraft.
Sheila K. Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: And just on the Scorpion, do you think international or domestic order is more likely?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, international has always been the focus of the aircraft for sure. And so those are the deals that we've been pursuing and working and staying close to those customers for a while. Look, I think there is U.S. opportunity at some point. I think, and there's been some papers here written recently. The Air Force is sort of facing into the reality in the U.S. that cost matters and they need more aircraft that guys can fly and build hours. And frankly, a lot of missions that can be executed that don't need to have very, very, very high end fighter capability. But those requirements I think are still in early formative stages within the U.S. And so I think we'll see how that plays out here over the next year or two.
Sheila K. Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Ok. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton. Please go ahead.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Good morning, guys. A couple quick program questions. Scott, on the T-6, you guys have delivered about 22 year-to-date. I'm wondering if you're thinking you'll hit 40 for the full year, because that would make it kind of flat year-over-year. And I was actually thinking it would trend down, because I think U.S. deliveries are over. So just wondering what your thoughts are on that program going forward.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Pete, I think it will be fairly flat for the year. The U.S. program is winding down. But we've had a couple of international programs that we won which will fill out the year. So I think 2016 feels fairly solid, and deliveries will be exactly where we expected them to be.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay. And then just last one for me. Sensor Fuzed Weapon, I think there was some news in the quarter that the State Department was actually considering blocking a sale to Saudi. I was wondering if you heard the same thing, what your thoughts were, if that's real or not. And I know this is a lumpy program, but I think Saudi was one of the meaningful customers. So just to raise a question in my mind there.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, they're not a current customer. They're a prospective customer for sure. They have been a customer in the past. But basically, Pete, you're right. There's a lot of issues going on between the State Department, NSC, and what's going on over the Middle East, and that is certainly, as a minimum, delaying getting approvals. Whether that breaks loose and ultimately is approved or whether it's not is still to be determined. But there's certainly an interest on their part. It's been notified to Congress in the past. It was approved through that notification process, but now going back through and getting the approvals through State, it is hung up at this point.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay. Okay. That's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Justin Bergner with Gabelli & Company. Please go ahead. Mr. Bergner, your line is open. And we'll go to Cai von Rumohr with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you very much. And, Doug, too young a man to retire. So you guys had very nice results at Systems, and that's even without any shipments of TAPV that come here, in here in the second half. On paper, it looks like Systems might have some upside. Is that a potential?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't know, Cai. It's probably too early to say one or the other. You know that the SFW side, in particular, can be kind of lumpy just because of the way those deliveries happen. It was a very strong quarter for that business. TAPV will certainly kick in here in Q3 and Q4 as we expected that it would. But, again, it is built into our plan. Right? We did expect the TAPVs to be Q3 and Q4. So it was a very good quarter for that team. I think they're going to deliver a very solid year. But right now, my expectation is it'll be consistent with what we guided.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And then alternatively, when you look at Bell, you had a very strong military shipment in the first half, and that looks like it's going to be weaker in the second half. And commercial, again, was weak in the first half. Has to get better in the second half to kind of get you home. My understanding was that commercial margins were lower than military margins, so is there much risk at Bell that, that mix that you come in at the low-end or a little below it?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean, the mix is different even in the commercial world, model by model, Cai. I think that our military margins are solid and will stay that way through the balance of the year. I mean, we're delivering the same V-22s and H-1s that we delivered in the first half. So I think that business is in good shape and they'll deliver to our expectations. I do think we'll be lighter on some of the commercial volume and total number than we would've expected at the beginning of the year. But it's largely in a lot of the lighter helicopters, which on the initial equipment sale is not as material to the business as others. Now those aircraft, of course, turn into a lot of service opportunities. So I mean, net, the margins in the commercial side are still good because of all the service that those aircraft pull through with them. But to be light in terms of volume on some of the lighter aircraft will not have a meaningful impact within the year. In the end it all comes down, largely, to the larger aircraft, and particularly the 412s, and I think we're on track to do that. And those are more heavily laid into the back half of the year.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: Got it. And then switching to Aviation, so you mentioned the better pricing for Latitude in the second half. Talk to us a bit about the productivity. Does the profitability improve? Because presumably you're coming down the learning curve as time goes by. So should we expect the profitability of Latitude to improve going forward?
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, I mean, I...
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. I think that in general it will. There's always a little bit of startup cost and variances and whatnot in the early model years. The team has done a nice job on cost, frankly. The aircraft is coming in around the cost where we expected it to be. Is there still some benefit to be had? Certainly. And especially since we have, for the first time in a long time, a fairly significant volume of aircraft, which are to the same configuration, that being NetJets, obviously, which will help. So obviously the guys in the factory are focused on that and trying to drive some incremental productivity and efficiency around that. So we'll see some benefit from that. And I think in part, that'll help us with some of our margin rates as we go into the back half of the year.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: Got it. And then could you conjecture, when you look at the Longitude, when in the second half it might deliver? Does it look like it's very late in the year or could really have any sort of meaningful impact in terms of next year?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's largely going to be a fourth quarter issue, Cai. I don't know that we really want to guide too much on it, yet. We're still  we haven't started the flight test program yet. We still have to go through the certification progress with the FAA. So having not yet started flight test, it's probably a little bit early to get a sense of where we are in that process and what the exact schedule will come out to be, but it's easily a year flight test program, right? So you're talking about something that would probably be, best case, late third quarter, probably into fourth quarter.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: Well, that's why I ask, because when do you expect to fly? Because usually I would expect to take at least a year to kind of get the thing certified. So there would be some risk that it might slip out of 2017?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: There is some risk to that, of course. But, again, Cai, we're thinking we're going to be flying here in the next couple of months. So a year flight test program, that kind of puts you at the end of third quarter, beginning of fourth quarter, and as you know, we've been able on other models and programs to get certifications done in that kind of a timeframe and make some deliveries shortly thereafter. So there is still  there's certainly a reasonable probability that we'll see fourth quarter sales of Longitude next year. Worst case, there's a few month delay, then for sure it could roll into the beginning of 2018, but again, we'll know an awful lot more when we get around to really doing 2017 guidance because we'll be months into flight test and have a better feeling for where we are.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Justin Bergner with Gabelli & Company. Please go ahead.
Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Good morning, guys. I'm sorry about not being there when I was first in the queue earlier.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No problem.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Two quick questions. First, on this tax impact, will there ultimately be a benefit to Textron from a cash point of view related to this $315 million, and $0.74 from continuing operations?
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: There will be a little bit of cash inflow associated with it, but it's not material, as we said in the comments. I think obviously the big cash impact is that the avoidance of kind of paying what we had accrued on the books here, obviously, which we always expected, but had the reserves for over a substantial period of time. But there will be some cash inflow associated with it, but it's not material.
Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Okay. Great. And I know the call hasn't focused as much on Bell, but are you seeing a bottoming in the commercial rotorcraft market, or are you still seeing incremental weakness as you look out to the second half of the year?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I don't know. It's very hard to say, I certainly hope it's a bottom. It's pretty tough out there.
Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Okay. What sort of are you looking for on the Bell side to get more confident that you've reached a bottom on the commercial side?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, obviously, not to be too simplistic about it, but orders, right? We're talking to a lot of our customers, obviously, and we have a sense of where they are. Oil and gas obviously remains very difficult, right? You've got, some of these guys are in bankruptcy. You've got a lot of their fleet that's sitting on the ground. They're just not being utilized. Now the oil and gas cycle is in all likelihood exactly that, a cycle, right? So we've seen a rebounding of the price of oil, but not back to where it probably needs to be for them to feel better. It's starting to probably impact possibly in some regions of the world where $50 or so is  you can extract and be profitable at that. There's certainly other parts of the world where it needs to be significantly higher than that to make them feel like that end customers going to start getting stronger. And of course a lot of these economies  they're just oil and gas petrodollar-based. So their economies will get healthier as that price per barrel rebounds, but we don't really have a great sense at this point what that lag is between where those rebounds and pricing and how quickly that'll flow through to having the ability to invest in their fleets or in general in those economies for people to feel comfortable to start laying out the funding for significant CapEx kind of projects. But anyway, I wish I had a very prudent answer for you, but we talk to customers every day. Our team's out there working it. We kind of know pretty much every opportunity in the world that's out there. It's just a matter of seeing some of the stuff start to convert to orders. And it's been soft. I mean, you see that in the volumes in the quarter, and I'd be misleading if I thought it was going to, all of a sudden, materially improve to affect the second half of this year, which is why I would say I would expect unit volumes to be down sort of from where we would've expected them to be, but not with significant financial impact for the year. Again, in terms of how we look out any further than that, that's something we'll have to work on and factor that into how we guide for 2017. And that will depend a lot on just sort of the general outlook of what those conversations are like for customers and, in particular, a number of opportunities out there that are fairly significant that will materialize or not between now and the end of the year.
Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Great. Thanks for taking my questions and for that perspective on the helicopter market.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. No problem.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Jason Gursky with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey, guys. I wanted to get back onto congratulate Doug, publicly, on his retirement, first and foremost. And then secondly, Scott, just ask you to offer up some perspective on the M&A pipeline at this point in cash deployment going forward?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I'd say on the M&A front, most of what we've done this year have been relatively small add-on transactions. And I think that's something that we continue to look at. There's a number there in the pipeline that are relatively small. We like doing those deals. In general, they've been attractive for us. They've played out very well in terms of returns and financials as they built into the business. And so our expectations is that's probably how things will continue to play out through the balance of the year. There's always stuff we're looking at, but at this point, there's nothing out there that's of any materiality that's something I would say, hey, guys, here's something we're looking at or doing. But we have a number of things that we're always looking at and whether one of those could happen in the balance of the year or not is still to be determined. In general, our capital allocation strategy is, kind of, unchanged. We reserve and kind of target a certain amount of our allocation to M&A. But again, it's all totally opportunistic. Right? If it's the right kind of deals and we think it's good, we'll do them. If we don't, then obviously we don't do them. So...
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks.
Operator: We'll go to George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Yes, just a couple of quick ones. On the Sovereign, we've seen the deliveries get pretty low. I mean, is it really just getting cannibalized from the Latitude? And kind of what's your outlook for the Sovereign?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So there is certainly some cannibalization, George, between the Sovereign Plus and the Latitude. The aircrafts are similar in some respects. I mean, it's really a trade-off between the size of the cabin versus the number of passengers and range. So if you are looking and your requirement is to do a little bit of a longer haul and you need to put more packs on board, then the Sovereign's a great airplane, and that's why we still sell them. And we have a number of customers that still looking at acquiring the Sovereign because it's great for that mission and it continues to be a great aircraft in that area. If you don't quite need the range and you don't quite need the number of passengers, but you want to go with that larger cabin, then the Latitude's a great choice. And I think what you're seeing is that we have a fair number of customers that will give up a few hundred nautical miles and don't need to have the higher passenger count, and they'll err on the side of the Latitude. So from our perspective, they're both selling. Certainly, with the Latitude being new, it is generating a little bit more demand, which was exactly what we expected. And certainly some of those customers, if you went back two years ago, may have been people that would've bought a Latitude. But it's good having them both in the portfolio. It gives us the ability to work with the customer and say, what's your mission, and which one fits your mission better? And that's kind of where we're continuing to sell.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Okay. And on the A-10, Scott, you're still figuring that, that's kind of 6 to 10 a year in terms of the demand there?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think the A-10, with just the market dynamic out there, George, is just a relatively thin market. It's a great aircraft. We still have customers that absolutely love the airplane. So we still see some demand, but it's going to be a small number.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Okay. And then one quick one for you, Frank. Kautex, I don't think they have a huge amount of exposure to the UK. But with the devaluation of the pound happening towards the end of the quarter probably didn't have a big impact this quarter. How much of an impact do you look for in the third quarter?
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, there's a little bit of an impact, George, but it's not that material on an overall basis. It will be a little bit of headwind, but not that much.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Okay. Thanks very much again.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President-Investor Relations: All right. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our call. And for me, it concludes my 65th earnings call. So I want to say thank you to all you fine analysts and investors and a shout out to one person who has listened to 65 of these, and that would be my wife, Becky. So all the best.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This conference will be available for replay after 10:00 a.m. today running through October 19 till midnight. You may access the AT&T Replay System at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 or 1-320-365-3844, and when prompted enter the access code of 373339. Those numbers again, 1-800-475-6701 or 1-320-365-3844, access code 373339. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-20 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Wilburne - VP of IR Scott Donnelly - Chairman and CEO Frank Connor - CFO
Analysts: Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company Robert Stallard - RBC Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies Jason Gursky - Citi Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton Carter Copeland - Barclays Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse George Shapiro - Shapiro Research Seth Seifman - JPMorgan Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Justin Bergner - Gabelli & Company Ronald Epstein - Bank of America Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Textron First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Doug Wilburne. Please go ahead.
Doug Wilburne: Thanks, Greg and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, Id like to mention, we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO, and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Textrons revenues in the quarter were $3.2 billion, up $128 million from last years first quarter. Income from continuing operations was $0.55 per share, up 19.6% from $0.46 reported in last years first quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was a $222 million use of cash compared to $125 million use of cash in last years first quarter. With that, Ill turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Doug and good morning, everybody. Revenues were up 4.2% in the quarter, reflecting the success of our strategy of investing for growth, both in new products and acquisitions. Segment revenue was up in Industrial, Aviation and Systems, while essentially flat at Bell, consistent with our expectations. At Bell, we delivered 6 V-22s, flat with last years first quarter, 10 H-1s, up four units from last year and 30 commercial helicopters, down from 35 a year ago. On the commercial side, we had a good showing at HELI-EXPO, where we displayed actual flight test articles of our new 525 Relentless and 505 Jet Ranger, though both of which generated significant interest. At the show, we signed a letter of intent for 10 525s with Guangxi Diwang Group, a Chinese investment company. More recently, we also signed an LOI with PT Whitesky Aviation, an Indonesian operator for 30 505s. Development on both programs are proceeding well. The three test 505 helicopters are completed over 700 test hours with certification and first deliveries expected later this year. The 525 has two aircraft and flight test, with a third unit expected to enter soon. The aircraft is meeting or exceeding all of its performance objectives, including having demonstrated a top speed in excess of 200 knots. The effectiveness of 525s integrated fly-by-wire design has been evident during the testing by the aircraft superior in flight handling, maneuverability and stability. Combined, these factors should significantly contribute to the value of this aircraft for our customers. At HAI, we also announced the new Bell customer advantage plan or CAP which provides our customers the opportunity to lock in predictable cost effective maintenance for their aircraft. Our CAP product delivers broad cover solutions for our customers daily operation, which in turn protects the value of their investment, while increasing aircraft availability. We were also named number 1 helicopter service and support for the 22nd consecutive year by Pro Pilot Magazine. On the H-1 front, we have received recent orders from the DoD for 61 additional units, including 9 FMS units for Pakistan. This takes production through the first quarter 2019. The remaining US DoD program of record and significant introduction of foreign military demand provide a solid long-term outlook for this program. Moving to Systems, revenues were up modestly primarily driven by higher unmanned systems volumes. During the quarter at Textron Marine and Land Systems we received $174 million contract for five additional Ship-to-Shore units to be delivered in 2020. Earlier this month, we were also awarded a contract for 60 COMMANDO Select armored vehicles to be delivered this year in Iraq and Colombia. On the Canadian TAPV program we're on track for deliveries beginning in the third quarter as we successfully completed the customer reliability testing program two weeks ago. At TRU Simulation + Training we were just awarded another contract by Boeing to design and manufacture simulators for their newest twin-aisle airplane the 777x.  Moving to Industrial, we saw 9.2% increase in revenue reflecting our continued investments. During the quarter at specialized vehicles, we launched our newest Bad Boy product, the Onslaught 550, a mid-size 4 by 4 ATV. At Jake we announced the HR700 which is the worlds first 14 foot wide rotary mower providing increased productivity for our professional turf care customers. At Tools and Test new products in our look electric utility space are driving significant growth in this category. At Kautex, our selective catalytic reduction products and geographic expansion drove growth in excess of global vehicle production rates.  Moving to Textron Aviation, we delivered 34 jets in the quarter compared to 33 last year and 26 King Airs compared to 25 last year. Our sales success affirms that our strategy of investing in new products is resonating with aircraft buyers. During the first quarter we also received European certification for the Latitude as well as the ProLiant Fusion equipped King Air 250 and 350. Advanced sales of Latitude fractionals by NetJets to their end customers have been going very well and we look forward to starting deliveries of the new aircraft later this summer.  To sum up, we had a good start to the year as demand in our end markets finished the quarter generally consistent with what we were expecting. Operationally we also had another good quarter as we achieved margin improvements at each of our manufacturing segments. We continue to believe that we will be able to generate solid overall growth in revenue, earnings and cash this year. And with that I will turn the call over to Frank. 
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $280 million, up $21 million from the first quarter of 2015 on a $128 million increase in revenues. Lets review how each of the segments contributed starting with Textron Aviation. At Textron Aviation, revenues were up $40 million from this period last year primarily due to higher jet volume. Segment profit was $73 million, up from $67 million a year ago. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1 billion; $47 million lower than at the end of the fourth quarter Moving to Bell, revenues were essentially flat as higher military revenues offset lower commercial revenues. Segment profit increased $6 million from the first quarter of 2015 primarily due to improved performance. At Systems, revenues were up $9 million primarily due to higher unmanned systems volumes while segment profit was up $1 million. Industrial revenues increased $80 million due to higher overall volumes and the impact of acquisitions. Segment profit increased $9 million also reflecting the higher volumes and the impact of acquisitions. Finance segment revenues decreased $2 million and profit decreased $1 million. Moving below the segment line, corporate expenses were $32 million compared to $43 million last year reflecting the impact of a lower stock price on our share based compensation expense. Interest expense was $33 million, flat from last year. During the quarter we issued $350 million in 10-year notes at a rate of 4%. This was effectively prefunding the retirement of $250 million in 4.625 notes that are set to mature in September. We also repurchased 6.2 million shares of stock during the quarter returning $215 million in cash to shareholders. To wrap up with guidance, we are confirming our expected full year EPS from continuing operations of $2.60 to $2.80 a share and cash flow from continuing operations of the manufacturing group before pension contributions of $600 million to $700 million. This concludes our prepared remarks So, Greg, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr from Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes, thank you very much. So your aviation volume was up, but your inventory step up was down. Maybe give us some color in terms of why the profitability wasnt a little bit better?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Cai, I think you look at the first quarter, the revenue increase was fairly modest. So in terms of leverage, we are talking about sort of what I recall the lot of small numbers. We I think that had pretty good execution by the team. We had an awful lot of R&D spending frankly as we are getting ready to do the first Longitude flight here coming up in the early part of this summer. And so even with the step up, as you note in there, which was probably $5 million, $6 million something like that. That was more than offset by a fair bit of R&D spending to get ready for the Longitude. So there is nothing fundamentally different. I dont think -- the mix obviously was more biased towards Latitudes than some of our legacy aircraft, but thats something we expected and kind of talked about in the context of our overall guidance for the segment leverage for the year, and I think thats what were seeing kind of play through.
Cai von Rumohr: And then a last follow up, so should we assume that the Latitude is a mix negative in terms of your shipment? And also could you comment on the level of used aircraft losses if any? 
Scott Donnelly: Yes, I think  as we talked about, I think the Latitude mix will be a slight drag in terms of our normal gross margin flow through. We expect obviously that should improve over time. Its still a good product for us, but its a little bit lower on the mix side and some of our other aircraft at this point. You know, used aircraft, there were some losses in the quarter, but they were de minimis, I mean, they are not a material number. 
Cai von Rumohr: Thank you. 
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from RBC. Please go ahead. 
Robert Stallard: Thanks guys, good morning. Scott, there has been a lot of negativity in the last couple of months by the business jet demand environment. Used inventories seem to have gone up, pricing softened. I was wondering what [indiscernible] we are seeing out there in terms of customer interest and how confident you are in your forecast for 2016 in this division?
Scott Donnelly: Robert, I would say that if we look at the first quarter, there is no question that January and February were pretty rough letting. The turmoil in the market and general sentiment, I mean, I think caused a lot of people to sort of stop, and wait and see whats going on. But as we went in through March, I would say continuing now into April, the market has been pretty good. I mean, we would always like to see it stronger, but the momentum that we felt in the latter part of last year certainly took a pause through January, February, but has returned to a pretty decent market here in March going into April. 
Robert Stallard: And then as a follow up, Frank, obviously you highlighted the buyback was strong in Q1. Do you expect it to moderate going forward and will you be more interested in acquisitions perhaps?
Frank Connor: Well, as we said, I mean, we will continue to take a look at what the acquisition opportunities look like, our cash flow needs and we returned excess capital to shareholders. As you say, we dont kind of  we did a lot of that in the first quarter. We will continue to look at kind of the appropriate use of capital as we go through the year. But we are ahead of the game in terms of our -- certainly our plan do that we saw set dilution at this point. 
Robert Stallard: Thats great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 
Sam Pearlstein: Good morning. Just following up on our last comment about the share count. Do you still assume its going to be the 277 million shares? I know that it was heavy in the first quarter. Will that be lower for the year? 
Frank Connor: It should be lower for the year by about the number over the normal dilution, so kind of 3-ish million. We bought about 3 million more than our normal employee plan dilution would reflect, it would be lower by about that amount. 
Sam Pearlstein: Okay. And then can you talk a little bit about Bell and what you have seen as far as demand on the 412s and as the relatively stronger dollar hurt you in those sales, I guess, I am wondering with two deliveries in the first quarter, are we still on track for 12 of them?
Scott Donnelly: I think that the commercial market is still challenging for sure on the helicopter side, and exchange rates US dollar doesnt help us particularly. But the 412, I would say our line of sight on the year for the guidance we provided, which was around 12, I think is firming up. So I think we feel pretty good about that. And there is certainly opportunities out there as we look into the out years and there is deals that still need to close, but there is still  its a great helicopter, it serves its purpose very well, its got a great customer base and there is still people looking at expanding increasingly their fleet to 412. So I'd say we have pretty reasonable line of sight onto the 2016 in our working opportunities that are going out in the 17, 18 at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: I guess on R&D can you talk about the expectations for R&D for the full year may be on a segment basis? And then also in terms of headcount, I think you added headcount across three of the four segments with the exception of Bell and may be what that additional capacity is for?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Sheila I would say that the total year R&D is probably going to be pretty consistent with what we guided which we only do for the total company level. There is always a little bit of timing in this thing, I mean clearly with getting ready for the flight test programs and whatnot at Aviation on the longitude program we spent a disproportionate amount of that in terms of the run rate getting ready for flight test. So, the other programs are running about as we expected there is really no change to the guidance, the 525 flight test programs are going very well but consuming expenses at about the pace we expected. 280 is going very well, weve got some nice significant milestones in the fabrication of that first unit for flight next year. So I think our guidance for the total year remains unchanged, we just had some higher spending here in the first quarter particularly aviation getting ready for the longitude program.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: And then on headcount?
Scott Donnelly: The headcount numbers, I don't - I'm not sure, I don't have the exact numbers in front of me Sheila. I don't think there is any big material changes, the only place weve had really material changes in headcount unfortunately have really been around Bell and that's mostly been dialing back some of the production run rates in Bell on the commercial helicopter front. Other than that it's been I think relatively stable in most of the businesses.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: And then just a follow-up on the demand question I asked earlier. It's pretty original but can you just talk about pricing and maybe if the competitive environment has changed at all?
Scott Donnelly: In?
Sheila Kahyaoglu: In more so in aviation I guess.
Scott Donnelly: Aviation has been fairly flattish on a year-over-year basis Sheila as there are a couple of models that have seen a little bit of an uptick in price, a couple have been a little been down in price but overall not a big impact in pricing really across the whole company, pricing has been relatively flat. As I said, I think part of it is just we had to be a little bit patient her as we went through a couple pretty tough months and hanging in there but the demand environment which is really kind of in the end what drives it picked up in March and felt pretty good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky from Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Gursky: Maybe Ill go back to Bell. Scott, can you talk a little bit about the next multi-year on the V-22, there has been some recent press reports out there about thats shaping up, can you maybe provide a little bit of a color on your thoughts on that that would be helpful, particularly on the volumes?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, so I'd start by saying that it's early in that process, so we've already started to work with the customer on providing information. Right now the challenge is its a pretty broad range of volumes depending on, as theyre working on their budget for those out years and obviously its you know there is a mix of what they want to do with the program of record for the marine core, you've been some articles out there about the air force having an interest in some additional CVs, there is the Navy card program, and how that starts to drive demand as well as creating some optionality around FMS opportunities. So, right now it's a - when we're providing numbers its across a pretty broad range of units, so it's at this point I'd be reluctant to put a number out there, seriously I don't think there is anyone who would want to guide to yet to give you guys an idea because it's just the range of opportunity is just too high in terms of you know where that number falls out it could its just you know theyre running the numbers, running the financials and asking us for a lot of input on a pretty broad range of possible numbers of units.
Jason Gursky: Let me ask you it differently, without FMS, the top end of that range allow you to hold current production rates?
Scott Donnelly: No, I don't think it's likely that we will hold current production rates, it's going to be you know it will be south of that I really don't see a potential outcome that would be the current production rate, so we are planning for another detriment down when we get out there into that 19, 20 timeframe, but its -- we just dont know how big that detriment is going to be right now. When you look at Navy, thats 40 some units, there is still 20 some in the Marine Corp program of record, there can be a couple of CVs, there can be some optionality built in for FMS, but I do not think that the expectation should be it would run at the current run rates.
Jason Gursky: Okay. Understood. And then the follow-on, the LOI with regard to the 505 and the 525, can you just remind us during those converts into actual contracts, when will you start telling its or have a better idea of what your ramp is going to look like on deliveries for both of those aircrafts, so just kind of the timing of the LOIs converting the contracts.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think well start to see conversion on 505 contracts, probably starting here pretty soon. Those aircraft, well be looking at the initial deliveries likely in the fourth quarter. So there is already conversations going on with customers that are -- will convert those to actual contracts. I would say on the 525, you wont likely see that until sometime as you get closer to certification in mid-summer or so. Last year, next year, rather with just because our certification expectations are kind of late summer, early fall before we would start firming those up for deliveries by the end of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski from Drexel Hamilton. Please go ahead.
Pete Skibitski: Hi, good, morning, guys. Hey, Scott, geographically, is North America kind of still the only game in town. I think youve been running, I dont know, 75% of your citation deliveries were North America and I think a similar amount at Bell Commercial. Im just wondering if thats the status and if there is any change that you detect in the North American market versus three or four months ago.
Scott Donnelly: Well, certainly on the Aviation side, its still more or less US driven. I think jets this quarter were probably about 80% US deliveries, about 20% international deliveries. If you look at our turboprop product between the King Air and the Caravans, those are more like 50-50 US and International and thats more typical for those products and I think the turboprops are doing well. Caravans, particularly in China, are strong. So we -- but I would say however, we were starting to see some momentum pick up a little bit in Europe. So I think youll start to see some increased jet deliveries over there. And turboprop, again, staying fairly balanced between US and international as we go through the balance of the year.
Pete Skibitski: Okay. Got you. And then last one, just wondering what your expectation was on this air force nuclear helicopter program. I think basically you guys are the incumbent, its I think a few billion dollars probably and there has been a lot of chatter that they would still source it to a competitor. Im just wondering what your expectation is there and if you had any thoughts?
Frank Connor: Well, were probably seeing and hearing the same things that youre hearing. It sounds like we are the incumbent, but those helicopters have been there, those are Hueys from a long time ago. And at least the requirements that weve seen out there, we think theyre looking for a larger and different helicopter. So were seeing and hearing the same chatter. It sounds like theyre looking at going sole source to another product at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Carter Copeland: Hey, good morning, guys. Just, Scott quickly, wondered if you could give us some color on what you saw in service revenues across Aviation and Bell in the quarter.
Scott Donnelly: So on the Aviation side, it was pretty consistent with where weve been. I think it was around 35% of revenue on the helicopter side, [indiscernible] but it was down a bit year-over-year and again, I think thats just reflecting that we continue to see lower utilization, particularly in the oil and gas segment in the marketplace.
Carter Copeland: When do you think you reach a bottom on that, I mean clearly there is some destocking in that end market. So when do you start to lap some of the easier compares there?
Scott Donnelly: Hard to say, Carter. I mean I would be just making a total guess, but I think a lot of its going to have to do with obviously what happens with oil prices and when do guys start utilizing assets. I can tell you, down in the gulf, where we have an awful lot of foreclose that are operating with oil prices being down, things have been slower. Frankly, some customers have been slow to pay some of the operators that weve worked and so as a result, those guys will put aircraft on the ground or they will back off in general, but its got to go through its cycle. So I am not probably the right guy to opine on the oil prices and what that recovery looks like, but I think it will tie more to that going forward.
Carter Copeland: Great. And then on Systems, just a quick follow-up. Anymore color you can give us on the unmanned revenue in the quarter, did it have a negative mix impact for the margins?
Scott Donnelly: No, I think the unmanned is probably in line with typically what we expect for margins in that business. We've seen fairly high utilization on our fee for service programs which are going well. The aircrafts are performing well and executing the contracts that we have. We've continued to deliver the upgrades for the Shadow V2 program and those are kind of flowing through exactly as we expected and we've got some decent business development work going on for some international sales and things like that. So I think everything in the unmanned world is good. The margins obviously we were this quarter fairly light at Marine and Land Systems because we will largely generate a lot of the revenue here in the third and fourth quarter associated with the Canadian TAPV program obviously getting that milestone in the test complete was a big deal for us. So I think each of the units are doing well and are where we expect it to be. Unmanned is good business and margin is consistent with our expectations.
Carter Copeland: Great. Thanks a lot.
Scott Donnelly: Sure
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to start with the first question on aviation margins because I guess in Q1 you were talking earlier about how the margins were a couple of 100 points short of the full year margins hogged in aviation based off of mix of leverage - volume leverage and also R&D. As we think about the rest of the year and how you make up that 200 bps, should we think about that as fairly evenly split between R&D tailing off and leverage recovering or is there some sort of waiting between the two?
Scott Donnelly: Julian, I mean, I think its  I wouldnt read a whole lot into the Q1 numbers, right, I mean, the revenue was up $40 million, so leverage on $40 million couple of million of  few million of R&D, a couple of million of this or that just makes such as huge swing. So I dont think there is anything that I would look at the first quarter granted  yeah, just in terms of specifically R&D, the R&D spending is probably somewhat disproportionate in terms of the overall impact on margins here in Q1 that it would be in the latter quarters, but I really dont there is anything fundamental weve looked at in the leverage issue in the first quarter as being indicative of what's going to happen in Q2, Q3 and Q4. So our guidance that we provided you guys around sort of that window of overall operating margin percent I think we're on track to do and the revenue side. So the leverage is going to pretty consistent I think with what we told you and again the number in Q1 is such a small incremental on the revenue that I dont think you can read a whole lot into in terms of leverage.
Julian Mitchell: Very clear. And then my follow-up would be around the manufacturing cash outflow, that was about 100 million higher year-on-year. The vast majority of that is due to working capital stepping up, but at the same time your buyback spend in Q1 suggests you're very confident of that cash flow swinging around. So maybe just give a little bit of background as to where that big working capital build really came. And do you think we should see the manufacturing cash flow swing positive in the second quarter?
Scott Donnelly: So I think first of all on an absolute basis you guys know we generally consume cash in the first quarter. We tend to have inventory build associated with products that do sell off good, better in different aviation and they will tend to have more higher sales in the latter part of the year. So on an absolute basis I dont think there is anything terribly surprising. In terms of the year-over-year comparative, we do have situation with respect to customer deposits primarily almost exclusively frankly on the military side of Bell where as a result of performance based payments over the last couple of years we had favorable position in terms of working capital which will unwind through the course of this year and thats a good part of what you are seeing here in the first quarter. But those numbers are absolutely consistent with what we guided you guys in the overall cash numbers. So we will see that working capital impact through the course of the year, but again completely planned and consistent with expectation and so we have no change in our confidence in terms of our overall cash flow for the year.
Julian Mitchel: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research. Please go ahead. 
George Shapiro: Yes, Scott, I wanted to pursue a little bit more this R&D. So youve made a comment first thing that the R&D spend was more than offset what was maybe 5 million step up in fees, could you quantify how much more it offset and then how much lower the R&D might be in the subsequent quarters?
Scott Donnelly: So the dynamics we have in the quarter, George, for sure, we have the last quarter really of any of the step up impact on accounting in aviation, that was about $5 million number. And all I am saying is that our spending on the R&D side on a year-over-year basis to be comparative was a number that was quite bigger than that. So it was  of you take those two significant pieces that was dilutive to our margin rate or overall leverage if you will on a year-over-year basis. But again, in either case where these huge numbers, its just when youre looking at a $40 million increase in revenue, the difference between 4 million better in margin and 8 million better in margin, 10% leverage, 20% leverage, youre talking about a couple of million dollars. So its  none of these number are big numbers.
George Shapiro: Got it. And I was just wondering  R&D 10 million versus say the step up in 5 million [ph] in the quarter, I am just trying to roughly calculate what that impact might be, and then how much higher R&D was this quarter than what you might expect it to be in subsequent quarters?
Scott Donnelly: George, it was on the order of about 10 million. I mean, I think for a modeling purpose thats about the right number to put in there. Again, its not a particularly big number. And we dont expect it to change our overall company R&D over the course of the year. Its a relatively small number, but its on that magnitude.
George Shapiro: Okay. So does R&D go down a little bit then in the subsequent quarters?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, but again not by a very big number, because it was only up by a very small number. 
George Shapiro: Frank, just to qualify the tax rate was, more like 30% this quarter versus the 31% guide, are we going to still see 31% or is 30% a better number?
Frank Connor: I gave you the 31, it obviously depends on at the end of the day, kind of what our international versus domestic mix is and we will know that until we move further through the year. But I continue to use 31. 
George Shapiro: Okay. And one last one Scott, orders this year versus last years first quarter were up like 90 million or so, almost 10%, was that still primarily domestic or did you see more of the orders from international at all this quarter?
Scott Donnelly: I wouldnt say on the jet side, most of orders in the quarter were US. I think we will see a more international mix here, certainly as we are proceeding through April into Q2. 
George Shapiro: Okay. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much and good morning. I will really beg for your indulgent to ask one more question about aviation margin, which is just about  if you look whats implied for the remainder of the year, it looks fairly flat with what you did in Q2, Q3, Q4 overall last year, excluding the inventory step up and so to have flat margins year-on-year in aviation for the rest of the year, when it would seem like more latitude deliveries to [indiscernible] would be a headwind. What sort of the opposing factor that allows you to keep those margins flat?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think in general performance in the business is  I mean, the guys are executing well and we do have some volume thats increased on a year-over-year basis. And we still have good gross margin products, so that those create some leverage to help offset some of what might be a bit of a negative mix on a year-over-year comparative basis in terms of the mix of aircraft.
Seth Seifman: And then just as a follow-up also in terms of the pickup in activity that you've seen in March and April in terms of where is it across, would you say it's across platforms or is there any place where its concentrated. And one of the reasons I ask and that were talking about small numbers though it's hard to tell but if you just look at the high end, the Sovereign and X deliveries were fairly low in Q1, I know Q1 is light but is that a place where you're seeing kind of incremental weakness in demand relative to the other platforms?
Scott Donnelly: It's probably some of which were seeing is with the latitude in there we do see some aircraft that may be a year or two years ago could have been a Sovereign are now going to be a Latitude. So, the aircraft in terms of the range and performance are different and for a lot of our customers the Sovereign is still the right answer and that's why we still see reasonable sales of Sovereign but for sure when we look at the total number of aircraft in that Sovereign space, some of those are now becoming Latitude. So if someone is in the middle of the country or they are in Europe or theyre in a place where about 2,000 nautical miles will get you there, theyre tending to air on the side of a Latitude versus Sovereign, so that explains kind of where I think we are on Sovereigns. And on TENs as weve said that's a fairly unique product, its been a very popular product over time but it's relatively small number of units each year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Myles Walton from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Myles Walton: It sounded like in the fourth quarter, the thing here is maybe were a little bit supreme on the international side, but I guess Scott some of your commentary there seems that like you had seen a pickup as expected and so I expect you and your growth in King Air?
Scott Donnelly: Yeah, I mean I think we've seen the King Air market being pretty solid in most applications, Id say it's been a little lighter on special missions that it has in the past and thats a little bit of what we saw in the fourth quarter and the first quarter of this year. But remember we also had the conversion going from the old cockpit to the new model that came out very late last year and so getting that into production, getting the last of the older models sold and now making that conversion to the new model also has some impact on volume but frankly with the new model out there is selling well, we just got certification in Europe, which is [indiscernible] is a big deal for us, so I think we feel pretty good about the King Air market and where its going.
Myles Walton: And just a clarification on the margins, the pension tailwind year-over-year expected have been 10 million to 15 million across the segments and may be deviation in five of that, is that about the right way to think about the tailwind from pension?
Scott Donnelly: No, It was probably somewhere around that $10 million number but most of that is actually taking at corporate just the way we - well, I mean we spread out but it wouldn't be 5 at aviation, thats going to be a smaller number than that. So I wouldn't - I don't have the exact number in front of me but it's relatively --.
Frank Connor: There is a benefit but its spread around the organization.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: Just a couple of questions on cash flow, Frank thanks for the color on the or maybe it was Scott, the military dynamics but just kind of think about the quarter here. Accounts receivable and inventories were both actually up, I would guess that Bell issue was actually in some accrued accounts somewhere, can you speak to what was going on in the accounts receivables and inventories in the quarter?
Scott Donnelly: The issue I talked about on Bell is in the working capital line Jeff, so thats where its reflected.
Jeff Sprague: I'm just looking at the absolute growth in receivables and inventories in the quarter --.
Frank Connor: Jeff, just to be clear the comment on customer deposits was a first quarter last year to first quarter this year versus end of year last year to this quarter so --.
Jeff Sprague: And then just shifting to pension, do you foresee continued contributions at this level or if there is a potential that those need to kind of move up in the out years?
Scott Donnelly: Well, it obviously Jeff depends on returns and discount rates and everything else but we dont see meaningful contributions beyond these levels in the near term unless there is some significant change in the market dynamics.
Jeff Sprague: And then I was also just wondering and back to the tax rate, Frank, there is this FASB change on stock comp that can be adopted this year. It's not required until next year, but we are seeing a few companies adopt that. Has that been a concern this year and is that something that could meaningfully impact your tax rate if you adopt?
Frank Connor: I think, we are looking at it, but as I said stick with 31 is the right place to think about things.
Jeff Sprague: And then one just last one. Could give us some idea of what percent of the Aviation backlog is the NetJets Latitudes or someway to just kind of think about that?
Scott Donnelly: No, we dont get into that level of detail on the backlog, Jeff, but the only thing I will say around the NetJets thing is that we really dont put stuff in from that just into the backlog until we have agreed delivery dates and tail numbers and that stuff. So we will incrementally add NetJets to that backlog only when we - NetJets says, hey, look this is when I want delivery, this is the date, this is the tail and so there is only a small percentage of that overall order is in backlog today and that will grow the number weve put in there fairly linearly as they start taking deliveries and start committing to the next aircraft delivery date.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thank you for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Bergner from Gabelli & Company. Please go ahead.
Justin Bergner: Good morning, Scott, good morning, Frank.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Justin Bergner: I want to ask a good question on the industrial business. Would it be possible for you to give us a sense as to how the different parts of the industrial segment grew relative to that 6.5% organic constant currency growth in that business?
Scott Donnelly: Yeah, we can provide some color around that. I did have that number right in front of me. But if you looked at the overall growth rates we are  I am not sure how to break it out exactly. Our specialized vehicle business had pretty reasonable growth. We had relatively flat market in our tools and test world, but again there is the dynamics within that which we kind of talked a little bit about. I think we are doing very well in the utility space. A lot of the other tools that were re highly consumed by a lot of the oil and gas exploration kind of guys obviously continues to be soft, but net there were some growth in that segment. We had very solid growth on the automotive side of things on a year-over-year basis. And the turf care world was relatively flat.
Justin Bergner: Thank you. That's helpful. Given that the first quarter in the industrial business is tracking slightly ahead of your full year goal, should we think about the industrial business as being a segment that could exceed your earlier guidance or are there parts of the business that you don't expect to be quite as strong as you look through the rest of the year?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think we feel pretty good about where we're right now. The guys in pretty much all the businesses had a pretty solid quarter, but its probably little early in the year to feel like we would materially change the range on what we told you with respect to the segment. So certainly they are on the tracks right now, they would be towards the high end of it, but Id say its pretty early in the year too. 
Justin Bergner: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronald Epstein from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Ronald Epstein: Hey, good morning, guys.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Ronald.
Ronald Epstein: Just maybe a couple of quick details. You guys announced that you won 777x flight simulator at Mechtronix, so congratulations on that. How big is that potentially? I mean how do we think about that for the Mechtronix business?
Scott Donnelly: Its a good question. So the - and I have to be careful, because I dont know exactly all that was disclosed with our customer but certainly the scope of that contract is to provide the simulators for their use as well as their training centers. And beyond that obviously a lot of Boeings 777 customers will buy their own simulators for doing their own pilot training. So I think the scope of the contract that we have is for the sales directly to Boeing, but obviously from our perspective, while that's a great contract and we're thrilled to have it, it also gives us, we think, the position in the marketplace that we should win our fair share of end customers from Boeing who buy their own simulators. So its the contract value specifically associated with Boeing plus future opportunities that are still to be determined.
Ronald Epstein: Now, just -- maybe just for clarity, thanks for that, but this is a bigger -- Mechtronix historically wasnt as big a player, right, in large commercial, right, and this is a nice new segment, business for them, correct or no?
Scott Donnelly: It is. So true and we bought Mechtronix obviously. Part of the rationale for the acquisition was, we felt they had some terrific technologies, very capable team and a great product, but they were a very small company and they had had some challenges and got a little over-leveraged at one point and ran into some financial trouble. And I -- that hurts you in that market, because when you look at big customers, whether it's a Boeing or a lot of the major airlines in the world, these assets are like an aircraft. They're very long-lived, right. So companies want to know when you're buying a fairly high dollar capital item that you're going to be able to be around and provide the service and support and upgrades and such overtime and I do think that one of the things that hampered them in the marketplace was as a result of their financial struggles, they had some uncertainty around them.  So it wasn't a technical or a product problem, it was a business viability issue and obviously, when we acquired them and sort of put our balance sheet and reputation behind it, that kind of got rid of that sort of barrier with a lot of customers. So the team up there won the 737 MAX a couple of years ago. I think that they've executed very, very well on that. The Boeing folks obviously have been very happy with how the team has performed on the 737 MAX and that gave them confidence to then also make us their partner on the 777X. So if you execute well and perform well, it can sort of snowball on the right direction. But for sure, part of the underlying thesis of the deal was that we thought you had a company that had a lot of great technology, great product, great capability, but it needed to have a little more certainty and strength from a financial standpoint and I think we've provided that.
Ronald Epstein: Cool. Thank you for that. And then one more, my favorite airplane, the Scorpion, where do we stand on international interest, potential order that kind of thing for it?
Scott Donnelly: So I think there is a fair bit of international interest. We still have a lot of customers that are talking to us. We have had the aircraft dollar of the country. We've had a lot of customers flying it. Really, the next major milestone for us, well, there is really two. One is that, we've had a couple of relatively minor things that we wanted to change in the production configuration of the aircraft. We've completed that engineering work and we're in the manufacturing process right now, building that, what's called the confirming production version of the aircraft. Customers obviously want to fly that and see that before they would place an order.  And the other issue for us was always around the airworthiness and how do you get a certification and as I think you've heard publicly, there is now an air force program, there is program office, where they will conduct airworthiness certifications of aircraft that were not funded in development by the air force and so we've already submitted our application in that process. So that's sort of a work in progress as well. So, we think this all kind of dovetails with getting the first confirming article built and ready to fly here in probably early to mid-summer. And the airworthiness program will get underway and the air force ultimately will provide the airworthiness certification of that aircraft, which is a big deal to all of our prospective customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Yes. Just a couple of quick follow-ups. So Frank, the corporate expense being $32 million, you said it was due to the share price. Is that though changed at this point you're thinking on corporate expense being around 160 for the year?
Frank Connor: No. I stick with the same number, George.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then just to make sure you commented that aftermarket was about 35% of revenues each year, which would imply about 3.5% to 4% growth in the aftermarket?
Scott Donnelly: That's probably about right. I'd say low to mid-single digit at this point.
George Shapiro: Okay. And you had $164 million of acquisitions in the quarter, Scott, maybe if you could just list what they were because you make a couple of small ones and it's hard to keep track of them?
Scott Donnelly: Well, the principal deals in the quarter were Able Engineering, which we announced, this is a repair and overhaul business that does sort of a mix of both Bell product as well as some fixed wing products, so we acquired that early in the quarter. Thats now integrated into our aviation services network, but its providing both work  actually right now probably more Bell than anything else. So they had a  company had great relations with a number of our customers that looked at a mix of how they maintain their fleet with a combination of both new parts as well as some parts can be overhauled. We have entered that business through that acquisition with Able and frankly thats gone very well so far. We also acquired in the first quarter a company called ATAC. This is a company that provides tactical training and principally under contract to the US Navy, so supporting our current customers. We fly missions that allow the Navy and the Marine Corps to not utilize their own asset to provide things like touch worthy [ph] training, controller training as well as adversary forces for schools like Top Gun as well as a lot of other aggressor forces to emulate enemy aircraft in exercises conducted by the US Navy and the Marine Corps. I would also as a history doing some work for the air force, there is a number of opportunities out there that we think we continue to grow in that space. Its a nice augmentation for us until  in terms of how we address customer both in the US as well as internationally to provide training capability. There is also a very small acquisition that we did in the quarter. A lot of the service and support that was done on a true simulation and training platforms in particular. Now, the actual simulator maintenance, which is an important part of the business that had been effectively outsourced for quite some time to a small company that was doing that. We think providing the right level of service support is critical to those products over time and didnt feel comfortable that we should be dependent on a third-party, so we acquired and it was basically acquiring those people, so that they are now part of the company as opposed to having a third-party conducting that service and support. 
George Shapiro: So the M&A impact on aviation at 1.3% that you mentioned in the slides and was that all due to service or the organic service numbers, somewhat less than the 3.5% to 4% I just mentioned? 
Scott Donnelly: Yes, but again, its not a huge number either George, but a little bit smaller. 
George Shapiro: Okay, those are my follow-ups. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning everyone. The 34 jet deliveries in aviation, if I take out 7 Latitudes, its 27 ex-Latitude deliveries and last year, it was 33 total with no Latitude. So there is a six  a unit decline of 6 units year-over-year ex-Latitude in the legacy business. How should I think about that rate of change, how it run rates through the remaining quarters of the year?
Scott Donnelly: Noah, I think its still going to be relatively flattish. I think what youre seeing there is that the  in the first quarter, as I said, January and February were pretty slow months with all the stuff going on with the market and what not. But I would say the rate of how the team is doing in terms of sales that certainly picked up in March, through April and we would expect we will continue to pick up a bit through the course of the year. So I dont think we are viewing it as very different than we originally thought when we guided. 
Noah Poponak: Okay. I mean, should I be thinking rough order of magnitude. I had something close to 30 Latitude deliveries, so call that up 15 for the year. If that six run rate, that would be close to 25, giving you a net spread of up 10. Is it in that ballpark or it sort of sounds like you are saying that negative six could improve through the year?
Scott Donnelly: I dont think that we can go into that level of granularity at this point. I mean, we are going to be up. I think we might be up a little bit more in Latitudes, but the mix when you get down into M2s and CJ3s and its  I just dont think its going to be materially different. 
Frank Connor: I think Noah, our original guidance in terms of top revenue, we are still on track for that. We still in track to see most of the growth coming from Latitude. And at the end of the day, we expect [indiscernible] be approximately flat plus or minus.
Noah Poponak: And I think you said youd expect the Latitude to be mix - slightly mix negative to the overall segment margin this year. Do you expect that it to be negative or positive to the mix next year?
Scott Donnelly: I think, I'm not ready to do 2017 guidance, I think well - we don't know yet next year on what were going to look at in terms of the mix of NetJet versus normal retail sales I think it would be probably premature to talk too much about that.
Noah Poponak: Understood its - the business is moving around, I just thought maybe on that airplane you might have more visibility further output understood thank you.
Doug Wilburne: Alright Greg that concludes our call for the day, thank you ladies and gentlemen for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10 AM Eastern Time today through July 21. You may access the AT&T Teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1800-475-6701 and answering the access code 373338. International participants dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers once again are 1800-475-6701 or 320-365-3844 with the access code 373338. That does conclude your conference for today, thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Wilburne - Vice President, Investor Relations Scott Donnelly - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer Frank Connor - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President
Analysts: Seth Seifman - JPMorgan Jason Gursky - Citi Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo  Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs George Shapiro - Shapiro Research Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jeffries Johnny Wright - Nomura John Walsh - Vertical Research Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank Ron Epstein - Bank of America
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Textron Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Teleconference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call will be recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our VP of Investor Relations, Mr. Doug Wilburne. Please go ahead.
Doug Wilburne: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I would like to mention, we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO, and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Textron revenues in the quarter were $3.9 billion, down 4.2% from $4.1 billion in last year's fourth quarter. Income from continuing operations was $0.81 per share, up 6.6% from $0.76 in the fourth quarter of 2014. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions of $18 million was $534 million compared to $449 million in last year's fourth quarter. For the full year revenues were $13.4 billion, down 3.3% from a year ago. Income from continuing operations was $2.50 per share, up 16.3% from $2.15, last year. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions of $68 million was $631 million. With that, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Doug. Good morning, everybody. Revenues were up at industrial, but at Systems, Bell and Aviation, which was due to overall decrease in revenue in the quarter. Despite the decline in revenues, we had good execution with margin improvements in aviation, systems and industrial and solid double-digit margins at Bell, with strong cash flow across all our business segments. At Bell, we shipped 56 commercial helicopters compared to 57 in last year's fourth quarter. Commercial revenues were down, reflecting lower aftermarket volume and a change in the mix of aircraft delivered. On the new product front, we are making good progress with our 525 Relentless program, we now have two aircraft in the flight test program and are preparing to bring third aircraft to the testing this spring. Successfully attained a top speed of 186 knots [ph] in the aircraft's maximum true airspeed target [ph] testing includes continued signal and [ph] testing as well as further development of a gross weight and center of gravity extremes. Aircraft will be head north to gather initial cold weather data next month. The team continues to progress through the development phase of the test program. We are preparing to enter the certification test phase in spring. We also plan to fly the 525 to Heli-Expo in Louisville, in March, so that our customers can see the actual aircraft for the first time. Overall, the aircraft continued to perform very well meeting or exceeding all of our performance expectations. Customer demand remained strong as we currently have about 80 letters of intent from around the world. We are targeting certification of first delivery of the 525 next year. Our 505 Jet Ranger X program was also making good progress with three test aircraft now in operation. We are targeting certification and entering the service later this year. Our upgraded 407 GXP model continues to generate great reception in the marketplace, with overall 407 delivers up 13 units in 2015. Earlier this month, we made the first GXP delivery to Air Methods under the 10-year 200-unit contract we signed at last year's Heli-Expo show. We are having good success selling our lighter [ph] helicopters. The medium segment of the market continues to be challenged. This is reflected in the low [ph] 12 volumes that we saw in 2015 and the outlook for medium helicopters remained soft as we look to 2016. On the defense side, V-22 deliveries were up in the quarter as we delivered eight V-22s compared to seven a year ago. H1 delivers were also up as we delivered nine units compared to seven in last year's fourth quarter. Moving to systems, lower year-over-year revenues in the quarter were primarily the result of initial TCDL V2 Shadow delivers in last year's fourth quarter. This year's fourth quarter revenues included delivery of 55 COMMANDO Select armored vehicles for the Afghan National Army, but did not include any Canadian TAPV deliveries as we are still conducting our internal testing. Having now completed initial testing, we would begin the customer testing process this week [ph]. We expect those process and final acceptance will take five to six months to complete. At TRU, in October, we opened our first commercial aviation maintenance training facility in Wichita, with initial courses covering mechanical and avionics maintenance for the King Air, Baron and Bonanza products. Also receipt of a certification for both, our Pro Line Fusion-equipped King Air 350 aircraft and its associated simulator. We give the end pilot training the new simulator at our Tampa ProFlight center supporting initial aircraft delivers in the quarter. Moving to aviation, we delivered 60 jets and 33 King Airs compared to 55 jets and 41 King Airs last year. For the full-year, we delivered 166 jets, up from last year's 159, including 16 Latitude deliveries. During the quarter, we delivered our 102 marking the solid for this product that is out in the marketplace during the two years it has been in service. More significant event during the quarter at aviation was the unveiling of our new Longitude and Hemisphere aircraft at NBAA in November. Customer reaction to both of these models has been very positive and we believe they will generate substantial growth opportunities. Longitude has superior operating performance compared to any aircraft in its class and should provide meaningful contributions to revenue and profits at Aviation, after its expected entering the service late next year. Longer-term, Hemisphere should prove to be the game changer as it we will open up entirely new market opportunity for us. With first flight targeted for 2019, we expect the Hemisphere will accelerate the growth in Aviation as we enter the next decade. We also announced details of our new single-engine turboprop, including a new 1,300 shaft horsepower GE turboprop engine. We are developing this aircraft vial class leading pilot with the range of 1,500 nautical, speeds of over 280 knots, a larger cabin and reduced operating costs. An important part of Textron Aviation and Bell brand is our service footprint and aftermarket support capabilities. In that regard, last week we acquired Able Engineering & Component Services, an innovative low-cost, repair and overhaul business operated in Mesa, Arizona. Able provides component repairs, component exchanges and replacement parts, along with other support and service offerings for commercial rotorcraft and fixed-wing aircraft customers. This business is a great extension to our aftermarket business. Ramping up the quarter with industrial, we achieved 6.4% increase in revenues after 5.8% negative impact from foreign exchange, reflecting strong organic growth in the quarter. At Caltex, we had solid growth with revenues up in Europe, North America and Asia. Textron Specialized Vehicles had solid growth across all business lines reflecting our focus on new products and the success of recent acquisitions such as TUG and Douglas airport Ground Support Equipment businesses. To summarize the year, despite a decline in manufacturing revenues, we were able to achieve a 60-basis point improvement in manufacturing margins and believe enter the year with strong EPS and cash flow performance, especially given the challenges of a weaker than expected commercial helicopter market. Throughout the year we took actions that should disposition our businesses for growth and profitability over the next several years. At Textron Systems, we advanced our Ship-to-Shore program with first two units in production. The target deliveries in 2017, the DoD exercised options for another two ships out of the total expected program of 73 units. At TRU, we opened our Tampa pilot training center, and Wichita maintenance training facility, [ph] the King Air training certification and announced three additional orders from Boeing for its new 737 MAX platform. At Industrial, our top-line growth for the year reflected our continued investment in new products such as the Jacobsen Truckster XD, heavy-duty vehicle, Cushman Hauler 4 x 4, and Greenlee AIRSCOUT Wi-Fi test system. Industrial growth also reflects success of recent acquisitions, which demonstrates our ability to leverage these businesses for growth and long-term shareholder value. At Bell, we continue to improve our win rate in the commercial helicopter market based on the attractiveness of our new and upgraded products, our industry-leading aftermarket support and our expanding sales presence around the world. On the military front, we made important progress with our V-280 tiltrotor program. Provider hands on demonstrations of V-280 to potential domestic and foreign customers using a flight simulator developed by our teams at Bell and TRU. Manufacturing and subway operations, the first aircraft are well underway and we remain on track for first flight in 2017. Militarized version of our Bell 412 model was selected for Japan's UHX program. We will be partnering with Fuji Heavy Industries to deliver 150 aircraft beginning in 2021. We also signed contracts to deliver the first three of at least 12 planned H-1 helicopter for Pakistan and the first five of 17 expected V-22s for Japan. Looking forward, we have a significant number of foreign opportunities for H-1s that we are pursuing and expect to secure additional orders this year. Textron Aviation, we began deliveries on our new Latitude announced its new single-engine turboprop, two new business jets and realize the full-year impact of operational benefits from our Beechcraft acquisition. To finish with Textron's 2016 financial guidance, we are projecting revenues of about $14.3 billion, as we expect solid growth at Aviation, Industrial and Systems, and approximately flat revenues at Bell. We expect EPS from continuing operations to be in the range of $2.60 to $2.80 and manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions in the range of $600 million to $700 million. With that, I will turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott. Good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $378 million, down $20 million from the fourth quarter of 2014, [ph] $3 million decrease in revenue. Let's review how each of the segments performed starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues were down $32 million from this period last year, reflecting lower King Air and pre-owned aircraft volumes, partially offset by higher jet volume. Aviation had a profit of $138 million compared to $130 million a year ago. This increase primarily reflected improved performance, which included lower amortization of $8 million related to fair value step up adjustments, partially offset by the lower volumes. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1.1 billion, down $308 million from the end of the third quarter. Moving to Bell, revenues were down $36 million, reflecting lower commercial aftermarket volume and a change in mix of commercial aircraft delivered in the quarter, partially offset by higher military deliveries. Segment profit decreased $22 million from the fourth quarter of 2014, primarily reflecting an unfavorable impact from the change in mix of commercial aircraft delivered in the quarter and lower commercial aftermarket volume, partially offset by improved performance. Backlog in this segment ended quarter at $5.2 billion, up $76 million from the end of the third quarter. At Textron Systems, revenues were down $158 million, primarily due to lower unmanned systems volume, partially offset by higher Marine and Land Systems volume. Segment profit was $9 million, reflecting the impact of the lower volumes. Industrial revenues increased $55 million, due to higher overall volumes and the impact of acquisitions, partially offset by a $50 million unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Segment profit increased $6 million, primarily reflecting the impact of the higher volumes. Finance segment revenues decreased $2 million and profit decreased $3 million. Moving below the segment profit line, corporate expenses were $52 million and our tax rate in the quarter was 23.5%. The fourth quarter tax rate benefited from the U.S. R&D tax legislation passed late in the quarter as well as some of the discrete items. Interest expense was $32 million, down $8 million from last year, reflecting lower debt levels. We repaid $100 million of the bank loan from the Beechcraft acquisition and repurchased approximately 208,000 shares in the quarter. We ended the year with gross manufacturing debt of $2.7 billion, resulting in year-end manufacturing debt to EBITDA multiple of about 1.8 times. For the full-year, we repurchased approximately 5.2 million shares at an overall cost of about $219 million. Turning now to our 2016 guidance beginning with our segments on Slide 9, at Textron Aviation, we are expecting about 6% revenue growth brining revenues to $5.1 billion, primarily reflecting a ramp up in Latitude deliveries. Segment margins are expected to be in the range of 8.5% to 9%. At Bell, we expect overall revenues will be flattish at about $3.4 billion, reflecting lower V-22 revenues, offset by higher H-1 deliveries on the military side and essentially flat revenues in our commercial business. We are forecasting margins in the range of 10% to 11%. At Systems, we are estimating 2016 revenues at about $1.9 billion, up 25% from last year, reflecting expected TAPV deliveries and good growth in most of our other Systems' businesses. Segment margins are expected to be in the range of 10% to 10.5%. At Industrial, we are expecting solid growth in each of our businesses resulting in a projected 7% segment revenue growth to about $3.8 billion, with estimated margins in the range of 9% to 9.5%. At Finance, we are forecasting segment profit of $15 million. Turning to Slide 10, based on U.S. planned discount rate of 4.75%, we are estimating 2016 pension costs will be about $85 million, down from $138 million last year. Turning to Slide 11, R&D is expected to be about $615 million, approximately flat with 2015. We are estimating CapEx will be about $475 million, up from last year's expenditures of $420 million, reflecting our investments in new products and geographic expansion. Moving below the segment line and looking at Slide 12, we are projecting about $155 million for corporate expense. Next year's interest expense is estimated that the $133 million, reflecting higher rates on variable rate debt. We are assuming a tax rate of about 31% as we had some items in 2015 that benefited our tax rate that we do not expect will reoccur in 2016, as well as an expected higher mix of U.S. revenues in 2016, which were taxed at higher rates. Our guidance assumes a flat share count of about 277 million shares, reflecting repurchases sufficient to offset dilution. That concludes our prepared remarks. Steve, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Our first question will come from line the line of Seth Seifman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much. Good morning. I wonder if you guys could touch a little bit more on the margin in aviation flattish sequentially and kind of fairly moderate growth plan for next year?
Scott Donnelly: The sequential sort of flatness from Q3 to Q4 is larger driven by the fact that we had a fair bit of expense in the fourth quarter between R&D and a lot of cost associated with the ramp up of what we did from MBAA, which offset a fair bit of what we saw in some of the incremental volumes on sequential basis, nothing more [ph] within that. In terms of next year, the volume leverage probably is now the size you guys will expect. I think that is largely driven by the fact that we are going to see probably some lower margin on a lot of our incremental sales particularly that which is going into fractional business, so we have a fairly high number delivers next year that will go into NetJets, probably saw yesterday they have announced the official launch of that product into their customer base and typically sales into the fractional channel are at a lower margin than our typical all retail sales.
Seth Seifman: Great. Maybe just as a quick follow-up, for Bell, I think you talked about commercial being flattish and military. It sounds like maybe [ph] V-22 down and H-1 up. I wonder if you could talk about the levels, the level of decline on V-22 and is it just the bottom, then what gives you confidence on being flat in commercial.
Scott Donnelly: If you looked at mix in the business as you go into next year, the military and commercial are or both probably relatively flat. I think, you know, we saw a big drop-down this year obviously, with V-22 reductions earlier in the year, will continue to probably down a little, V-22 probably up a little bit on the H-1 side of things. All-in-all, are expected to be relatively flattish. I think the same is true on the commercial side. The big adjustment that we really made this year was a reduction in that medium-sized helicopters that you are going to see probably about 12 or 12, and we expect that to be about flat on a year-over-year basis, so I do not think there is going to be a big mix shift within the business as we look at flattish revenues. I think it is going to be true on both, the military and commercial side.
Frank Connor: Seth, on volumes of the V-22, it is consistent with the multiyear too, which call for a 100 units over five years. We have been delivering a little ahead of schedule. There were a few options exercised, so that is just consistent with that and then as we look forward to '18 and the Japanese deliveries, we should some recovery there.
Scott Donnelly: Look, the V-22s were total expected. I mean, what we saw in the military side of the business in 2015 and what we expect in '16 is entirely consistent with what we have always talked about. I mean, the programs are record in terms of the units. There are absolutely no surprises there. The issue really was largely around the commercial side and particularly on the medium segment and those are for us. Bell 412. That is typically a very international product, and as you can imagine know between the pressure around oil and other commodities just in general international marketplace has been pretty soft. I think that is reflected overall in the Bell 412 margin so again we expect that the pretty flat as we go from '15 to '16.
Seth Seifman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jason Gursky of Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Gursky: Yes. Hi there. I just wanted to stick with Bell for just a moment here, and, Scott, maybe have you talk a little bit about the margin outlook a bit more detail and talk a little bit about some of the puts and takes that are going on this year. Then as a follow-up to that, as we head into the Heli-Expo show in early March, maybe just talk a little bit about things you are going to be looking for into that show and kind of expectations around it.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. If I think on the margin rate where we have communicated you guys, we have been trying to hold that business in 11%, 12% rate. I think as we managed through knowing what was going to happen on the military programs, we adjust our cost base to make sure that we could hit that target. As you see in our segment level kind of color at this point, we think we are probably 100 basis points lower than that and that is a reflection of the fact that we are seeing a significant reduction in what we would have expected in terms of the value in the mid-size market as we go forward. Obviously, there are going to be some cost reductions that come associated with that as we lower the production rates and our role in the production rates on 412 side in particular, but to try to take out more cost from that and sustain the investments that we need to make in the 505 and 525 and V-280, that is going to us cost about 100 basis points and that is why you see that reflection of the drop. What we committed internal margin and how we dealt with - in fact, we are going to have is - ramp down on the military side and then further reductions that we made this year on the commercial side has sustained margins about where we want to be, but I think at this point, given where we take the forecast on 412s that is probably going to cost us about 100 basis points. As we going to Heli-Expo, look, it is going to be an interesting show to try to understand where customers are, what their expectations are going forward. 505, we continue to feel very good about. The level of customer demand in that area is great. 407s, as I said earlier, very strong and delivering on some big programs and we had continued strong interest. 429s are kind of flattish. The question is really going to be with a lot of our international customers, how they feel going forward. That will reflect 412 obviously and you know give us the feel of where things are going in terms of the 525. We are still a year-and-a-half away from or of making first on the aircraft, so there is still a fair bit of time here to understand what the market dynamics is going to look like.
Jason Gursky: Okay. That is great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Sam Pearlstein of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Sam Pearlstein: Good morning. Can you talk a little about the manufacturing cash flow outlook into 2016? It just seems like you have got earnings up, pension looks flat. I know CapEx is up, depreciation is about the same. Can you just talk about what else might be going against you? Why you are not seeing a bigger pick up on the cash flow line?
Scott Donnelly: I think if you looked - going into late next year, Sam, we are going to have a lot of inventory that we are accumulating in the build of the first lots of the 525s, and also the Longitude, so we will probably start deliveries of both of those aircraft obviously not until 2017, but we will have the priming the pump, if you will, and know those are two fairly high-dollar bid programs that will drive our working capital late in '16.
Frank Connor: We also are playing for some higher tax chases in '16.
Sam Pearlstein: Okay. Then just in terms of the margin pickup at Systems next year. Is that all TAPV-related? Why is there such a big step up from '15 to '16?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean, TAPV is certainly a big part of it. They will probably have that program going, but we expect we are going to see solid performance. If you looked at our UAS business has continued to perform well. I think the momentum is very good there. Similarly, our precision munitions business, you know, good contracts, good backlog of healthy business, so it is really across the whole segment and of course our Simulation Training business, which continues to perform and grow. Really, it is not just one item. I mean, certainly we getting TAPV is a big driver of the revenue increase. In terms of finally delivering on that, but in terms of overall margins, it is pretty solid performance across all of those the business segments.
Sam Pearlstein: Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Robert Stallard of Royal Bank of Canada. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Hey, Scott. Good morning. Scott, there has been some signs of weakness in large cabin business jet in recent months. I was wondering if you could comment about what you are seeing in your market the, smaller and midsize end. If anything has weakened there.
Scott Donnelly: It really hasn't Rob. I mean, we have seen not strong growth, but we have seen increased volumes in '15. We expect again to see some increased volumes as we go into 2016. Again, it is primarily driven by new product. I would say most legacy models will be sort of flattish, but growth of new things like Latitude coming out is really, what is driving growth in the business, I think we see the market as kind of about where we expected to be. It is performing well, particularly the U.S., but it is pretty soft internationally, so I think you know at this point, products that have longer dependency on international markets are tougher markets, so we have seen know that certainly in the mid-size helicopter market, we have seen a little bit on our King Air market, because that is typically more international but the business jet market itself, which is stronger and a little more U.S.-centric at this point is doing fine.
Robert Stallard: Then maybe switching gears, looking at the different side of your business, we got a decent FY'16 budget goals during December. It is early days, but how do you think that will flow through Textron?
Scott Donnelly: I mean, I think it is good. Obviously, our key programs like V-22 and H-1 came through the process exactly where we would have expected them to be U.S. business and we just got another order on continuation of V2 program, so we are not really in a situation right now where there is a lot of big new start programs, but certainly all of our existing and important programs, be it in the aviation world or Ship-to-Shore connector or the UAS programs are all funded and in good shape.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Cai von Rumohr, Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes. Thank you very much. Did I hear you say there is another five to six months of customer testing for the TAPV; maybe give us an update of your schedule there.
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Cai. Look, what happened is, we talked the fourth quarter about our expectation, we felt we could get some of the deliveries starting late next year as we had finalize our initial testing. We had a couple failures. It was a very small number, but we and the customer determined that, because it was steering-related, it could present a safety problem, so we decided we really needed to permanently resolve those things. We did that, we have completed our or internal testing, it looks great, but it does completely reset the clock on the customer test as well, so we have now started that. The vehicles are actually under test as we speak. It is going well, but it did reset the whole clock, so unfortunately what was a fairly minor changes and minor fix does reset the clock and that means we are probably looking at something where deliveries will probably in the second half of this year. Now we have built many, many of the vehicles, there is a lot of vehicles sitting there. They have been modified, you know, some minor change, so I think once delivery start, we will do very well, but it does reset the clock on the test.
Cai von Rumohr: Okay. Thank you.
Frank Connor: It is not just testing. There is the testing process in and then the acceptance process, so that is why it takes a little bit longer than what you might expect.
Cai von Rumohr: Got it, so aviation, you had a 0.7 book-to-bill, particularly weak, maybe give us some color on why was it so weak and color on demand maybe by product with specific reference maybe to the King Airs.
Scott Donnelly: Cai, I do not know that it was terribly different than what we have been sort of seeing cyclically with a lot of deliveries in Q4 on jets. You recall, last year fourth quarter we didn't have as much of drop-off, but that was also there was a pretty significant matter order that was in their which we talked about, so you know I do not think the color of the market and frankly know the position that we have today in terms of backlog is very different than what we have seen frankly for the last five or six years, so you know in terms of what we need to do in sales and conversion, for the orders and conversion of sales as we go into '16 is not is not really different than where we have been, so I think we feel pretty good about where we are. King Airs, we are a little bit softer in the quarter, frankly, thank I would have liked. They were up very modestly on the total year, but there is a lot of interest, there is a lot of customer discussions. Remember, we did transition from the old cockpit to the new call them fusion [ph] cockpit on that line of product here in the fourth quarter, so that also creates a little bit of a gap. I think as we have now gone through that production transition to the to the new model, we should be in pretty good shape for '16.
Cai von Rumohr: Last one, you are looking for flat R&D year-over-year. Could you give us a little bit of color in terms of which of your businesses the R&D might be trending up and where it might be flat to down?
Scott Donnelly: Not really a material change on a year-over-year basis, Cai. You know, obviously, we ramped down now on Latitude, but we are ramping up clearly on Longitude, so work going on into the Hemispheres and the turboprop, Bell 505, should wrap up this year, but we are full in the 525 and getting ready for first flight on the 280s. The number is relatively flat, and I have to say if you look across all of our different segments, the R&D spending is about the same from '15 into '16. Thank you very much.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Julian Mitchell of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you. Yes. Good morning. Just a question on the Bell, firstly, if you could just sort of quantify how much the commercial aftermarket sales were down in Q4, and how that pace has changed versus, say, six months ago and how you see that playing out this year?
Scott Donnelly: I do not if we give the exact number, but I mean it is down slightly on a run rate basis and I think frankly it reflects the fact that we are seeing utilization across most of the platforms down in sort of low mid single-digits and the aftermarket tends to follow that pretty well.
Julian Mitchell: Understood. Then in terms of the margins for 2016 at Bell, should we think about it as you have a lot of pressure, particularly upfront in the first half just as the cost base right-sizes for the levels of commercial aftermarket and then it is about second half or would you think it is a fairly level-loaded year on margins?
Scott Donnelly: depending on how the 412 deliver more than anything else.
Frank Connor: Yes. It is really dependent on mix and deliveries. It is not a question of can we kind of get to a different type of cost structure just because of the way things are accounted for and kind of mark our military programs in our inventory, so it is really a function as Scott said kind of at this point - lower production activities and the impact quarter-to-quarter will be dependent on delivery activity.
Scott Donnelly: To help clarify that, last year's deliveries were units that had been produced in a higher rate and next year it is close to the inventory. It shows up next year, but that is the higher revenues on the commercial side offset that it puts spread on the margin.
Frank Connor: Look, It is going to vary principally as a function of 412 deliveries. The military margin rates are pretty consistent through the years and that deliveries are pretty consistent through the years. It has been largely come down to the medium-sized, particular 412 delivers as we work our way through the year.
Julian Mitchell: Very helpful. Then the last quick one just asset prices, I guess, your revenue as well have come in, in the past few months. Any change in view on the sort of relative merits or appeals of buyback versus M&A when you think about capital deployment this year?
Scott Donnelly: I think our strategy is really the same. As we will always kind of keep an eye out for some M&A activity, I think Able is a great example. This is a business. It is a very healthy business. Helps to augment what we bring to customers in terms of our aftermarket capability, so those are deals we do. They are not huge deals, but that is the kind of a deal that we would do in terms of the market on stock buyback as you know we are still committed to at least offset dilution and opportunistically we will do more than that.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Scott Donnelly: Hi, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Scott, I guess just conceptually, how long can you run a business with $5 billion in revenue, but only 1 billion and backlog that question pertaining to aviation. I get it has become more of the turn business than a backlog business. I get there is components of that revenue number that do not have backlog. I mean, it seems like it is just a risky thing to do where if you keep this kind of neutral-ish environment, you are fine, but if you were to have a more sinister backdrop, you would have to maybe cut things more sharply than you would if you were already reset to where backlog is?
Scott Donnelly: Look, Noah, I mean the market is what it is, I guess, I mean, we have been doing this for a long time, right? where we are kind of coming in with around those kind of backlog and our team is still in aircraft, so I think that we are in a position here where we even in a pretty flat market we have been able to continue to eke out some growth on the top-line in terms of - forget the deal, right? Just organically in terms of, we sold more King Airs this year than we sold last year. We sold more jet thoroughly this year than we sold last year and we continue to expand the margin rate. Look, if I could pick-up someone would give me another $1 billion or so of backlog, we take it but the fact of the matter is, that is not where the market has been and it has been this way for - we were talking this morning. It has been at least six years, right, we have been kind of operating in this mode and that is just the nature of this industry right now. It is not a big announce a plane and get billions of dollars of backlog. You go out and you sell them pretty much one plane at a time and that is working for us right, so our revenue keeps going up and our margins keep expanding and that we are keep doing.
Noah Poponak: Yes. That makes sense. I guess the question was just more around risk mitigation of - that has been working, but if you had a tougher global macro environment that 1.1 could move sub-1 billion pretty quickly and then you are steering at a more difficult situation, I guess, but I do not know.
Scott Donnelly: Yes. Look, Noah, I mean, I appreciate the question. I understand. As I said, if I could drive a magic wand and make it a different market environment I would certainly do that. Look, where we spend most of our discretionary money is a new products, and look, the new products we have been working, right? If I was to go and say all right, guys, what if we took a different approach, what if we kind of hunker down and ride this things out, what if we did not do the Sovereign Plus or the Latitude or the M2, boy, I think without all that new product investment it would be tough to sustain a business that can grow revenues and expand margins.
Noah Poponak: Yes. I am definitely not advocating for that. My question is more should production be much lower on the legacy products?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, we have taken those numbers down quite a bit over the years and I think right now, you are not seeing order builds and stuff, right? I mean, we are not pumping out white tail. We are matched pretty well on our production today over the last few years frankly has been running to demand.
Noah Poponak: Yes. Okay.
Scott Donnelly: We are not generating big surplus of aircraft and we just do not do that.
Noah Poponak: It makes sense. On the Latitude, on the new product topic, when you had a saw at Wichita, you could see in the facility some tail numbers and you could see some tail numbers in the 30s, so if I assumed that you made it to accumulative delivery number 30, call it the middle of this year, that would get you somewhere in the vicinity of 30 of Latitude deliveries for the year. Is that in the ballpark?
Scott Donnelly: Yes.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Then so we should think about legacy or production excluding that roughly flat and then roughly that number for the Latitude?
Scott Donnelly: That is correct.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Great.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Shapiro of Shapiro Research. Please go head.
George Shapiro: Yes, Scott. I just want to pursue a little bit more. I know you have touched on it, but I want it to touch on it a little more. The aviation guide for margin in 2016, I mean effectively you are assuming the margins really flat with '15 because you do not have any of the step up in '16 that you had in '15. I know you commented that a lot of it is because of deliveries to fractional, but still I mean to go from what you have been - the high incrementals you have been running to a relatively minimal incremental maybe 9% at least and your guidance seems pretty darn big shifts, so I was just wondering if you could comment a little bit more on it?
Scott Donnelly: George, I mean, I think you are accurate in terms of your assessment of kind of how we get there and it certainly on the lower end of the conversion than we would normally like to see, again a big piece of it is expectations on lower margin in terms of the fractional, which is a big part of our growth frankly, right? If you look at that year-over-year incremental and then I know it just kind of walking through the map as well reading serial numbers of aircraft, but a lot of our incremental as we go from '15 to '16 is Latitudes and a big chunk of that is going into the fractional market, so I mean I think that is really where we are a big piece of year-over-year it is going to be fractional delivered which are at lower margin rates, still good business for us but at lower margin rates.
George Shapiro: One of the things that I came away with from the investor conference in Wichita was the cost that you are taking out on the Latitude versus the Sovereign in Soviet, my expectation was that the Latitude margin would start out no worse than some of the average material programs that you had. I guess that is not correct I mean or maybe it is just overwhelmed by the fractional ownership?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. It is the pricing on the fractional as oppose to the cost basis. I think we are where we wanted to be on the cost at a pretty good level. We are on the cost on the Latitudes. I mean, you are always going to have a little bit of inefficiencies in the ramp up of a new one, but it is not a material issue for us. It is doing really well. The cost is in a good place. It just really a question of pricing on fractionals.
George Shapiro: Okay. Then just one other one, you commented I think to Cai's question earlier about the book-to-bill being low this quarter, but when I went back and looked at the book-to-bill in the fourth quarter of last year, it was actually around 1 versus the 0.7-plus that we saw this quarter, so is there any added color you could provide on that?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, George. If you go back to fourth quarter last year, we did talked about the fact that we had a pretty significant international military order and those are lumpier than a normal flow, so that contributed a pretty good backlog into Q4 next year. If you took that out, the dynamic we have typically seen in Q4 is because of such a high delivery quarter has been that we see a much lower book-to-bill in Q4 as we have in recent time, so I do not think this year if you are to no back out the military deal in the fourth quarter it does not look very different on a year-over-year basis.
George Shapiro: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu of Jeffries. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Scott Donnelly: Hi, Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Just to harp on the aviation margin one last time. I guess is there any way you guys could see fractional impact is it over a 100 basis points, is it closer to 200 basis points to 300 basis points. Then could you remind us again what the net NetJets' order is? Is it still 25 firm and the option for a 100?
Scott Donnelly: It was 25 firm. It was actually 150 options, so
Frank Connor: 25 options. It was out of 150 total...
Scott Donnelly: Right, any way yes I think it is a few hundred basis points 200 basis points to 300 basis point, Sheila, when you think about the margin impact of sales in the fractional versus retail sales.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay. That is on the unit deliveries - the total EBIT?
Scott Donnelly: Correct.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Then R&D within the segment in Aviation was pretty much flat, which is impressive considering you have a new program launch and would you say SG&A should be up year-over-year?
Scott Donnelly: Up. Yes. It will be up modestly.
Frank Connor: Yes. Not a lot when the R&D is relatively is hit with other one is if you look segment-to-segment it is relatively the same as you go from '15 to '16, so not a headwind for sure.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay. Then just one on Systems, is it a second half-weighted revenue cadence like as given that you have Ship-to-Shore in TAPV, I would think in the second half of the year?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. Particularly driven by TAPV, Sheila, the Ship-to-Shore, the development program is relatively flat through the quarters, but the TAPV will certainly be a very heavy Q3, Q4.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Johnny Wright of Nomura. Please go ahead.
Johnny Wright: Hi, guys. Just one question on Industrials, it is kind of exciting pretty decent growth again this year. I was just wondering what are you anticipating from military markets in 2016 and anything else you want to call out with embedded in the guide
Scott Donnelly: Look, the auto markets continue to be pretty healthy, as I mentioned in the prepared comments, we saw growth again this year and all three regions in the North America, Europe and Asia and all the forecast yes we drive our guidance obviously in our model based on what is out there in terms of what all the OEMs are saying. Right now, they are all forecasting rolled again in 2016 and so we expect obviously to grow with that. We had some nice wins on new models, which is helping to drive our growth, so our growth has been in excess of what overall markets have done on the auto side and I expect that will be through again in 2016.
Johnny Wright: Okay. Great. That is all I have. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Okay. Sure.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Jeffrey Sprague of Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
John Walsh: Hi. This is John Walsh on the line for Jeff. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Yes. Good morning, John.
John Walsh: A lot of ground covered, I just had one quick question on pricing totally understand what is going with the fractional business. Could you kind of just comments on like-for-like pricing what you saw in the quarter and what you are expecting in the guidance?
Scott Donnelly: It has been pretty flat, John. I mean some are rough a little bit, some are kind of flat, but all-in-all it is not materially different than a fairly stable price environment.
John Walsh: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Pete Skibitski of Drexel Hamilton. Please go ahead.
Pete Skibitski: Thanks guys. Just a couple of quick one on aviation, Scott, aviation aftermarket kind of last year and this year is it similar to the Bell commercial aftermarket trends and I was just wondering if you could talk aviation Citation pre-on your pricing and activity wise?
Scott Donnelly: On the aftermarket on a comparable basis, we are pretty flat I mean we had some changes in how we recognized revenue in terms of some engine programs so we have talked about before this does not affect our profitability but just the revenues we are basically in between the customer and the engine sides so all-in-all I think it is relatively flat and we expect frankly on a comparable basis, so a slight uptick in aftermarket in 2016 from '15 and similarly on the use aircraft pricing it has been fairly stable.
Pete Skibitski: Great. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Myles Walton of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning. Maybe, Frank, a quick question on the balance sheet and maybe Scott on capital deployment, so is the idea to refine the notes coming due or repay and start to reduce that further, it seems like you are getting to a point where point or you are comfortable, so Scott is that M&A aperture actually increasing as there is more excess free cash flow here? Thanks.
Frank Connor: Yes. Well, from a balance sheet standpoint, we will probably refine what we kept coming due this coming year, so we are pretty comfortable now with our debt levels you know that the balance sheet has we have had good flexibility over the past couple of years, we think from and M&A standpoint so I do not think that there is a really change in the M&A aperture. We feel like we have been able to kind of do the things that we wanted to do and we will be able to continue to do that, but we will stop paying down debt at these levels.
Scott Donnelly: Look our debt levels are getting developed where they should be from a ratio standpoint, but I would add the same color Frank did. We will do deals that we think makes sense. We have not felt in any way constrained. Clearly , we have access to the market if we need to do that if the right deal came along, but we are not going to do deals that we do not think make sense and we are certainly not going to run around and try to find stuff or force stuff that we do not think fits in the business for well just to deploy that way I think our M&A strategy is one where if we see opportunities it is a great fit we think we get good leverage it supports the balance of our business we will do.
Myles Walton: I see that, but if you are starting to generate excess cash. It is not going back to paying down debt is all I am kind of getting at if you kind of think about the 600 million, 700 million pre pension you get a 100 repo and another sub-100 to dividend and so you are starting to have excess cash I am just curious if any apertures can get better or be you want to be more opportunistic maybe on the industrial sides if the rest of the world kind of constant kind of the rates in that sector?
Frank Connor: Yes. Again, I do not think our cash on the balance sheet thing is particularly excessive yet. I mean, so that's and it is not like we are worry about [to] cash we will continue to be pretty aggressive that looking for opportunities across all our business on the acquisition side and as that will also be opportunistic around the share buyback in terms of deploying that capital hope we think it makes sense and based where the...
Myles Walton: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: The last question in the queue at this time comes from the line of Ron Epstein of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ron Epstein: Hey, good morning, guys.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Frank Connor: Good morning, Ron.
Ron Epstein: A couple of big picture questions for you. On Hemisphere, when you think about it. I know it is still early days, but with Gulfstream G450s coming off the line and my understanding is that they are selling in for not too much over $30 million. Is not that a really difficult place to try to put a new product? I mean with Gulfstream there with the Bombardier guys there with peso there it seems pretty crowded?
Scott Donnelly: Look, I think, when we look at the Hemisphere and how we size the Hemisphere. Our intent is to be sort of just below where that market is because you are right I think you know the 450, 550 is the global 7,000, 8,000 there is 7x, 8x. It is not our intent to be competing with that guy, so if somebody is looking at G450, the Hemisphere is designed to be slotted sort of one tier below that echelon of aircraft. We think that is the market were there has been a lot of reinvestment by a lot of big iron guys, which is why we are going there not with the intent of going up and joining in that area, because I think you are right. I think it is a well-served market. In terms of current pricing, I have no idea. That market cycle is just mid-size cycle, so where pricing and demand is right now is a function of the market, but the intent that we have with Hemisphere is that slots just below before you get into those big iron guys.
Ron Epstein: Okay. Then I think - totally changing gear sort of just real quick, kind of a little bit out of mind immediate comfort zone, but Caltex have you guys seen any weakness in ISR for auto?
Scott Donnelly: No. We have not.
Ron Epstein: Okay. Good.
Scott Donnelly: It has been result.
Ron Epstein: Okay. That is good to know. Finally, I cannot you know not get on the phone with you guys and not ask you about the Scorpion, any update there?
Frank Connor: The Scorpion, look, I think the good news is that one of the most critical issues for that program was always determining the path certification. I think the good news is through a lot of work last year, the air force has now opened up the ability go through an airworthiness process with the air force. They initiated that program and obviously we fully expect to participate in that, so we have the first aircraft that will be conforming test articles in production as we speak and are working with the air force to get under contract to have them conduct and ultimately provided airworthiness certification for the aircraft, so that is a big step forward for us.
Ron Epstein: Okay. That is great. Is there sense of any opportunity for it maybe an Air National Guard, anything like that?
Scott Donnelly: I think, eventually there could be either - obviously, there is a lot going on budget wise it the U.S. Government, but we have always thought that while this is certainly intended more as international product for a lot of countries that can afford to fly the F-22s and F-35s of the world. We certainly think that capability aircraft might be one at that price point and that capability could be attractive for a lot of missions that could include U.S.
Ron Epstein: Okay. Great. Cool. Thanks, guys.
Scott Donnelly:
Frank Connor: Sure. All right. Thank you ladies and gentlemen.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue at this time. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. On behalf of today's penal, I would like to thank you for your participation in today's conference call. Thank you for using AT&T. Have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President-Investor Relations Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC Sheila K. Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Ronald Jay Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Jonathan David Wright - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thanks for standing by and welcome to the Textron Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session later. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Doug Wilburne. Please go ahead, sir.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Brad, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Textron's revenues in the quarter were $3.2 billion, down 7.3% from $3.4 billion in last year's third quarter. However, income from continuing operations was $0.63 per share, up 10.5% from $0.57 per share in the third quarter of 2014. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions of $16 million was $116 million compared to $144 million in last year's third quarter. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everybody. Revenues were up at Textron Aviation, Systems and Industrial but down at Bell, which led to an overall decrease in revenue in the quarter. Segment profit was up 6.5%, reflecting improved margin results in each of our business segments. At Bell, the decline in revenues was primarily due to lower deliveries in our V-22 program, as we delivered four V-22s, down from 12 a year ago. This decline was partially offset by an increase in H-1 deliveries, as we delivered five units this year compared to four in last year's third quarter. On the commercial side, shipments were also up, with 45 aircraft delivered in the quarter compared to 41 a year ago. While commercial helicopter markets remain challenging, Bell continues to show a favorable win rate, so we still believe the commercial deliveries will be up modestly this year. On the new product front, we've completed over 45 hours of ground testing and 35 hours of flight testing on our 525 Relentless program since the program's first flight on July 1. During that time, we've successfully conducted numerous tests, including ground resonance testing, gross weight and envelope expansion, maximum continuous power climbs, minimum power descents and initial autorotation testing. We've also successfully engaged a full fly-by-wire system to a speed of 150 knots and an altitude of 13,000 feet. Overall, the aircraft has performed very well, proving to be a very stable platform that is meeting or exceeding all of our initial performance expectations. We've completed structural assembly of our second 525 test aircraft and expect it to enter the flight test program by the end of the year, with a third test aircraft expected to follow close behind. We are currently targeting certification and first delivery of the 525 during the first half of 2017. Our 505 Jet Ranger X program is also making good progress, as we've now accumulated over 470 flight test hours. We are targeting certification and entry into service during the first half of next year. We also continue to have success on both the U.S. and foreign military front at Bell. As discussed during our last earnings call, we received our first international order for V-22s in July with the signing of a contract with Japan to deliver the first five of 17 expected total units. On the H-1 front, we were awarded a DoD contract in August for an additional 35 H-1 units, consisting of 32 aircraft for the U.S. Marine Corps and the first three of 12 planned deliveries for Pakistan. Based on the existing U.S. Marine and Pakistan requirements, we expect a gradual increase in H-1 deliveries from the mid-20 this year to the mid-30s in 2017 and 2018. Moving to Systems, both revenues and margins were up, reflecting higher weapons and unmanned systems deliveries. At Marine & Land Systems last month, we were awarded a contract to supply 55 COMMANDO Select armored vehicles to the Afghan National Army. We expect to deliver most of those units during the fourth quarter, and we're pursuing a number of other promising foreign military opportunities for our COMMANDO line. Elsewhere at TMLS, we continue to make good progress on the Ship-to-Shore development program, with the first two landing aircraft now in production. The initial craft remains on track for delivery in 2017. Moving to Industrial, we achieved a 5.5% increase in revenue after a 7.5% negative impact from foreign exchange, reflecting strong organic growth in each of our businesses. Kautex had the highest increase in revenue with volumes up in Europe, North America and Asia. Textron Specialized Vehicles also had solid growth across all business lines, reflecting our focus on new products and the success of recent acquisitions. At Jacobsen, we launched our new Professional Series commercial grade lineup of mowers and utility vehicles aimed at the North American missile market at last week's GIE+EXPO industry show in Louisville, Kentucky. Overall, our Industrial segment is performing well, both on the top line and in terms of cost productivity in what has otherwise been a difficult industrial environment. Wrapping up with Textron Aviation, we delivered 37 jets and 29 King Airs compared to 33 jets and 30 King Airs last year. Margins in the Aviation segment improved significantly on the higher revenues and improved performance, which included lower amortization related to fair value step-up adjustments. Our strategy of investing in new products continues to pay off, as we delivered our first four Latitudes in the quarter. We expect to see a ramp of Latitude deliveries, reflecting both retail demand and deliveries to NetJets. The Latitude opens the door to our new generation of larger cabin Citations, including the new Longitude, which will make its public debut next month at the annual NBAA show. We believe the Longitude will be a significant game changer in the business jet world when we reveal its superior performance, design characteristics and best-in-class operating cost. We will have a broad array of Citation and King Air products on display, as well as product-related developments to share. So we expect NBAA to be a positive catalyst for Textron Aviation as we look to 2016 and beyond. To sum up the third quarter, good margin results across our businesses contributed to a solid overall financial performance. With only a quarter to go, we're adjusting our full-year guidance for earnings by bringing up the bottom of the range by $0.10 and maintaining our outlook for cash flow. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $312 million, up $19 million from the third quarter of 2014 on a $250 million decrease in revenues. Let's review how each of the segments contributed starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues were up $79 million from this period last year, reflecting higher jet and military deliveries. Aviation had a profit of $107 million compared to $62 million a year ago. This increase reflected the higher volumes, as well as improved performance, which included a lower amortization of $9 million related to fair value step-up adjustments. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1.4 billion, approximately flat with the end of the second quarter. Moving to Bell, revenues were down $426 million, reflecting lower V-22 deliveries and lower commercial revenues largely related to lower aftermarket volume and a change in the mix of commercial aircraft. Segment profit decreased $47 million from the third quarter of 2014, reflecting the lower volumes partially offset by favorable performance largely related to our cost-reduction activities. At Textron Systems, revenues were up $62 million primarily due to higher weapons and sensors and unmanned systems volumes. Segment profit was up $12 million, reflecting the impact of the higher volumes. Industrial revenues increased $43 million due to higher overall volumes partially offset by $59 million of unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Segment profit increased $8 million, reflecting the impact of the higher volumes. Finance segment revenues decreased $8 million and profit increased $1 million. Moving below the segment profit line, corporate expenses were $27 million, down sequentially from the second quarter, primarily from the impact of lower ending share price. Our tax rate in the quarter was 30.2%. Interest expense was $33 million, down $4 million from last year. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 3.1 million of our shares at an overall cost of about $124 million. Year-to-date, we've repurchased approximately 5 million of our shares at an overall cost of about $211 million. To wrap up with guidance, we are estimating full-year EPS from continuing operations of $2.40 to $2.50 a share and cash flow from continuing operations of the Manufacturing Group before pension contributions of $550 million to $650 million. That concludes our prepared remarks. So, Brad, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: All right, thank you. And our first question comes from Robert Stallard with Royal Bank of Canada. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Scott, maybe we'll start off with Aviation. There's been some concern about emerging market weakness in business jet and FAA flight data still being fairly static. I was wondering if you can give us your perspective on what you're seeing out there in terms of customer demand and maybe pricing.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think, Robert, the market in North America, the U.S, has been reasonably strong. I think we're pretty happy with the market in the U.S. There's no question that the markets in Europe and Asia are challenged. I think part of that is just the economies are in a pretty difficult spot and, of course, the U.S. dollar being quite strong puts some additional pressure on that in terms of all the product lines. So there's no question right now our recovery and the strength of the business is largely North American. In terms of pricing, it mixes by model but, overall, the impact of pricing has been not really material on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. And then maybe secondly, on Bell, a very good margin performance in the quarter. You think this is sustainable going forward?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Robert, we've been trying to target the business in that 11% to 12% range. Obviously, we took a lot of cost actions earlier this year when we realized the commercial market would be lighter than we expected, so I think we're comfortable with our guidance this year on that 11% to 12% range based on those actions. I think there's always risk on the volume line, I think, but I think we're in a spot right now where we feel pretty good about that 11%, 12% guidance.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And just a quick follow-up on that. The V-22 -- it seems to be a bit volatile from quarter to quarter, is it?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean, it's obviously been stepping down through the year, Robert, on the new contract but, frankly, this quarter was probably a little lighter than it normally would be just in terms of some of the timing of completions of aircraft and acceptances. So it's probably more volatile this quarter than it would normally be. We would have actually planned probably six aircraft sell, there were a couple aircraft that sold right at the very beginning of the next quarter so they just missed the revenue in this quarter.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks so much.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thank you. I just wondered on the Latitude, when we're thinking about the effect of that on Aviation margins from here, as you see deliveries ramp up, do you think there'll be a big negative margin hit, or you can kind of manage it across the fixed cost base?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think we'll manage it within the context of the overall business. So the margin rates, the costs have come in about where we expected on the product. We will as we go into next year in particular because we'll have a number of deliveries into NetJets which typically are a level below our typical retail sales since they are effectively a reseller of those aircraft in a fractional sense. We'll have some lower margin deals in there, but I think it's something we'll be able to manage in the context of the overall business.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks. And then on Bell, you talked about commercial deliveries still be up potentially. Maybe just home in on 412s. I think you've delivered nine to-date after 26 in the whole of last year. How are the orders trending there and how do you think about those deliveries looking out?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, there's a fair bit of activity in both late this year and through next year. I think certainly we'll be down in terms of the total number of 412s for the year, but that's kind of what we've been expecting as we've been going through all of our restructuring and production planning.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks. And lastly, buyback, a step up to a degree in Q3 as you'd mentioned. Is that just kind of opportunistic around the share price, or is there anything more fundamental there?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, I think it's consistent with what we've been saying, so we'll continue to retire the  to make sure we're not diluting, and opportunistically we do some additional share buyback and we certainly had some of that activity in the quarter.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Very helpful. Thank you.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Yes. What I wanted to ask on the guidance for the year, and this is probably more for Frank. If you look at the high end, Frank, it implies $0.81 in the first quarter. You did $0.76 last year but you had $13 million in special charges, $8 million of beat step-up, interest expense probably $7 million lower, so I net that out as a benefit to this year of $0.07 a share. So if I put it together, you're actually forecasting a couple cents below last year. I figured Bell's going to be down, but Aviation ought to be up by more than what Bell's down and the other sectors probably not much to split. So I just wondering what's wrong with the arithmetic, or are you just kind of being on the conservative side for the guidance?
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, look, I think obviously we've talked a lot about we've got a difficult environment for Bell. We've got kind of we've done a lot on the cost side. But kind of as volumes have come down there, that puts kind of pressure on just the cost structure and cost base at Bell. So, no, I don't  I think we're being appropriate given the market environment that we're seeing out there and, obviously, we're working hard to achieve those results.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Okay. And one for Scott. Latitude deliveries, four in the quarter, Scott, I mean, I would have thought maybe there's a little bit more. I mean, is this just timing and could you give us a kind of a ballpark as to what we might see in the fourth quarter?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think it is largely timing, George. We've got the first four aircraft, we've got the certification done obviously and got the first four aircraft out there into the market. We certainly expect to see that ramp as we go through the fourth quarter. Aircraft is still doing great with customers. I think it's showing very well. We'll have it obviously at NBAA. It's been doing a lot of flying in both the U.S. and Europe. We expect to get the OSIS certification here in the quarter as well, probably late in the quarter going through that process which could have some effect on where we land in terms of total deliveries, but we still feel great about the aircraft. It's flying great. The customers seem to love it, and as I said, we expect to see that ramp as we go through the fourth quarter and obviously into 2016.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: You don't want to put a number on it, though?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I probably wouldn't put a number on a particular model, number of deliveries in a quarter, no.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Okay. Thanks very much. Good execution.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks, George.
Operator: And our next question will come from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila K. Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Hey, good morning, guys.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Sheila.
Sheila K. Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: It looks like we'll see the Longitude at NBAA. Could you maybe just give us an idea how you're thinking about the magnitude of the investment in Cessna overall and further refining the portfolio?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Oh, the investment kind of continues obviously at Cessna. I don't know if the fixed wing aviation has ever had more programs going on at the same time than we have right now but, obviously, the Longitude has been a significant investment and one that we'll continue to make. We're holding our late 2017 entry into service on the aircraft. I think it's going to show beautifully at NBAA. And we'll have some additional announcements, frankly, beyond that in terms of what we're doing with the product portfolio. So the pace of the investment I certainly expect will continue. We tend not to give a specific number for each of the aircraft or anything, but the R&D is continuing as we've committed and I think that's paying off for us. You've seen what's happened over the last couple years with a lot of the upgrades, the Latitude, obviously, we're very happy with. Longitude, we talk in terms of our single engine turboprop as well as what we're doing to continue to expand our jet portfolio.
Sheila K. Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Okay, thank you. And then just a follow-up on Bell margins. As we look out on the commercial side, how do we think about the impact of the 505 and the 525?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sheila, the 505, given where that part of the market is, is usually dilutive to margin rates. Those aircraft tend to be at a pretty low price point, so there's not a whole lot of margin dollars in them. It tends to make up for that as you look long term in the service business. We still have a huge portion of our service business today at Bell that's driven by jet rangers and 206s, 407, the light single end of the market. But it won't have a material impact in the margin rate. And, of course, the 525 we expect will certainly be a profitable product, as those tend to be in the larger end, are more profitable in the initial sale. But again, that's something we're talking about entering the service in the latter half of 2017, so it wouldn't affect anything that we would talk about when we get into 2016.
Sheila K. Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Okay. So overall, the commercial business is net neutral to profitability next year. There's no significant impact from the 505 or certification on the 525s?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, there shouldn't be. I mean, the number of 505s in the year next year I don't think will create a material impact in terms of the margin rate.
Sheila K. Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Perfect. Thank you.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: And the next question comes from Cai von Rumohr with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yes, thank you very much. So it looks like both the 412 and the 429 kind of are running light and the smaller helicopters are doing well. What does that imply for Bell revenues for the year? Can you still get  can you get to $3.5 billion and kind of a flattish fourth quarter in terms of revenues?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Cai, I mean  it's a good question. If there's any risk to where we're going, it's in that volume and then particularly on the commercial side of the business. But you're right, the volumes have been stronger in the lights than they have been in the light twins or the heavier twins in the 412 side. But I think we're going to be close to the revenue guidance numbers that we've given you guys. There's probably $100 million of risk in it or something like that, but that's  for the total year, that's probably where we're going to head in terms of the Bell revenue.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, given kind of the ambitious new product kind of plan you've got, as I recall, last year you did about $565 million in R&D and I think you were kind of talking about $600 million for this year. What can you get  can you update us where is the R&D for this year and how should we think about it going forward?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think we're going to continue to see increases. And so, in the third quarter, we were up slightly in terms of overall R&D spending for the total company. And I think that's a trend that will continue, Cai, and that's largely driven by the investments that we've made in the Latitude, what we're doing in the Longitude and other stuff we'll talk at NBAA in terms of our fixed wing aviation business. And obviously, we're getting close on certification here of the 505, but we have the 525 now in full certification testing, we have a huge investment in the V-280 program and, obviously, a lot of investments across our Industrial and Systems businesses as well. So I think the level of R&D is tracking with kind of what we told you guys to expect.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: Well, I think everyone expects the R&D will go up and the revenues generally also are going up. Should we think of the R&D to sales holding approximately flat or is it likely to be up with this ambitious Longitude program?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, I think it's probably flattish, Cai. Obviously, this year we've had some additional headwind in total, but that's largely driven by the fact that we've been seeing this contraction at Bell, principally on the military side, to some degree on the commercial side. But I think our expectations going forward is that it will hold about flattish in terms of percent of sales.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you very much.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: And our next question will come from Seth Seifman with JPMorgan.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much and good morning. I was wondering if I could ask a quick question about Kautex and the exposure to Volkswagen that you have there and whether you expect to see any impact from what's going on there.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, that's very hard to say at this point. VW's obviously an important customer for us, but we're a supplier to the industry in total. At this point, I think it's hard to predict exactly how that's all going to play out. Clearly here in the near term, we've seen a movement from a lot of the small diesel to the petro-based models just because of the situation with sales in that product line. But I'd say at this point, it's too early to know what's going to happen, how customers are going to react and do they choose other VW models, do they choose models from other manufacturers. I think it's very much still to be determined. And so for us, it becomes a model mix question, both within VW or outside of VW. And at this point, we just don't have a whole lot of data as an industry on what that shift is going to look like. But I, frankly, don't expect it to be a material impact to us one way or the other. The automotive markets have been fairly strong, and I would expect to see them kind of continue on the trajectory. This is really just a question of model mix.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Would you be able to size your  the percentage of Kautex revenue that comes from VW?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, we wouldn't  I don't think we would ever publish those numbers. As I say, they're a significant customer, but across a very, very broad range of VW product. And that's why the question in terms of what the mix does, I think a lot of the mix shift, frankly, will be within VW, so it's...
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Okay, thank you.
Operator: And the next question will come from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Scott, if I'm thinking about scenarios for Cessna production in 2016, is a production decline in the scenario analysis or is that off the table, and could you answer that both including and excluding the Latitude?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I won't do it including or excluding certain model types. I would say, Noah, and we want to  we're not probably ready to get into 2016 guidance just yet, but, clearly, as we have production running today, no, I would not expect to see a decline in volume across any of our product lines.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Jet turboprop single-engine, I think where we're tracking right now in the market, I think we're still running production with expectations that we'll not see declines next year.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And on the margins at Aviation, the incremental both sequentially and year-over-year, stripping out the inventory step-up looks quite nicely ahead of how you guys talk about how that should trend over the long run. Can you parse out what drove the upside in the quarter and how that should trend over the next few quarters?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Noah, it's always  when we talk about incrementals, it's sort of how to think long term. We kind of talk about this 20% or so kind of number. Obviously, that's a little bit lumpy. We're going to have quarters where we do quite a bit higher than that. This is a good example of such a quarter. But we're going to have quarters where it's going to trend below that. And it largely has to do with how R&D costs are coming in, SG&A shows  I mean, there's always noise in that number. So I think the guys did a great job of converting on the volume that came through this quarter and it's a very solid performance, so I still think that kind of 20% numbers on an incremental basis are good numbers to use, but there is going to be lumpiness to that.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then just one last one. In Bell commercial, has the oil and gas customer at least stopped getting worse, or is it hard to tell? And where will you exit the year with that customer as a percentage of Bell revenue versus where it started the year?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Noah, I honestly don't have that number. I think we've talked before about the oil and gas segment historically being sort of around that 10%-15% kind of a percent of our sales directly into that oil and gas market. I think our visibility, obviously, that's down this year, so you're not seeing a whole lot of new equipment sales. Utilization is clearly down in those markets, so that's impacting our aftermarket, obviously. I can't tell you that I see the data on enough of a daily basis to say, hey, has it flattened? Is it moving around? I don't really know. I think the trend of utilization being down continues. And in terms of what that means, I don't have the exact number this year to compare it to tell you last year and what that stabilized.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I know that's not much of an answer. Unfortunately, that's one bit of data I don't have, so...
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: It sounds like, I mean, without  so you don't have the data, but it also sounds like it is not clear that it has actually stopped getting worse, necessarily.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I don't  I certainly have not anecdotally had any feedback or input from the guys saying, hey, good news as the oil and gas guys are starting to fly more or back looking for new aircraft.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. Okay. Thank you.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: And our next question will come from Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sam.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Can you talk a little bit about  I know you're going to show more on the Longitude, but there were discussions last week about delays on the whole Silvercrest engine line, and can you just talk about how that's impacting the timeline for that plane?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. I mean, I want to sort of stop short of doing product announcements at this point, but I would say that we're certainly aware of what's going on with the Silvercrest. That does not have an impact in terms of the Longitude and its launch date in late 2017. There's a lot of work that's been going on in terms of our portfolio in the jets business, particularly the higher end of our jet business, and I think it will all start to make more sense once you see what happens at NBAA. So we'll talk about our whole product line and portfolio and what's going on there in the large cabin segment for us, and I think it will all make sense in the fact that we have a clear line of sight to Longitude in 2017 and the product portfolio beyond that.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then just to go back, can you talk a little bit about some of the demand in the non-jet programs? Just because we saw both Collins and Garmin talk about some weakness, it seems like that would imply King Airs and some of the Beech products might be having some pressure. Can you just talk about some of the demand in that area?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So if you look at the King Air, the numbers we give you guys, we had 29 in the quarter versus 30 a year ago. We've been a few aircraft lighter in each of the previous quarters as well, so the volume would be down, but only a couple, two, three aircraft on a year-over-year basis. So the King Air, I think, is continuing to do fine. Caravan deliveries will be, in my view, roughly, probably flat on a year-over-year basis. We've had a little bit of softness in China. We've had some good-sized orders in China as well, so Caravans will be kind of flattish on a year-over-year basis. And, frankly, I think we'll be up and we're already up on a year-over-year basis in our piston product line, which are all Garmin as well. So I think if you looked at our year-to-date performance in aircraft at our Garmin base relative to their comments (31:27) marketplace, we're actually up and expect to be up for the total year.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. And one last question is can you just talk a little bit about the Canadian TAPV program? I know it's somewhat unrelated, but the election seems like it might have some impact on what Canada does in the aircraft programs. Has there been anything that would affect the demand or the timing or schedule for TAPV at this point?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Nothing political, certainly. I mean, we've had no indications that there's any change in their strategy with respect to this program. We are in the test phase of the program. And as we talked, this is kind of a race to the end of the fourth quarter, whether we get deliveries this year or we get them in the next year. So the test program continues. Guys are working it. But in terms of any jeopardy or risk from the change politically, we're certainly not aware of any.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: But now sitting at the end of October, you haven't really started the delivery ramp yet in the fourth quarter?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No. No, that's correct.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Ronald Jay Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, guys.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Ronald Jay Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So quick question, I guess, for Frank. What's going on with the balance sheet? Inventories are up $600 million in the quarter, and it just seems like the balance sheet's getting a little bloated. And just curious what's going on?
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, so we've had  we've seen a little bit of inventory build. Obviously, we're very seasonal in terms of kind of what happens with inventories. We had planned the year a little stronger at Bell commercial and we've seen kind of less volume there, as we've indicated, than we would have thought, and the year has been a little bit more backend-loaded than we would have thought. So kind of nothing that is troubling in any perspective, but it is kind of something that we continue to watch. We, obviously, also have been building inventory as we've ramped the Latitude program, and so kind of just in terms of how those kind of the Latitude program will grow from a volume standpoint, we need to begin to flow that inventory through the system. So that has a bit of an impact as well.
Ronald Jay Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Do you have any white tail helicopters sitting in inventory?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We don't talk about kind of white tails in any of this, right? We have production plans. We have delivery forecasts and we try and match those up as best we can. And on the helicopter side, kind of unlike the jet side, you also have long completion activity at times. So kind of how long it takes from kind of beginning to fabricate to actually delivering a helicopter can vary dramatically, depending on the configuration of that helicopter. So there's a fair amount of volatility to that.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Keep in mind we took our production cut in the second quarter of this year. It's now just the third quarter, so it takes some time to catch up with that flow through the...
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think what Doug said, Ron, is when we start these things down the line, we're not going to stop them, so we did cut production schedules. But for the stuff that was in the pipeline, obviously, we can continue that stuff and build it out. In terms of the white tail, remember, there's nobody  you have to flow production, right? So there are certainly orders for all those models of aircraft that go out into 2016. The question's going to be whether  how many of those you do get completed and finished and able to deliver in 2015, but any that are not are already spoken for in orders that you look at in 2016. So there's not aircraft that we don't know what's ever going to happen to that aircraft. But we were running production lines at a higher pace, we cut that back in the second quarter. We are going to finish  go through the final assembly up to the green stage of an aircraft. And then in the helicopter market, the level of customization usually is pretty significant, so those things will then go into the completion process prior to delivery. They're not sitting on a ramp, typically, in a deliverable form.
Ronald Jay Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got you.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I ought to mention, we had a couple V-22s that delivered a week later. So had we measured the balance sheet a week later, it would have had a significant improvement. So it's mostly timing, Ron.
Ronald Jay Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, okay. Fair enough. And then just completely changing gears, what's going on in the golf cart market? How are you guys doing with share and are you seeing any pickup there? Your primary competitor in that market said they've seen some growth in that market. Just curious about what's going on. Nobody ever talks about golf carts.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We talk about golf carts all the time, you guys just never ask about them. No, our golf business is doing great. I'm really happy with it. Our product lineup is in good shape. We've had some nice additions to the family this year in terms of some of the  more on the utility side of the product line in addition to just the basic golf cart. And the business is doing really well.
Ronald Jay Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So are you seeing growth, do you think?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We certainly see some growth, sure.
Ronald Jay Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Cool. Thanks, guys.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Good morning, gents. Just a couple of follow-ups, I guess, covered a lot of ground here. Just back to Cessna margins, I mean, to one of the earlier questions, sequentially, they were actually quite strong and, Scott, you kind of just suggested that's kind of the normal lumpiness and everything going on in the business. But given that lumpiness and our inability to kind of forecast that sort of thing, can you triangulate us a little bit on actually what you're expecting for Cessna margins in the fourth quarter as part of this guidance construct?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Probably not, Jeff. I mean, look, this is why we do the annual guidance because we do get lumps through the quarters in all of our businesses, right? So I think the margin performance  look, we're not going to be able to sustain 40%-plus incrementals on volume, obviously, so I think we will expect to see a considerably lower margin conversion on what growth there is in the fourth quarter. But we'll be probably  look, I think we'll end up a little bit north of our yearly guidance range that we gave you back in the beginning of the year. The performance in the business has been quite good in items of its conversion, so I think the  frankly, compared to the annual guidance number we gave you, we're likely to be light on the revenue side. We've been sort of struggling through that all year. I mean, I think we're doing okay. As I said, I think the U.S. market, the North American market is good. The international markets have been tougher probably than we expected, which means we're, probably from an overall annual guidance, going to be lower on revenue but probably up a little bit in terms of the margin rate from the full year range.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. And then just on Latitude, has there been any meaningful change in order intake on that aircraft now that it's flying and available? Can you provide any color there and any impact that it may have had on other products in the product line?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I mean, we're selling them which is good, right? So I think it's been well-received in the marketplace. So we are booking orders. And we've always  look, there could be some cannibalization within the family, obviously, as you add more products, but we're also up a little bit on Sovereign sales in the quarter as well. So the Sovereign Plus continues to sell as well. Really, those two aircraft are similar, but it's a question whether you want a larger cabin and give up a little bit of range, and single club plus two or you want to go with the big double club and a little bit more range on the Sovereign side. So both aircraft right now are doing well in the market.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: All right. And then just one last one for Frank. It's the time of the year to be thinking about pensions again. Can you give us any color, Frank, on kind of snap the line today on the various metrics, what we might expect in the next year on headwinds or cash funding?
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Jeff, as I always say, there's still a lot of moving pieces. But I think from a cash funding standpoint, we don't expect kind of a need to make any contributions into the defined benefit plan, sort of our defined contribution plan sort of be similar to this year's levels. And from an expense standpoint, a lot of moving parts will not be a headwind unless something were to change dramatically and should be a little bit of a tailwind and, again, it depends on where things come out in terms of returns and discount rates and stuff like that.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Great, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. I think last quarter at Cessna, the aftermarket was a shade lower year-on-year. I'm just curious, can you give us some spot on the Aviation aftermarket trends as well as the Bell aftermarket trends?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Look, I think the fixed wing aviation market this year on the aftermarket is going to be pretty flattish. And I think that just reflects sort of utilization, what utilization numbers that we see in the U.S. around takeoff cycles and such is up a little bit. I think the data is not as good internationally, but it feels like it's probably down a little bit. So kind of netting out the two, I think ex-the incrementals obviously that we're going to see from the first quarter numbers of the additional Beech and (41:25) aftermarket, I think the overall organic number is going to be pretty flattish. On the Bell side, it's going to be down and that's just, I think, not to be unexpected given what's going on in utilization in the helicopter business.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: In the Bell side, is that a deceleration or is that kind of consistent quarter-on-quarter?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Quarter-on-quarter.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I'm just curious if you're seeing aftermarket deterioration.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It was a little stronger in the beginning of the year.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And the only other follow-up for me was on cash flow. So just for the year, and I guess following up on Ron's question, it looks like you'd be probably at the lower end of the range for this year, maybe given kind of performance year-to-date, but maybe in 2016 given the inventory build, you might have a cleaner trajectory to have a little bit better cash conversions. Is that the right way to think about it?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think it's all dependent on how volume plays out here in the balance of the year, right? I mean, you get down to the end of the year, every dollar of revenue translates into a dollar of cash. But I think the way you've categorized it, obviously, we think if things go the way we'd like to see them go, we'll be in fine shape in terms of the cash guidance number that we've given you. Obviously, I think this rolls over into 2016, but our current plans would have us solidly in the guidance that we've given you.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: And the next question comes from Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton. Please go ahead.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Yeah, good morning, guys. I just had a question about the TRU simulator business, just because you guys have called out the 737 MAX opportunity as being fairly sizeable, and I'm just wondering when the first simulator delivery would be and kind of how fast the ramp is.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, the initial  the contract that we talked about before is with Boeing to provide their 737 MAX for their flight test programs and their training centers. They've already exercised the first few incremental units to go into their training centers, and there's a number of options left to be exercised on that. I think beyond that the ramp is really going to be driven by individual airlines, as they get closer to taking deliveries of their 737 MAXes, so that's probably still a ways downstream just given the schedule of the 737 MAX coming into the market. But the development program, which is what it is at this stage of the game working with Boeing to bring that to the market, is going very well. I think we're happy with how the product's coming along and have a lot of engagement with them and are in the process of assembling and building that first unit for their use.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Scott, (44:11) thank you.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jason Gursky with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yeah, good morning, everyone. Frank, can you talk a little bit about Systems backlog and what you expect seasonally as we move into the fourth quarter and how quickly you'd expect the backlog that you have there to convert into revenues?
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Oh, there's so many pieces to a Systems backlog and it's lumpy. So, no, I don't know that I can give you great guidance in terms of kind of how that backlog rolls out. I think we feel good about our kind of sold position, if you will, for Systems for kind of near-term revenue realization, so Systems is a lot more about execution. Obviously, we need to continue to take orders and execute on foreign military sales and all the things that we've talked about on the Systems side, but that backlog does provide a path towards near-term revenue performance as long as we execute on those programs.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay; great. And then you talked a little bit about the H-1 ramp. Can you talk about the impact on margins in the out years as the H-1 ramps?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think it's only goodness for us, right? I mean, it's a very solid program, the incremental volume which we've just received that order which includes the next lots of the Marine Corps, as well as starting now the Pakistan deal. So those incrementals, as we  they'll probably have a little bit of benefit in 2016 as we start  stuff goes into the production cycle, obviously, but the revenue recognition and margin deliveries will be 2017 and 2018, but certainly any additional volume is good for us incrementally. So probably not a material impact in 2016 but beneficial to us in 2017, 2018 as we see that increased number of deliveries. You add six to 10 H-1s a year, that's good business.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Right. Okay, great. And then, Scott, what do you think the earliest timeframe is for volume increase in the V-22s, given the international demand that's come in?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's probably pretty similar actually. We now have the options that have been exercised to support the first five for Japan, and it's a similar kind of story, right? We'll start -- the long lead activity in production will start to ramp a little bit in 2016, but those deliveries technically are slated to 2018. I think there's possibility that we can try to get a couple of those pulled back to 2017, but we'll have to work on the customer as we go forward but  so not a lot of impact in 2016; beneficial certainly in 2017 and 2018.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then last one. Frank, what are you assuming for corporate expenses end of (47:19) year, end of the fourth quarter that's baked into your guidance?
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, we had been in the $175 million from a guidance standpoint. It should be lighter than that. Some of that is share price performance year-to-date. But we've got pretty good cost control going on, so we'll be less than that $175 million number.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, great. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: And the next question will come from Johnny Wright with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Jonathan David Wright - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Good morning, guys. So just sticking on the V-22 and the H-1 kind of the international side, how do you kind of size the opportunity there from an order perspective in terms of where are you looking at, where's the best opportunities on the H-1 and the V-22 and how should we expect that to play out over the next few years?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, look, we always struggle with predicting foreign military sales. And there's a number of customers that are, I would say, in active discussions on both V-22 and H-1. The difficulty on these things is just the timing of how long does it take to come to closure on. And I think it took a lot longer, frankly, than we would have expected on V-22 for the first deal to come in, but it did come in which is good, so I think that generates some momentum for us. We are in discussions. We collectively, ourselves and the U.S. government, with several other V-22 potential customers and several H-1 customers as well. And so I've only been wrong 100% of the time when it comes to trying to predict the timing from those deals transitioning from discussions to under contract. So I would say I have a high degree of confidence that they will come to contract. The timing is hard to predict.
Jonathan David Wright - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay, well, appropriate. I have another question for you --
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's probably not a very fulfilling answer but, look, it's the reality. FMS deals are just difficult to come all the way to closure.
Jonathan David Wright - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Well, this is going to be appropriate then. So, Scorpion -- where are we at from an FMS standpoint? How do you kind of see the demand playing out there and, timing-wise, where do you think it's most likely to fall now in terms of first order?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, the criticality for us on Scorpion right now is really around certification. The aircraft has been seen and flown by a lot of prospective customers. They're very excited about the aircraft. They love the performance. They love the price point. We need to get a certification program going. I think we're very close to doing that. Obviously from our internal perspective, the production of the conforming aircraft to go into flight test cert is coming along very well. We expect that conforming aircraft to be flying in probably the first into the second quarter next year. And I think that as a result of a lot of work over the past year, we are getting pretty close to having a clean path to an airworthiness certification, which is critical to be able to close deals with customers. I think there's a lot of interest. But the certification box is one we need to be able to check, so we're doing everything we need to do to take care of all the design and manufacturing side of it, and I think here pretty shortly we'll have a clear path to be able to talk to customers about the certification process, which is going to be good and critical to closing on first orders.
Jonathan David Wright - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: So is it fair to assume something like second half 2016 first order, so shipment in 2017 maybe, is that a best-case assumption?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Something along those timelines, that's...
Jonathan David Wright - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Yeah. Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: And our next question is going to come from Justin Bergner with Gabelli & Company. Please go ahead, sir.
Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Good morning, Scott. Good morning, Frank.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Justin.
Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Most of my questions have been answered. I was going to ask in regards to Textron Aviation margins, is there anything in the 2015 margin performance that will stand out as a positive that creates headwinds as we look into sort of the potential for 2016 Aviation margins?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, I don't think so. There's no unusual or no onetime kind of stuff in there. I mean, that's  as reported, it's pretty clean.
Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Okay, great. And second question, as you sort of move on from  or I guess as the Sikorsky deal moves toward completion and as you hopefully work down your inventory and have a lighter balance sheet, have free cash flow priorities changed at all in the organization or perhaps just give us an update as to where they stand today?
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It's exactly the same which is, obviously, we're continuing to invest heavily back into organic growth of the business, but kind of that's not a  necessarily flows through the cash flow statement item, but it's to focus on some of our free cash flow and acquisitions to the extent available and we continue to do that. And then otherwise to the extent there's excess cash, to return that through opportunistic share repurchase activities. So it all remains the same level of priorities.
Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: And our next question will come from George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Yeah, just a couple of follow-ups. Could you give us, Scott, what percent of the orders in the quarter were from North America in Aviation?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Aviation, it's roughly around 80%/20% right now, George.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Okay. And the percentage of commercial helicopters that you see to the oil and service business?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Quite low.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That's what we were saying earlier, George, we don't really have good data on that. It's kind of hard, for one thing, sometimes you sell a helicopter to a utility operator and what the end use of that is sometimes a little difficult to discern.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we have  I mean, we have a number of  there's a number of big helicopter operators out there, George, and they put those helicopters into use for  remember, they're  we don't usually sell directly to an oil and gas guy. We sell to these helicopter operators who are then under contract, but they have contracts with oil and gas operators, they have contracts with emergency medical services operators, they have contracts with utility operators. So, we have to be careful. I can't just say, hey, I sold a helicopter to that firm. What's their end use? And, frankly, they could repurpose the flight, and you see that, right? So there's guys out there right now that probably have fewer contract hours with oil and gas guys but they've repurposed that aircraft to go execute either utility or emergency medical services or things like that. So it's kind of not really a number I have specifically that we can track exactly directly through it. Obviously, there's some guys out there that almost all they do is oil and gas and we know that, but I think that the number  and the reason I say it's quite low I really think most of these guys right now are repurposing aircraft into other markets other than oil and gas, and the aircraft that they are taking from us are primarily going into service in emergency medical and applications like that.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Yeah, okay. So you're kind of making a guesstimate and figuring it's a pretty low number?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I mean, we work with these customers, we know them, but it's not something that  there's no system tracking this. It's really just our knowledge of what are their flight hours, what are they repurposing. And, again, it's more anecdotal, right? It's not, okay, I can tell you it's 17 helicopters this year got switched over from oil and gas. We don't have that kind of a hard number for you, so it's more of a color discussion.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Okay. And then just a last quick one. Aftermarket growth in the Aviation business, I assume it was kind of flat to down a little bit consistent with what you've been saying for the year.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Correct. It was pretty flat.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Okay. Thanks very much again.
Operator: And no further questions in queue at this time.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President-Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
Operator: And that does conclude the conference for today. This conference will be made available for replay after 10:00 this morning and running through January 26 at midnight. You can access the AT&T Executive playback service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 337221. International parties may dial 1-320-365-3844. Those numbers again: 1-800-475-6701 and 1-320-365-3844 with the access 337221. That concludes our conference for today. Thanks for your participation and using AT&T TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President-Investor Relations Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Sam J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. Julian C. H. Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC Sheila K. Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jeff T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jonathan David Wright - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in standing by. Welcome to the Textron second quarter earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode, and later, there will be an opportunity for question. And as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Doug Wilburne.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Justin, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO, and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Textron's revenues in the quarter were $3.2 billion, down $258 million from last year second quarter. Income from continuing operations was $0.60 per share, up from $0.51 in the second quarter of 2014. Textron Aviation operating results included a $6 million reduction to segment profit from fair value step-up adjustments to acquire Beechcraft inventories sold during the quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions of $14 million was $106 million, compared to $270 million in last year's second quarter. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everybody. Revenues were up at Systems and Industrial, but down at Bell and Textron Aviation, which led to an overall 7.3% decrease in manufacturing revenues in the quarter. Manufacturing segment profit was approximately flat year-over-year, reflecting good margin results at Aviation Bell and Industrial despite the decline in revenue. At Bell, the decline in revenues was primarily due to lower volume in our V-22 program, where we delivered six V-22s, down from 10 aircraft a year ago. We also delivered six H-1 aircraft, down from eight units from last year's second quarter, but still expect to deliver about 25 units for the full year. On the commercial side, we delivered 39 aircraft, down from 46 a year ago. During the quarter, consistent with our previous announcement, we reduced our commercial production levels and took cost action. This should allow us to perform within our full-year segment margin guidance range despite a lower production rate and lower expected delivery volumes. Commercial helicopter markets remain challenging primarily in the medium segment, but Bell's win rate continues to improve, so we still expect that commercial deliveries will be up modestly for the year. On the new product front, the 525 Relentless made its first flight on July 1, marking an important milestone and bringing this helicopter to market. Customer anticipation of this new platform remained strong as we received LOIs for an additional 30 525s during the quarter. There've also been a number of recent positive foreign military developments at Bell. In July, we received our first FMS order for V-22 (3:15) contract with Japan to deliver the first five of 17 expected total units. These five units represent options exercised under the existing U.S. multi-year contract and will be incremental to our V-22 delivery schedule in 2018. We expect a follow-on order for the remaining 12 units, which will be part of a future contract with the U.S. government. Earlier this month, Bell was selected by Japan to team with Fuji Heavy Industries for Japan's UHX program to replace its aging fleet of Hueys. The program calls for delivery of 150 transport aircraft based on the militarized version of our 412EPI model with scheduled deliveries of over 20 years beginning in 2021. This agreement is a very positive development for supporting our 412 platform well into the future. We believe the growth outlook for the years remains strong, driven by our expanded global sales efforts, continuing commercial product upgrades, new products on the way and foreign military sales opportunities. Moving to Systems. As expected, margins were down in the quarter, primarily driven by a change in product mix. At TMLS, we continue to make good progress on our Canadian TAPV program with final testing scheduled to begin next month, so we're still on track for initial deliveries in the fourth quarter. At Unmanned Systems, our fee-for-service platforms are performing well and we've been awarded additional customer task orders based on this positive performance. At TRU Simulation + Training, we received certification and have begun customer pilot training in our new Tampa facility. Looking forward to Systems, we expect an improvement in segment revenues and margins during the second half of the year, reflecting a pickup in product delivery. Moving to Industrial. We achieved a 3.7% increase in revenues after a 7.7% negative impact from foreign exchange, primarily reflecting increased volumes at Kautex, Specialized Vehicles and Jacobsen. However, industrial profit was down, reflecting a decrease in our Tools & Test business which experienced some market softness and delivery timing issues. While foreign exchange had a particularly large impact on revenues at Kautex in the quarter, we had strong volumes in North America, Europe and Asia, reflecting continued growth in auto markets. At Tools & Test, we recently expanded our international tool business through a purchase of our partner's interest in our Endura-Greenlee joint venture, a professional tool company based in China producing over 3,000 products. At Specialized Vehicles, we're seeing very strong market performance of our new airport Ground Support Equipment business, which was created through the acquisitions of TUG Technologies and Douglas Equipment businesses. On the new product front at Jacobsen, we began initial deliveries of our new Truckster HD (sic) [XD] (5:53) heavy-duty utility vehicle during the quarter. Wrapping up with Textron Aviation, we delivered 36 jets and 30 King Airs compared to 36 jets and 34 King Airs last year. Margins of the Aviation segment improved significantly despite lower volumes, reflecting a lower fair value step-up adjustments and the benefit of cost efficiencies derived from last year's Beechcraft acquisition. Our strategy of investing in new products continues to pay off as we received FAA certification of the Latitude in June and should begin deliveries next month. The Latitude enters service with a range of 2,850 nautical miles, up from its previously advertised range of 2,700 nautical miles, as well as best-in-class operating costs, which are up to 20% lower than competing aircraft. We also firmed up NetJets' initial Latitude delivery schedule and will begin those deliveries in the first half of next year. Our upgraded (06:47-06:49) continues to do well and we received certifications from Brazil ANAC [Agncia Nacional de Aviao Civil] which should open up new international opportunities for this model. In May at EBACE [European Business Aviation Convention & Exhibition], we announced that our King Air turboprops will be equipped with the Rockwell Collins Pro Line Fusionavionics system and upgraded cabin features and have subsequently received FAA certification for the King Air 250. We also announced at EBACE that Wheels Up would be exercising an option to purchase an additional 35 350i King Airs under our existing contract. At last week's Oshkosh AirVenture [EAA AirVenture Oshkosh] show, we announced our plan to develop a new single-engine turboprop. This plane has a clean sheet design with a target range of more than 1,500 nautical miles, a speed of greater than 280 knots and best-in-class operating costs. We're aiming at a segment of the market that we currently do not serve, so this product will nicely complement our existing aviation product lineup. Moving to the Scorpion program, we had an active quarter demonstrating the aircraft's unique capabilities. For example, instructors and student pilots from the U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School conducted evaluation flights of the Scorpion during a four-day event in May, where the airplane demonstrated its cost effectiveness, availability and reliability. Internationally, the Scorp team made trips to South America for demo flights and then flew to Europe to participate in the Paris and RIAT [Royal International Air Tattoo] Air Shows. Between air shows, the Scorpion also flew demonstrations for multiple European militaries, including the UK Royal Navy and Air Force. To sum up the quarter, good margin results at Textron Aviation, Bell and Industrial contribute to solid overall financial performance despite a decrease in overall revenues. We are confirming our full year guidance for both earnings and cash flow as we expect top line growth in each of our segments during the second half will drive strong earnings and cash flow. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $306 million, up $2 million from the second quarter of 2014 on a $250 million (08:41) decrease in revenues. Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues were down $59 million from this period last year, primarily reflecting a change in the mix of jets delivered in the quarter. Aviation had a profit of $88 million compared to $28 million a year ago. This was driven by improved performance, reflecting a $27 million lower fair value step-up adjustment and the benefit of the integrated cost structure of Beechcraft and Cessna. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1.4 billion, $145 million higher than at the end of the first quarter. Moving to Bell. Revenues were down $269 million, primarily reflecting lower aircraft deliveries and last year's $41 million impact from the settlement of the SDD phase of the ARH program. Segment profit decreased $40 million from the second quarter of 2014, primarily reflecting the lower deliveries and a $16 million favorable impact in 2014 related to the ARH program, partially offset by favorable performance. With respect to our cost actions, we incurred approximately $40 million in severance costs during the quarter. The net impact on segment profit in the quarter was insignificant due to cost savings from head count reductions and the impact of including the allowable portion of these costs in our indirect cost rates for U.S. government contracts. Looking forward to the rest of the year, savings from the actions will help offset the P&L impact of lower production and deliveries, enabling us to maintain our original Bell margin guidance of 11% to 12%. At Textron Systems, revenues were up $40 million, primarily due to higher Unmanned Systems and Marine & Land volumes, partially offset by lower Weapons & Sensor volumes. Segment profit was down $13 million, reflecting an unfavorable product mix during quarter. Industrial revenues increased $33 million due to higher overall volumes, partially offset by a $69 million unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Segment profit decreased $8 million reflecting lower performance, partially offset by the impact of the higher volumes. Finance segment revenues decreased $3 million and profit increased $3 million. Moving below the segment profit line, last year's second quarter financials included an acquisition and restructuring line reflecting $20 million in costs related to the Beechcraft acquisition. Corporate expenses were $33 million and our tax rate was 29.9%. Interest expense was $32 million, down $4 million from the last year. During the second quarter of 2015, we repurchased approximately 1.9 million of our shares at an overall cost of about $87 million. To wrap up with guidance, we are confirming expected full year EPS from continuing operations of $2.30 to $2.50 per share and cash flow from continuing operation of the manufacturing group before pension contributions of $550 million to $650 million. That concludes our prepared remarks. So, operator, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Myles Walton of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Morning.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I just wondered if you'd kick off with the texture that you're seeing in the business jet market as it relates to demands. Obviously, a pretty good step-up in backlog here in the quarter, if it's tied to the finalization of the NetJets schedule or if you can just give a broader color picture of the jet backdrop.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, certainly, a part of it is NetJets' miles. As we firmed up those schedules and delivery dates, we do move things into (12:25-12:26). But I would say in general, the North America market seems fairly strong. If you look around the world, I'd say Russia and China in the jet side are pretty weak, although from my perspective those have been largely big iron markets so that hasn't had a huge impact on. Unfortunately, things are still obviously very challenging in Latin America and Europe, both with respect to how those economies are doing as well as the very strong dollar. And so, that's certainly keeping some pressure in those areas, which are historically good markets for the light mid-size business jet. So, it's a bit mixed around the world. I'd say that North America is really what's keeping us fairly strong with relative softness in Latin America and Europe.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then, the aftermarket side, given that utilization seems reasonably tepid, is aftermarket slowing, is it stable modestly (13:24)?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It's been a little tepid. I mean I think we had a pretty strong first quarter, certainly a weaker second quarter. But I would still expect on a full year basis, we're going to be in that kind of mid, low-single digit overall growth in terms of the aftermarket in the Aviation business.
Myles Alexander Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Sam J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Morning, Sam.
Sam J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Frank, when you had gone through it, you talked about still comfortable at 11% to 12% for the Bell margins. Just looking at the 7.6% margin here in Aviation the second quarter, are you still comfortable now? Does it now look like the high end or above the 6.5% to 7.5%? I guess if not, I'm just trying to think about what would be the negative if we look at the second half.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It's going to be volume-dependent. But as we said earlier in the year, I think if we see kind of the volumes that we've indicated we should be at the upper end of that margin (14:28) and have some opportunity there because we are seeing good productivity right across Textron Aviation.
Sam J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then certainly, a month or so ago Sikorsky talked a lot about the oil and gas market's impact on the aftermarket in Bell. Are you seeing anything from that front, where it's noticeable in the Bell aftermarket?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, for sure. I mean, the aftermarket, particularly in the oil and gas area, is certainly softer. Utilization rates are probably down somewhat (15:04) in that area. But I would say we have a fairly diverse installed base of aircraft operating in an awful lot of different industries. And so, I think net, all things together, we would still expect for us a fairly flat year in total aftermarket for the helicopter business.
Sam J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard of Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Scott, on the BizJet metrics, another thing you've talked about in the past is pricing in the used market and also the inventory there. And I was wondering, I know it's very short term, but how that's developed over the last three months.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, the inventory metrics certainly continue to be favorable. We're down to both on a percent basis and an absolute number of aircraft out there that are available for sale at levels, really, that go back into the mid-2000s kind of number. So, I think the metrics in terms of what's available out there is pretty favorable. Pricing has certainly stabilized. I mean you still on a year-over-year basis see depreciation obviously of any given model year, but the rate is kind of in historical norms, I guess, I'd say at this point. And we're actually seeing again some uptick on pricing on a model-by-model basis, particularly as that inventory gets fairly tight. So, I think the used market is becoming certainly less of a competitor than what we've seen over the last few years. So, that's, generally speaking, a pretty favorable trend that continues.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And the second question, maybe bigger picture, there seems to be pickup in M&A across the sector we see with Sikorsky. Also, in automotive and some defense, IT assets for sale. I was wondering if this has had any impact on your view of the world and your desire to do deals going forward.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Not really. Obviously, we keep an eye on all the segments we play in. And as assets come and go, we keep an eye on those things. But no, I don't think it's  we certainly haven't seen anything that would alter our strategy or how we think about things. We look at things that are in our spaces. We continue to be out there looking at things that we think are nice bolt-ons that will help strengthen our businesses. And, yeah, I think now we're in a period where an awful lot of assets are still pretty highly valued, and we're not going to overpay for anything but we do continue to keep our eye out.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, that's great. Thanks so much.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr of Cowen & Company.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yes, thank you very much. So, Scott, getting back to the Aviation book-to-bill of 1.2 times, if we take out the NetJets orders what would it have been and could you give us some color by products, both between Cessna and Beech and specifically the Latitude?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, Cai, we're not going to start giving any kind of breakout on a model-by-model in terms of the backlog. As I said, in terms of color I will say that obviously we did book some of the NetJets deals because they've now been firmed up and have delivery dates. I would say, Latitude, we continue to be very pleased with sort of the market receptivity. There's a lot of activity going on. There's a pretty extensive list of customers that have been looking at the aircraft, taking demo flights in the aircraft, and we expect that that will convert into ongoing backlog as we go forward. So, we feel great about the aircraft. It gets great feedback from customers and I think the model will do very well.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you. And then, switching to Bell, that was an extraordinarily large severance charge of $40 million. Frank, how much of that $40 million was absorbed as an allowable expense in the quarter?
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Cai, again, we're not going to get into the details of kind of how that all flows through. Again, a meaningful portion of it kind of does flow through our rates just given the mix of our business at Bell and the nature of those costs. And kind of, again, as we said, when you look at the cost that were absorbed in the quarter relative to the savings generated and other impacts, kind of it did not have a meaningful impact. Obviously, on a go-forward basis, we will then kind of need to  those costs will flow through our cost structure but obviously we'll benefit from the savings associated with the cost reduction activities as well.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: But you did almost...
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It all gets very complicated in terms of how that all rolls through.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski of Drexel Hamilton.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Good morning, guys.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Morning
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Scott, how should we think about the lack of an authorization at the Ex-Im Bank potentially impacting you in the second half of the year or in 2016? Is there any impact there at all?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: None.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: None at all? Okay.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, no.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: And then, I just want to ask  okay.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, I'm sorry, Pete. We don't have any Ex-Im facilities or (20:22) Ex-Im financing at this stage, so.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay. And then, just to confirm some of the things I think has been out there in the press, 525, we shouldn't factor in first deliveries until 2017, is that fair?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's correct, yeah.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Shapiro of Shapiro Research.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Good morning. Inventories were up $200 million in the quarter and $500 million year-to-date. Is that reflecting a buildup for deliveries of Latitudes, a higher production rate in the second half of the year, or what actually is contributing to it?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, there's two big impacts there, George. Certainly, one is the Latitude buildup. So, those deliveries will start next month and through the balance of the year. But obviously, we've had a lot of work in progress and stuff progressing here into finished goods in the Latitude program. And then the other, of course, is at Bell. So, we have slowed down the production rates, but, clearly, in the latter part of last year, coming into this year, just given the cycle time of production, a lot of those helicopters have already been built. So we had significant inventory build at Bell, which also should bleed off through the balance of the year.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Okay. And then my other question, if you could talk, Scott, increase in the backlog, if you could break, was it all jets, props or did military have a part? If you kind of just at least give some color as to where the increase came from.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, we're not going to break down independently, George. Look, we don't want to tell you -when we have a big military deal, obviously we announce that and we'll talk about that. There weren't any big announcements in the quarter, obviously, but we're going to  so we'll provide that level of color when there's a big military deal or something of that nature, but there were no such activities in this particular quarter.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Okay, thanks very much.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky of Citi.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey, good morning, everyone.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Morning.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Scott and Frank, I was just wondering if you could comment on the back half of the year with regard to your guidance and where the opportunities and risk might lie in your ability to hit your guidance rates.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, sure, Jason. Obviously, we have a lot that's going to happen here in the second half of the year. Aviation sort of has its normal cycle, which tends to be stronger in the back half of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter, than it is in the first half of the year. We clearly think we're in a position to execute on that. Obviously, that requires the market to still be supporting ongoing orders. But we think we have a pretty good line of sight to the amount of activity that's going on. But as Frank alluded to earlier, still a lot of aircraft to sell, but feeling pretty good about where we are. Similarly, at Bell, obviously the military side is well understood but there still are a certain level of order activity that has to happen to support our view of the second half at Bell. Systems is primarily just executing on the programs that we have. Again, a clear line of sight in terms of what those deliveries need to be. Our Canadian TAPV program, obviously, is very important to us. So, I think the testing program has gone very well so far but we have to enter into the formal customer test here in the next month or so and successfully complete that so we can begin the initial deliveries on that program. But if we successfully work our way through the testing, then we should be able to meet those milestones. So, I think, again, there's still a fair bit of selling to be done in both the fixed wing aviation and the helicopter business to make it happen, but we think we'll be able to get there. In terms of upside, as again Frank alluded earlier, the Aviation business is executing extraordinarily well in both new product programs as well as manufacturing production efficiencies. And I think if we can deliver on the volumes that are in the plan, that's probably where we can have some upside to our guidance.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): That's great. And then, going back to Cai's question on book-to-bill at Aviation, would it have been above one without the NetJets order? And can you just, on the NetJets, just describe to us over what period of time those orders will be fulfilled? Thanks.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Predominantly, we firmed up what's going to happen in 2016 and some in the early part of 2017. So as we said, we're going to put those into backlog as we get, obviously, deposits as well as firm commitment dates. And, look, I'm sorry guys, but we're not going to provide any breakout or breakdown on a model-by-model in the backlog in any of the business. I mean, just not something that's normally done.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, thanks.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi, Noah.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Scott, are there any legacy Cessna jets, so not the Latitude, that are now sold out more than six months down the road?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't think we want to get into our  again, model-by-model sales forecasting, so I don't think we'll provide any guidance.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Or perhaps could you just touch on whether or not lead times on average in a legacy aircraft have extended or if it's roughly the same as where it was the last time you updated us?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It's roughly where it's been, Noah. There hasn't been any dramatic change on the legacy aircraft front. How far out we are, it does vary model-by-model as we've said in the past. But I wouldn't get into specifics on a model-by-model basis for sure.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then, just going back to the Aviation segment margin, I guess I'm wondering why you or how you won't end the year much higher than the current range. You're basically in the range in the first half. You're typically much better in the second than the first half. It looks like you had almost a 30% sequential incremental margin there if I strip out the inventory step-up. Perhaps, you could maybe touch on the driver of that performance. Then, if I just kind of use 20% in the third and fourth quarter, I can get almost a full 200 basis points ahead of the mid-point of the guidance range there. So, is there a missing new component in the back half?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't think there's a big missing piece here, Myles (sic) [Noah] (27:28), in terms of your analysis. I think that if we can drive the volume in the second half of the year, that we'll see stronger margins. And that's why I commented earlier with one of the other questions, I think that we can exceed our guidance range on the Aviation side. But again, that is predicated on seeing the continued strength in the market, particularly North America, that we've seen, to help drive that volume. We're always going to have a little bit of a mix here with the military side versus the commercial side, and military deliveries we're continuing to perform under our JPAT contracts, so those will result in lower incremental margins. I mean, that's relatively lower margin mixes as we go forward compared to the incrementals on the commercial side. But again, I think the bigger issue here will be can we drive the volume in the second half of the year.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thanks very much.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Julian C. H. Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, thank you. Just a question on capital allocation. You bought back some stock in Q2, hadn't bought back any in Q1. So, when we're thinking about a placeholder for this year, obviously absent any major M&A moves, should we assume a sort of $300 million to $400 million level like you spent last year as a good sort of placeholder?
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, again, our capital allocation has not changed. So, as we've said, we're going to buy back stock at least to offset the dilution associated with our share purchase programs. And I've indicated, we will pay down a little bit of bank debt associated with the Beechcraft acquisition this year. But kind of a number in that range, assuming that kind of there are not other applications of capital, is not an unreasonable range.
Julian C. H. Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you. And then, my second question around the Bell commercial helicopter sort of delivery outlook. Was there any kind of change in tempo as you went through Q2 in terms of customer appetite for deliveries? And should we expect that delivery schedule in the second half to be fairly even or is it very kind of Q4 loaded on the commercial Bell? Thank you.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It's probably going to be more Q4 loaded as it sort of typically is, Julian. I think the appetite, like a lot of our customers, particularly both oil and gas directly as well as a lot of the petrodollar-based economies, seem to be kind of getting their head around a stabilized lower dollar per barrel of oil. So, I think we're going through a normal cycle here. Things shut off pretty hard over the last 18 months, I would expect to sort of see some recovery as we go forward but it's going to be modest and at least there's a fair bit of customer activity discussions going on but it's going to be awhile probably for those things to come to fruition. But in terms of our particular guidance, we always end up with a higher mix, particularly in the 412s that are in the fourth quarter of the year versus the third quarter.
Julian C. H. Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Strauss of UBS
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. Scott, on the Latitude and thinking about their ramp up there, obviously on the M2 you had a pretty aggressive ramp up, CJ4 a pretty aggressive ramp up. Are we looking at a similar kind of ramp up on the Latitude at those two aircraft?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we are. I think from a production standpoint, it ramps fairly quickly. Obviously, we'll have our initial deliveries here in the third quarter, but again it will be heavier into the fourth quarter as that production ramp goes. But the production facilities, capabilities, tooling, everything is in place to meet what we believe is the expected demand, and I think we're going to be in pretty good shape on it. Our cost is where we expect it to be, so its margin rates should be consistent with what we see in our mid-size jet market today.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: And the NetJets' order, is that still 25 firm or have they exercised any of their options?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, I'm sorry, David, I don't recall the exact numbers. I thought the firm was a bigger number than that. But anyway, this is all the delivery commitments that we've moved into backlog obviously are under that initial firm order contract.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And a last one, Frank, the inventory step-up related to Beech, is that all now behind us?
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, there's a couple million dollars left but it's essentially done.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu of Jefferies.
Sheila K. Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Sheila K. Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Thanks for taking my question. Just you provided some very helpful color in terms of geographic color in business jets. Can you maybe provide an update on what you're seeing, buying behavior patterns from different end market customers?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, Sheila, I'd have to say that most of the -- I mean, if you look at our product mix, and when you think about M2s up through really the XLS space, we still continue to see the strength of that market around small, midsize businesses, a lot of family-owned stuff, a lot of owner operators, individuals of that sort. I'd say that particularly as we look at the Latitude, Latitude, when we look at that list of prospective customers, clearly, as they go into the fractional market, that's a pretty diverse group of everything from high-net individuals to corporates, but the Latitude whole aircraft sales are very heavily biased towards corporate buyers. So these are corporate flight departments. The attractiveness of that aircraft, the cabin size, the range and performance, while there's some high-net-worth and some smaller businesses, it is dominated by more corporate interest.
Sheila K. Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then just one more on Bell. In terms of the restructuring, do you have an update on what the cost savings is for this year and maybe what it looks like for next year?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I'm not sure we would really break out specific numbers, Sheila. Obviously, the costs were virtually all incurred here in the second quarter. As Frank said, the nature of program accounting and the way that impacts the rates and flows through production, we kind of expect it to net out to not much of an impact here this year. What it means in terms of next year, obviously, we have savings associated with those actions. But, by design, that was intended to offset the fact that we expect to have lower production volumes as we go into next year. So, from a margin rate perspective, we're not obviously going to guide to that yet. I mean, that's something we'll have to talk about for 2016. It will largely be dependent on what we think will happen in terms of volume at Bell for 2016 as to whether that's a tailwind or not.
Sheila K. Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Got it. Thanks.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein of Bank of America.
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Hey, good morning, guys.
Unknown Speaker: Good morning. (35:33)
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I'm trying to not beat a dead horse here, but maybe get at it at a different angle. You guys said in the North American market it's good activity, it feels good. Can you give any more color around that, like, what that means, how much tire kicking is going on, how tire kicking is converting into orders, that kind of thing? Is there any way you can give us a better feel for, like, what good means?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think it is good if we can take more orders than we sell. Right? So, I mean, I think the backlog changes is something that I think is good for us regardless of where the end market is, but I think most of the color that we're trying to provide here is I think we look at the world right now as kind of an 80% North American market and a 20% international market. And that really is driven by the fact that the dollar is very strong. Latin American economies are very challenged. Europe is probably kind of going sideways. But the strong U.S. dollar makes big ticket capital items pretty expensive. So, I mean, that's just kind of the way I would kind of look around the world. We feel pretty good about what's going on in North America. There's deals that are converting from opportunities into hard orders and sales are happening. So, we still need that to continue through the balance of the year to get to where we want to be. But when we look at the conversion of that activity into actual order book and we look at the kind of the level of activity that's going on in terms of prospect lists, we feel pretty good about it
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. And then maybe just one quick follow-on. You mentioned that you had a good productive quarter with Scorpion. You brought it to South America. How much closer are we to actually nailing down a deal on the Scorpion?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Oh, we have a number that are in the works. So, one of the challenges -- just a normal part of a process on any kind of a military customer deal is you also have to get to the final aircraft configuration. And so, while we've been thrilled with the performance of the aircraft and all the work that we've done, we have a couple of things that we're doing to the aircraft. We'll have a conforming version of the aircraft that's appropriate to go into certification testing in the first half of next year, and that's really the aircraft that customers will look at to make that final buying decision. So there's a number of interests. There's a lot of demo flights coming on. There's places we've taken the aircraft. There's customers that have come to Wichita to fly the aircraft, to look at the aircraft. So there's a bunch of activity out there, but we need to get this thing to its final production configuration and get into cert tests, which is in the first half of next year.
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. So, not to put you on the spot, but it will. Do you think we could see one before the end of the year, or is that a long shot?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, I don't think before the end of the year.
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Okay. So maybe next year. All right, that's cool. Thank you so much.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research.
Jeff T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Jeff. Good morning.
Jeff T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hey. Just a couple of quick ones. Scott, just thinking about the Latitude launch, obviously, the mission and price and range and everything on the Sovereign, XLS are different, et cetera, but do you see some cannibalization around the edge as you launch that? And how would you characterize it? Do you think of Latitude being 80% incremental to your volume or some other number? And I guess, regardless of whether or not you think there's any cannibalization as it launches, is the launch mix negative to you once you kind of get the initial units out the door?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Jeff, so I think 80/20 might be the right number. I mean, we always have customers that are looking at more than one model and trying to decide how to match their mission, be it range, payload, et cetera, and how they decide which of our products. I would say that there's a pretty significant price difference between an XLS+ and a Latitude. So, I wouldn't say there's zero in there, but when people are looking at those two aircraft, it is a pretty significant price difference, it's a big range difference, it's a big cabin difference. So, I think those two are very different aircraft. I think we do have some customers that will look at a Latitude and a Sovereign. And in that case, they kind of have to make the decision based on a Sovereign has some additional range and some additional seating capacity, and that's really what then drives that decision between a Sovereign versus a Latitude. From our perspective, from a production, manufacturing operation, it really is kind of a wash. So, we're able to kind of work with the customer and say which aircraft best fits what you need, and they pick the aircraft that makes sense, that there's no reason for us to have a reason to bias it one way or the other.
Jeff T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Great. Thanks. And then just back on M&A, somebody asked earlier, but it does certainly sound or look like you were deep in the hunt on Sikorsky. Should we think of that as just being obviously an iconic asset that may be for sale once every 70 years and, of course, you're going to have to look at something that? Or are you actually more actively looking at things and cultivating as opposed to maybe just waiting for things to kind of come across the transom?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I guess, I won't comment  I can't, shouldn't probably comment too much on the Sikorsky deal. There's certainly been plenty of media coverage on that. And the media is the media. So, I think what we would say is we always keep an eye out for assets that are in our spaces. We are always looking and sort of thinking about things that would make sense for us or would not make sense for us, and that's the path we'll stay on.
Jeff T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman of JPMorgan.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much and good morning. I just wanted to ask about the exposure to China at Kautex, and if you see any slowing there or are concerned about any slowing?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We really haven't. Obviously, Kautex has a number of plants in China in the automotive segment. So if there was any kind of material change in auto demand, that would have an impact on us. But again, Kautex is a big auto business. We've got plants all over the world, and it's not unusual for us to go through cycles where one region is doing better than the other. So, certainly, there's some exposure there to the Chinese automotive market, but it's not something I would be losing a whole lot of sleep over, I guess, at this point.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. And then just to follow up, I guess, looking at Industrial, it seems like you're very much on track to meet the guidance for the year. As you look to the second half, what are kind of the key trends in each of the three areas that gets you there?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think in the Industrial segment, again, we generally saw pretty broad growth in all of the businesses. The only business that was a little soft for us was the Tools & Test business. That had to do with a couple industries that were a little soft in the quarter. We have expected some deals that we thought would close that didn't close, some of which I actually now closed as we moved into the third quarter. So I would say those are mostly just timing related. We have obviously seen some softness in the energy market, so we had an awful lot of strength over the last couple of years in the Marcellus, in the Balkans, (43:39) and places like that which have clearly slowed down. So, while there's some macro impact, we believe we'd still see ongoing softness. There were some other areas that I would say were more timing related and we would expect to still be clearly on track to hit our guidance around the Industrial segment.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from Johnny Wright of Nomura.
Jonathan David Wright - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just on Systems, I know you've talked much about the margins there. Maybe can you just flesh out the mix impact you saw in 2Q and how you see that rolling over the second half of the year?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I guess, two of the main things is that, clearly, the vehicle deliveries are very back-end-loaded because of the process of going through all of our testing and completing that program and starting deliveries on our TAPV program, which will be a Q4 event. Otherwise, we've had no deliveries on that program as we wait to get through the test program. So that's been an overall drag. The other is that we have had an awful lot of investment here in the first half of the year around our Simulation business. We've opened a brand-new training center. We've done a lot of simulator design development production work for our own use, including things like the V-280 to demonstrate the performance and capability of that product for sort of for use in customer sales and marketing efforts. And we need that business to swing to a more profitable phase here in the back half of the year. So that's been dragging somewhat on our Systems segment margins as well. But the bottom line is, we have a lot more product delivery here in the back half of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter than we've had in the first half, which is what we expected, frankly.
Jonathan David Wright - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Sure. And then you brought up the V-280. Does Lockheed's acquisition of Sikorsky have any impact on that program given they're going to be on both sides of the competition now? And how do you think about that conflict?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, it certainly doesn't have an immediate impact. We've had Lockheed as one of our teammates on that program. They're doing all the cockpit and mission systems for the aircraft. They've done a great job for us in terms of performing on that design development activity, and we expect that it will stay that way to support heading towards first flight here in 2017. The program's going great, so there's no reason, from our perspective, to see any change in that program on FVL at this time.
Jonathan David Wright - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: All right, guys, thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Justin Bergner of Gabelli & Company.
Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Good morning, everyone.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Morning.
Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company: My first question relates to the pace of corporate expenses. They were down nicely in the first half of the year, $75 million versus $81 million. Could you maybe talk about some of the puts and takes there and how we should think about corporate expenses on a quarterly or annual run rate basis going forward?
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, there is always some volatility in the corporate expense line around both timing of spend and just then the accounting for incentive-based compensation that is impacted by the share price. So, we do get quarterly volatility. Obviously, we're watching our overall controllable expenses very carefully, but there's no change in our expectations around full-year corporate expense coming in around the $170 million, $175 million level.
Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Okay, thank you. One more, if I may. With respect to Lockheed Martin's pending acquisition of Sikorsky, it might be helpful if you were able to comment a bit about some of the opportunities and risks associated with having Sikorsky owned by a new company, being Lockheed Martin, versus United Technologies.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I don't think it changes our perspective of Sikorsky, whether their parent company is UTX or their parent company is Lockheed Martin. The dynamic in terms of competition in the marketplace for us is largely unchanged.
Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Okay. And the Future Vertical Lift program dynamics, will that get sort of sorted out in due time?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think so. Look, as I said earlier, Lockheed has been a great teammate for us on the V-280 program. We're all very focused on getting that aircraft to first flight and executing our commitments with our customer around that program. And then the dynamics of where that program goes from there is very much to be determined. And really not so much having to do with where the Sikorsky ownership is or where Lockheed is, but where does the customer go from there. Still, that program will have to go through this initial demonstrator phase, and then the program will morph, as all programs do, in terms of how it goes into the next steps. So I don't think, at this point, that's driven one way or the other by where Sikorsky or Lockheed are, but where does the customer want to go. But at least what's critical to us is that where we are today and how we execute and complete the tech demonstrator phase program and, importantly, getting into first flight in 2017 is unchanged by who that particular division is owned by and where Sikorsky is.
Justin Laurence Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Great. Thank you for taking my questions.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Steve Levenson of Stifel.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. On the V-22s for Japan, can you tell us please, since that's an option exercise, does the pricing change at all? Or is it the same as the ones within the multiyear agreement now?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: The program when the multiyear 2 contract was negotiated, the provisions for options were laid into that contract. So everything in terms of how it's priced was already all negotiated up-front with the customer.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And on the single-engine turboprop, can you give us an idea how big you think the market is and will it change the research and development spending expectations?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, from an R&D perspective, it's baked into our long-range plan in terms of the Aviation business in total. In terms of the size of that market segment, I'm sorry, I don't have all those charts in front of me at the moment, but, I mean, you're really talking about the market today which is largely dominated by the TBM and PC-12 product lines.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thanks very much.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: And we have another question from the line of George Shapiro of Shapiro Research.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Yes. In the Systems margin, Frank, I mean, that was the weakest margin in about three years. So were there any charges in there or was it really just all the performance mix?
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, it's really  as Scott had indicated earlier, George, it was really all kind of performance mix, a low volume core and some pretty significant spend at TRU, where, as we said, there's been a lot of focus on both standing up the training operations as well as other internal investment essentially that kind of doesn't get revenue recognition. So as we produce simulators for ourselves as we support the V-280 program from TRU and things like that, kind of we incur cost and effort but don't see revenue and profit flow from that. So that's why we had the impact that we had. Again, kind of in terms of full year, things are back-end-loaded. We do expect a recovery in margins to be kind of in line with the guidance that we've given for the full year on Systems.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Okay. And one other on it. Pre-owned, how did that compare year-over-year and sequentially in the quarter?
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It had an insignificant impact on a year-over-year basis, George.
Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah.
Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Very close to zero.
George D. Shapiro - Shapiro Research LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President-Investor Relations: All right, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our call for today. Thank you for joining us and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for digital replay from 10:00 AM today through October 26. You can access the replay by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 337220. International participants may dial using 320-365-3844 and entering the same access code of 337220. Again. Those numbers are 1-800-475-6701. Or 320-365-3844, both utilizing the access code of 337220. We do thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Wilburne - VP, IR Scott Donnelly - Chairman and CEO Frank Connor - CFO
Analysts: Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital Sheila Kahyauglu - Jefferies & Co. George Shapiro - Shapiro Research Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company Peter Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank Johnny Wright - Nomura Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research David Strauss - UBS Jon Raviv - Citigroup Ronald Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets  Steve Levenson - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Justin Bergner - Gabelli & Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Textron First Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. At this time I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Doug Wilburne. Please go ahead.
Doug Wilburne: Thanks Stan, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Textron's revenues in the quarter were $3.1 billion, up $226 million from last year's first quarter. Income from continuing operations was $0.46 per share up $0.31 from the first quarter of 2014. Textron Aviation operating results included a $5 million reduction to segment profit from fair value step-up adjustments to acquire Beechcraft inventories sold during the quarter. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions of $20 million was a $125 million use of cash compared to $111 million use of cash in last year's first quarter. With that Ill turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everybody. Revenues were up nearly 8% in the quarter reflecting the success of our strategy of investing in new products and acquisitions. We achieved this increase in topline of Textron despite an expected decrease in revenues at Bell. Decline in revenues at Bell was primarily due to lower volumes in our V-22 program where we delivered 6 V-22s down from 8 aircraft a year ago. We also delivered 4 H-1 aircraft down from 5 units in last year's first quarter. So it was just timing on the H-1s as we still expect to deliver about 25 units for the full year. On the commercial side we delivered 35 aircraft up from 34 a year ago, where our mix was unfavorable as strength in the wide end of the market was offset by softness in the medium segment with no 412 deliveries in the quarter. Based on the continued softness in the medium segment of the market, we are adjusting production levels and taking additional cost actions to allow Bell to perform within its targeted 2015 segment margin range of 11% to 12%. We still expect the commercial deliveries will be up this year but probably only modestly so given the current demand environment. While the medium segment remains challenging, our win rate continues to be favorable and we had an especially good success at Heli-Expo where we signed 238 orders in production aircraft including a 200 deal order from Air Methods for our new 407 GXP model. At the show we also signed 29 letters of intent for the 525 Relentless and 24 for the 505 Jet Ranger X. In addition to HAI orders, we received an order for seven 412s from the Canadian Coast Guard which we expect begin delivering in 2016 and announced two orders totaling 31 407s from customers in the Middle East and Mexico reflecting success in international markets. We also celebrated opening of two new regional sales and service offices in Tokyo and Abu Dhabi to better serve our customers in those regions. On the new product front, we continue to make progress on our safety of flight testing with the 525 Relentless test aircraft and are expecting first flight soon. Development of our 505 Jet Ranger X program is also proceeding well with the second flight test aircraft now in the air. We are also in our promising developments on the military side of Bell in the quarter. First the V-22 was included in the U.S. presidential budget for the Navy carrier on-board delivery mission which calls for 44 aircraft. This will provide a solid basis for a third multi-year contract beginning in the 2020 time frame. The Japanese V-22 program continues to move forward as we were in country last month meeting with the customer and expect contract signature this summer. Deliveries could begin in late 2018. We are also seeing foreign opportunities take form for the H-1s as the U.S. State Department announced its approval of potential sale of 15 AH-1Z Vipers to Pakistan. So while we continue to see lingering weakness in the medium helicopter segment, we believe the growth outlook at Bell over the next several years remains strong driven by our expanded global commercial sales efforts, recent commercial product upgrades, new commercial products on the way and foreign military opportunities for both the V-22 and the H-1. Moving to systems, as expected revenues were also down in the quarter primarily driven by lower vehicle deliveries. However we are making good progress in our Canadian TAPV program and believe we are still on track for initial deliveries in the fourth quarter. We are also working on a number of additional foreign opportunities as we contribute to fourth quarter vehicle delivers. At Textron's Marine and Land Systems we were awarded an $84 million contract for two additional Ship-to-Shore Connector units to be delivered in 2019 with the original two units scheduled to go offline in 2017 and 2018. Moving down to Land Systems we were awarded a contract for 10 additional TCDL V2 Shadow retrofit system as well as a number of additional contract for our fee per service platform. At TRU Simulation and Training last month, we unveiled our Bell V-280 simulator at the Army Aviation Mission Solutions Summit giving you army leadership and users tangible hands on experience of this revolutionary capabilities of the new platform. Moving to industrial, we saw a 9.4% increase in revenues after a 7.7% negative impact from foreign exchange reflecting increase volume in our automotive markets, the success of new product programs, and the impact of the TUG, Douglas Equipment, and Dixie Chopper acquisitions. At Jacobsen, we introduced our new trucks to HD heavy duty utility vehicle for the choice of gas or diesel engine and over 3500 pounds of payload for most powerful utility vehicle available in this class and provides compelling new product in the Jacob portfolio. In the Tools & Test business, Sherman + Reilly introduced a number of new products including a revolution series P-1400, the first of its kind in 14,000 pound electric power for lines and a new line of termination tools for the power line industry. Operating results were also by as far industrial in the quarter as the higher volumes contributed to a year-over-year margin increase of 110 basis points. Moving to Textron Aviation, in the quarter we delivered 30 free jets compared to 35 last year, as well as 25 King Air. Margins in the aviation segment continue to improve reflecting our expanded scale and efficiency improvements. On the service front aviation during the quarter we extended our ProAdvantage Jet aftermarket support programs to Hawker customers, plus added to our King Air service footprint with certifications in Sacramento and Paris. Development on our new Latitude remains on pace for FA certification in the second quarter, as the flight test program is now complete and we should be on track for Latitude deliveries in the third quarter. The availability of used Citations continues to come down, with used aircraft under 10 years old declining to 1.6% of the active fleet. Used aircraft are continuing to move fairly quickly and we've also seen evidence of improving residual values especially for aircraft at low hours. New jet demand is usually seasonally lighter in the first quarter, the customer interest and inquiry activity was relatively healthy and consistent with our outlook for the year. To sum up at this point in the year were confirming our full year Textron guidance for both earnings and cash flow as we expected stronger results at Textron aviation and industrial will offset the lower volume at Bell. With that, I will turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $259 million, up $40 million from the first quarter 2014 on a $226 million increase in revenues. Let's look at how each of the segments contributed starting with Textron Aviation. At Textron Aviations, revenues were up $266 million from this period last year, primarily reflecting the impact from the Beechcraft acquisition. The segment had a profit of $67 million compared to $14 million a year ago. This was driven by improved performance reflecting the impact of the Beechcraft acquisition and higher overall volumes. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1.3 billion, $99 million lower than at the end of the fourth quarter. Moving to Bell, revenues were down $60 million primarily reflecting lower V-22 deliveries. Segment profit decreased $20 million from the first quarter in 2014, primarily reflecting lower military volume and an unfavorable mix of commercial aircraft deliveries in the quarter. At Textron Systems, revenues were down $48 million primarily due to lower Marine and Land Systems volumes. Segment profit was down $11 million, reflecting the lower volumes. Industrial revenues increased $75 million due to higher overall volumes and the impact of acquisitions, partially offset by a $62 million unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Segment profit increased $16 million, reflecting the higher volumes. Finance segment revenues decreased $7 million and profit increased $2 million. Moving below the segment profit line, corporate expenses were $42 million and our tax rate was 30.4%. Interest expense was $33 million, down $2 million from the first quarter of 2014. To wrap up with guidance, we estimate that our announced cost reduction activities at Bell will result in pre-tax charges in the range of $40 million to $50 million which will be recorded as part of segment expenses. Inclusive of the charges related cost savings and lower expected revenues, we still expect full year margins at Bell will be in the 11% to 12% range. From a total Textron perspective, stronger results at Textron Aviation and industrial are expected to offset lower volume at Bell. Therefore we are confirming expected full year EPS from continuing operations of $2.30 to $2.50 of share and cash flow from continuing operations of the manufacturing group before pension contributions of 550 million to 650 million. That concludes our prepared remarks. So, Dan we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Carter Copeland from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Carter Copeland: Hi, good morning gentlemen.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Carter Copeland: Frank, just a clarification or, maybe, if you could give us a little more detail, on the charges for the cost actions at Bell, obviously $40 million, $50 million, if you still think you're going to come in within the prior range, I was just wondering if there was something other than run rate savings there would apply a lot of savings? Is there something else as an upper that's helping you overcome that $40 million, $50 million or am I missing something?
Frank Connor: No, its really run rate savings in the way that then gets rolled through the EAC's from a cost reduction standpoint. So obviously, we will have headcount savings, we will have rate savings, we are doing other things on the discretionary side as well. And, when you look at those savings from a program accounting standpoint, as well as the cost, it will roll through such that we dont expect any big, kind of impact in any particular quarter and what we should see is the generally kind of the same type of seasonality from a quarterly standpoint as we've seen Bell over the past couple of years with improving margins as we go through the year in a higher volumes but it will get spread out over that period of time.
Carter Copeland: Can you quantify how much of that is the EAC keum catches that is you'll get out of that for this year?
Frank Connor: Well, its not really kind of keum catch its just, as we - there will be a little bit of keum catch but it's mostly as we deliver, product will have lower cost, embedded in those products. Were on a unit to delivery basis and so it rolls through as we deliver units.
Carter Copeland: Okay, great. Then just one other one. With respect to the market softness, you talked about, Scott, the -- I wondered if there is any after-market service support impact in Bell related to the weakness -- it's probably related to lower usage, that you might be seeing in Bell as well?
Scott Donnelly: Were trying to keep an eye on that and have some concern about but in the quarter our aftermarket activity was fine and we continue to see order activity. So, utilization still seems to be okay, I think we really seen is, more people just being a little nervous about investing the new CapEx and putting a new aircraft and to replace a older aircraft but at least today utilization and aftermarket seems to be fine.
Carter Copeland: All right. Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyauglu from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyauglu: Hey, good morning, everyone. Scott, how should we think about the progression of the backlog within Aviation? When can we start to see that move up a bit?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think Sheila the thing is most likely to start impact our backlog here in the balance of the year is, getting through certification on Latitude, which as I said I think were getting pretty close, we done the flight test, we're done with all the ground test activities or at this point were really just into the paperwork exercises getting through that. So as a result, we now have a couple of aircraft that we've recently been able to put out, we really dedicated to customer demo activities those aircraft are pretty booked up. So we think there is a lot demand up there for the aircraft, a lot of customer interest and now that we can really dedicate those assets to getting out there and doing customer demos and we would expect to see those orders start to finalize.
Sheila Kahyauglu: Okay. Are you sold out for any particular models throughout this year?
Scott Donnelly: It's pretty tight on a couple but if you really want to one we could probably work with you somewhere.
Sheila Kahyauglu: I'll ask Doug for a favor. Then, I guess on underlying margins within Aviation, if we compare the first half of last year versus the quarter, about 200 basis points of underlying improvement excluding the PP&A. Should we expect that kind of improvement as we progress throughout the year, or could you attribute that to pricing? Was it Beech? Was it productivity? Maybe if you could just elaborate a bit there? 
Scott Donnelly: I think thats probably going to be typical for the year. I think the volumes, we expect to be online with what were expecting from the beginning of the year, we got a slide uptick, we think on a year-over-year basis on the King Air which we are doing well. So I think the trajectory on is, going to track a couple hundred basis points better.
Sheila Kahyauglu: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Yes. Good morning. Scott, I was wondering on the orders, if you could just go out and talk a little bit about where the strength is? US versus international, are you seeing any impact negatively internationally because of the dollar, so a little more color on that, if you could?
Scott Donnelly: I think the dollar is a problem George and in some parts of world obviously because of the - I mean the dollars has strengthened so much and obviously in some markets, particularly Eastern Europe and Russia where you had a lot of devaluation and similarly in South America there is just great a lot of problem. But I would say in general right now on the jet side of things, the market is very driven by the North American marketplace, probably something around two-thirds to 80, 20 and interestingly enough its almost exactly inverted if you looked at King Air's. So the strength of the turboprop market has been more international, the U.S. market still good, there has been more demand internationally. So, total portfolio it's going to balancing out a bit but definitely on the jet business its much more North American centric and King Air more international.
George Shapiro: Then, in Bell on the commercial, is the weakness, would you say, totally due to the oil and gas market or is there something else going on?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think its mostly related to that George and certainly part of its is direct, right. So I mean if youre talking about customers whose mission is flying specifically oil and gas missions out the rigs, clearly that market is very soft right now given the price of oil. But I think for us a bigger knock on effect of that is that historically we see a lot of sales, a lot of our aircraft particularly 412s in emergency medical services, and CSAR and a lot of sort of quasi-military, government operations and a lot of those countries that have very strong oil economies are seeing a lot of CapEx in their budget. So I think, there is a piece of it that is absolutely directly oil and gas but I think part its  been a bigger issue for us is just a lot of our customer, our oil and gas natural resource driven economies and they're soft right now.
George Shapiro: Okay. One quick last one for Frank, what was the aftermarket growth at Aviation?
Frank Connor: It was mid single digits and kind of consistent with what weve been seeing and expect to continue to see.
George Shapiro: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Sam Pearlstein: Good morning. Can you talk a little bit more about industrial. Just, it looks like sales and margins are certainly running ahead. I know you mentioned auto strength, but where is the higher volume? Is it the specialty vehicles business, like what is it that's driving things this year?
Frank Connor: Probably on a absolute dollar basis, the biggest increase is in the automotive side. We certainly seeing good auto demand, but we've also seen very strong earns from the vehicle business, that's such organically the business is growing nicely, but then of course we also have technologies and the acquisition side for ground support equipment that acquisition is performing extremely well for us. We're seeing great topline and great margin delivery out of that as well. So its kind of - Id say the good news is, it's pretty broad. The organic growth of the businesses in product lines that we were in has been very solid and the acquisitions we've done on that base are also performing very well.
Sam Pearlstein: Okay. Then just a question on the finance slide, the 60-plus-day delinquencies, why did those increase sequentially? I know it's not large dollars, but it's certainly a large percentage change?
Frank Connor: Yes, that's true. And look we had a couple of customer accounts that moved into that 60 day window and we have a little bit of loss small numbers now right. So if 412 aircrafts become a problem, we can swing that percentage by a pretty good chunk even though it might be two airplanes and $20 million makes a big difference from a percent basis. So, I dont think there is any fundamental underlying change there. I mean clearly some customers internationally, because of some of the issues around U.S. dollar and currency and what not, those payments have got little expensive. And so obviously well work through that and in general I think well be fine.
Sam Pearlstein: Okay. Last question, just on the $600 million in free cash this year, I know you've talked about at a minimum buying back enough stock to offset the employee programs. One is, how much buyback is required to do that? Then, what would it take for you to do more? You don't really have any other debt maturing, so I'm just trying to think about where else does it go?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. We will buyback to offset the programs it's about 3 million shares or so. And as we talked about, we will - obviously we continue to look at acquisition opportunities and we have kind of - have had a steady stream with those. And we have expected we will pay down a little bit more of the bank debt that we took on as it related to the Beechcraft acquisition, and then weve said kind of any excess capital after that we would look to continue again to return to shareholders through share repurchase activity. But the target from the share repurchase standpoint is to offset the employee dilution number.
Sam Pearlstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, thank you. Just a question around any change in the competitive landscape. In Aviation and in Sikorsky, you obviously have some competitors based in countries where the dollar has strengthened considerably against their local base, so how does -- has that changed anything yet you're seeing commercially? Also, there are obviously some idiosyncratic issues at a couple of rivals of yours right now. I just wondered if you'd seen any change from that as well?
Frank Connor: I mean the dollar is not helpful for sure from a competitiveness standpoint and I think that some of our European competitors do get an advantage out of that. Of course they also have a fair bit of those supply chain that is dollar denominated so its not of a disadvantage as it could be. But when we look at deals in Europe for instance right now, it does make it more challenging, but again that's just the nature of a competitive market these things swing around. I think if you look at Latin America and Eastern Europe, Russia, the currency devaluation makes it a challenge for both dollar and euro denominated business, just because of the currency devaluation. But either anyway I think, I would not say that it has markedly changed whats going on it makes it certainly tougher in Europe, but I mean I think were still winning and feel really good about where we are from a share perspective. When you look at deals in Asia, were competitive and we are winning. So I think even though the helicopter market in particular, we see as being pretty soft Id say that we feel very good about our order rate this year in terms of share I think were doing quite well.
Julian Mitchell: That's very helpful. Then, my second question is just on the Systems, the revenues were weak, but it sounded like very much in line with your planning assumption. It doesn't sound like your full-year view has changed on that segment, so I just wondered if you could confirm that? Also any color at all on the linearity of the sales progression? Is it going to be a very, very Q4-loaded year at Systems because of the TAP 3 delivery schedule, or do we start to see things improve a bit by mid year?
Frank Connor: Well I think you will see things improve a bit by mid-year Julian but absolutely our expectations and where we think its going will be very back end loaded and that really primarily is driven by the vehicle program. So we clearly expect and we think we're on track to have a pretty big fourth quarter on the vehicle side of the business.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr from Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes. Thank you very much. Give us a little more color on demand at Aviation? You say customer demand is quote/unquote healthy, and yet 0.85 book-to-bill hardly looks like healthy. How was it at Cessna versus legacy Beech? How did it roll out sequentially, since we've heard that January and February were very weak and March improved?
Scott Donnelly: Well I think the normal seasonality is sort of demand is inline with our expectations I guess what I would say Cai. The early first quarter is always very soft from an order intake perspective. And I think that's what we saw for the most part this year. On a seasonal basis, it's performing exactly as we would have expected I think we probably said in terms of customer activity and what not as strong as we've seen in a while in Q1. And we're pretty happy with how things were progressing. Obviously as I said earlier, I think the real demand driver for us in terms of any kind of backlog filled would be around Latitude as that thing goes through its certification process. So even though the customer environment is considerably better than it has been, it is still sort of a full business people are in conversations, and as they get close to when they want to take deliveries that's when they put their deposit down and sign up. So as we said wed love to be out in three to six months and we certainly have a couple of models where it's out in more in that range, but generally speaking its still more of a full business. But with a lot more customers are sort of in the queue and a lot more conversations going around to yield, what we need to see in terms of deliveries and so frankly we feel pretty comfortable with that.
Cai von Rumohr: Given that Cessna depends on the US, where the economy is improving somewhat, and Beech depends on the foreign market, where there's less evidence of that, could you contrast demand between those two sectors?
Scott Donnelly: Cai, they really been pretty similar. I think if you look at how deals progress the number of customers that we are in conversations, when they actually placed their orders and take deliveries as you point out it is more international on the King Air side and domestic on the Jet side but still a very similar prospecting, selling order taking selling process for both platforms.
Cai von Rumohr: Okay. Then, two quick ones on Bell. You said commercial up a bit. Would that include the 412? Secondly, if you're going to have $40 million to $50 million of pretax charges, how much would the run rate savings be against that?
Scott Donnelly: So in terms of the unit deliveries, we still think that will be up slightly over a year ago primarily driven by higher volumes on 407s and 429s, offset by probably slightly lower volumes on 412 versus last year, which is why we come back to the mix issues what prefers the margins out of the spring. So, we're still feeling reasonably good about volumes on the lights but clearly not so on the mediums. In terms of the cost and that roll through, I mean I would say most of the cost is related to severances and reductions of people and so generally speaking if you forget program accounting and inventory and all that sort of stuff, you generally expect that those costs will be covered in sort of a 9-month window obviously how you recognize that see through the P&L is going to be more function of the program accounting and EACs and how that comes. So Frank said, you will see not a whole lot of impact on a quarter-to-quarter basis through the balance of the year because while we will take the cost source of restructuring, that will manifest itself in program accounting where you wont see much difference in terms of the net impact through the balance of this year and obviously as you go out in time, you would start to see positive benefit there.
Cai von Rumohr: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski from Drexel Hamilton. Please go ahead.
Peter Skibitski: Scott, I think you mentioned secondhand pricing in used jets, in your opening remarks, being maybe modestly improved. Can you tell us, is the improvement rolling through to meet pricing on some of the legacy models, or is that some kind of a flash environment and you just get a pricing power on the brand-new models?
Scott Donnelly: Both weve seen pricing fairly stable on the new models, weve seen beginning of some uptick of residual values in the used aircraft, as you see in Vrefs and the blue books which is encouraging. I dont know that there is a direct correlation frankly to saying okay the prices up on the used and therefore it translates directly to price on the new. It does help us in terms of customer's that wants to trade in their old aircraft or sell their old aircraft and step up into new aircraft. In terms of that gap and value between what they know that they can get for their used aircrafts and how much additional capital they would want to put into buy new airplanes. So as we see those residual values starting to rebound, I think it definitely bodes well for demand on the new aircraft side.
Peter Skibitski: Okay. Understood. Then, just wanted to follow up. I don't know how widespread this was, but I saw at least one article during the quarter that talks about a lot of nervousness on the TAPV program in Canada, just on the redesign. Can you tell us when is the redesign going to be done and fully tested? How thorough is this, such that it could eliminate the risk in the program?
Scott Donnelly: The redesign is complete and we have had initial vehicles with the redesign fully incorporated into them and all going through the test environment, so were as we were doing the redesign, these things were all fairly well isolated to during suspension system which basically just we said to beef it up the severity of the conditions of the test were frankly beyond anything that weve experienced before. We have a lot of these vehicles out there obviously of various different types and weve never had issues or problems with any of those components. But the severity of the testing frankly pushed some of these things literally break some of these steering numbers. So the redesign was in essence just beefing up those individual components, most of which are available and used in some larger vehicles interestingly enough, and in some cases there were actually cheaper than the lighter version because they are manufactured in high volumes. And so we have been sort of testing each of these new components as we could get our hands on them and those have gone well as I said we now have couple of vehicles out there that are completely the new design configuration with all of the new configuration components. And the testing so far is going great, so it is an endurance test, right so you have to get through that phase which will take us another couple of months before were comfortable enough to say we are ready to go into the formal customer testing, but so far the design is complete and initial testing results are very promising.
Frank Connor: Okay. That feedback I would add that article fits that one that I am thinking of I think if you read it closely lot of the information and quotes in that article are really from last year, its really not current data.
Scott Donnelly: It was quite dated and this customer has been terrific to work with I think everybody has had their head around same thing and want to make sure we went back to the process so its test was successful and the sort of the tone in the article is pretty dated.
Peter Skibitski: Okay. I appreciate you guys.
Scott Donnelly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Hi, good morning everyone. Scott, are you surprised that the legacy, not new products Cessna demand environment is not getting better faster. Because, I guess it's been a few quarters since you first cited stabilization, you keep giving us the inventory as a percentage of fleet number for you, and it's improved a lot, and I don't even know if that could go any lower. Is there just too much total market used inventory, so you're still competing with everyone else's used inventory? Or is it just a long-cycle business and it takes time to get escape velocity, or is this market just at a structurally new lower demand level for a while?
Scott Donnelly: No I think that I mean the numbers I should say are down in terms of the used available, its kind of hard to imagine they could go much lower frankly they are certain well below historical norms. The only thing I would say is that they still have probably a relatively higher spread between what the values are for those used aircraft as opposed to new aircraft and I think thats still is a drag on some of our customers because trade in premium right to say if I go from the used to the new, how much cash flow I have to kick in to do that is higher than its historically been. And so I still think the every placement cycle people will drag that out just given that that value gap if you were but the aircraft still keep getting older and theyre using more and I think have this longer timeline in terms of how many years older aircraft before they trade in. And I think that is the primary dynamics still driving the marketplace, thats what I think we have been talking out for couple of years really about the percentage coming down and coming down and coming down, the past quarter so is really the first time we are starting to see that residual value come up. So I think that actually is more important and just that percentage and frankly weve been surprised that with such a low inventory used aircraft you think from a supply demand standpoint you would start to see pricing come up. And at least for final you will see that okay we have been surprised frankly probably the last year as that number really started to drop that you didnt see a corresponding residual value increase and like you said finally were starting to see that which is encouraging. And I think thats what is driving that kind of demand environment.
Noah Poponak: On the upgrading topic, is there also an issue with length of time the jet is with the first owner, where in prior cycles because of the maintenance warranty being five years you were getting a ton of upgrading in years four and five? Now folks are extending that because, obviously, a plane can be used substantially longer, and once you go past the roll off of the maintenance warranty and you do that first major check, you then have signed up for keeping the airplane for a lot longer until you get to the next major check. Is that overall time an issue?
Scott Donnelly: Well I think the time is clearly being extended and what youre seeing is more customers get to the end of that warranty period were historically would have said okay, I am going to go ahead and trade in but again you back to that what the step up cost, what is that premium to go from that five rolled aircraft to brand new aircraft and instead youre seeing people that are sticking with it, putting part programs and we do provide obviously for customers and always have for second customers the ability to in essence extend warranties and pay to sort of protect themselves from those cost which is a good business for us. So this is I think this all comes back in order to basic dynamic of all right five years whether it would be coming of warranty, whether it is how many hours, whether it is just going to larger lift its extending that period because that residual value is just substantially lower than it historically has been.
Noah Poponak: Got it. Then, just lastly, on the margin for the overall aviation segment, I mean, you have an outstanding margin forecast for the year, could you possibly update us on that? Just because it looks like with the very good first-quarter performance, one can get substantially higher than that range you have there, just even simply using a 20% sequential incremental margin through the rest of the year. Any more color on where you expect the full year to land?
Scott Donnelly: No formal update, all as I said and as I think Frank referenced I think will at least feel like given the demand environment and the performance in the business in total and I mean were still early in the year obviously right but I mean our perspective on the market and certainly our perspective on how the team is executing and delivering on cost and product programs will probably be towards the high side of that number.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning. Frank or Scott, I think you alluded to the service extension to offer customers. I was curious if you'd talk about the level of uptick you're seeing on that extension of your service program? Also, one year post the Hawker acquisition, can you comment on the level of cross totalization you've had in bringing customers over to the Cessna lineup? Any metrics you have against that to support it?
Frank Connor: Well, we have a dedicated team frankly that this is what they do for living is reaching out to our Hawker customers, part of what we just talked about around our ProAdvantage system being able to go out to those customers and be able to put them on the same kind of maintenance and service programs that we currently have today for our citation customers. And that program and the needs of those customers, is what kind of droves that, creation of that program based on interactions that our dedicated Hawker team has had with those customers. In terms of conversion thats also something we look at and are working on and we certainly have had. Some of those and I would expect frankly, when you talk to a lot of Hawker customers many of whom are in Hawker 900s and 850 things like that, these are cabin sizes and mission that did quite well to where we are talking about going with Latitude and ultimately longitude. So I think most of that conversion will start becoming more material as we have a Latitude and then eventually launched at the marketplace.
Myles Walton: Okay. Then a clarification. From a sales perspective, it sounds like Bell may be looking for $4 billion roughly at the start of the year and maybe it's a few hundred million lighter than that, is that about the right thinking?
Frank Connor: That's probably right.
Myles Walton: Okay. All right, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Johnny Wright from Nomura. Please go ahead.
Johnny Wright: Hi, guys. About the restructuring points again, you guys saw a lot of money there in the last 12 to 18 months taking costs out. How confident are you that there's another $40 million to $50 million to keep you in that guidance range? Where are the new areas you're focusing on that you haven't looked before?
Scott Donnelly: You're right, weve gone through a number restructuring as frankly over the last couple of years in anticipation of the V-22 volumes coming down. I think all this really changed here is that while we were undertaking to try to make sure we had a cost structure that supported that, we have seen the soft on the commercial side. So I dont know if there is any particularly different strategy here obviously, were looking very much at structure and looking at organization structure to try in more efficient ways to operate given that its a small business in terms of its revenue in topline,. So it's primarily around, structure and layers overhead. We are not impacting our critical programs, so the investments in 525 and 505 and V-280 which are significant, those are continuing full speed ahead. So its never an easy go process to go through obviously but were working very hard to make sure that the cost come out in places that are discretionary or other overhead and indirect burden as oppose to effecting how we manufacture and deliver what we need to and make sure that we continue to make kind of progress on our new product programs.
Johnny Wright: Okay. Thanks. Can you just provide an update on the Scorpion? Where we are at terms of timing for first orders, maybe just a number of customers you're in conversation with at this point?
Scott Donnelly: Well, there is a number of customers in conversation right now. I would say that the number of customers who we are talking to is probably increasing at this point. I wouldnt hassle to guess a first order date at this stage of the game but I think we have a lot of good customer conversations going on, like program is continuing, were in the process of completing the design modifications that we wanted to make coming out of the original flight test demo program and are in the process of the build cycle for what will lead to the first confirming aircraft. So thats kind of where we are in the program.
Johnny Wright: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: I think you've covered a lot of ground here. I guess a couple things. On Latitude, can you give us the sense of to what degree you do have some orders in hand? Obviously, you're indicating that once you think you've got final cert it picks up, but any color you can provide there?
Scott Donnelly: So we do have a number of orders for the Latitude Jeff. I think were in pretty good place, in terms of initial delivery commitments, customers that are waiting for us to get through certainly begin the delivery process. But there are still some slots obviously to go for the year but as I said, I think we have a very robust level of customer interest and a bunch of folks that are waiting the demo and fly the aircraft at that point make there decision on order. So having now finish the flight test program or have a couple aircraft flying around the country, fully configured for customer interiors, its pretty booked up. So I think there is a lot of interest, a lot of customers, but they all want to, they want to fly the aircraft, we obviously done a number of customer demos, we had in aircraft, that we have there for while doing demos and that generated more activity and I think we are at that point now in the program where that pace will increase.
Jeffrey Sprague: Then, just taking that a step further, you had this mix down in Q1 and it's obviously a low-volume quarter. I understand the Latitude mission is obviously different Sovereign and XLS the capabilities are different, but is there some peripheral cannibalization of those product lines, you think, on anticipation of Latitude?
Scott Donnelly: The only thing I can figure out Jeff is that from a mix standpoint, last year in Q1, we've just gotten the Sovereign plus certification in the very, very end of 2013. So we had a lot of Sovereign deliveries in first quarter of 2014. So I think we had good Sovereign deliveries in the first quarter of this year but not something that would reflected - sort so that pent-up demand given the late certification of Sovereign a year ago.
Jeffrey Sprague: Sure, that makes sense. One last one. Just back on Bell, you hit it a couple times here in the Q& A. It sounds like on the restructuring you're telling us that effectively all or most of that $40 million to $50 million gets recovered, so you're close to net-net neutral on cost versus benefit on restructuring. A, is that correct? Then B, if I just think about that being a wash, I'm still struggling a little bit with getting from 9% and change in Q1 to 11% to 12% for the year. Obviously there's some seasonal volume lift, but is there anything else in the mix or anything that really supports your confidence in that range?
Scott Donnelly: There is. So first of all your assumption is correct with respect to the discussion around, the incurring of the restructuring charges and what that does on sort of a net basis through the balance of the year. Okay, so thats more or less a wash. In terms of, sort of how we think about quarterly progression of margins, generally speaking as we work through the year at Bell, we do see increased volumes and we do see more favorable mix. So in the first quarter is that we had zero 412s. So we would expect the quarterly progression of margin rate, given that the restructuring and the balance sort of that net out, you will sort of the normal incremental improvements in margin rate through the course of the year.
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question does come from the line of David Strauss from UBS. Please go ahead.
David Strauss: Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, David.
David Strauss: Scott, could you talk about what you're seeing in terms of utilization on your own fleet that's out there in service? Obviously, we can see the FAA data, but I just wanted to get a sense of what you're seeing in terms of the utilization on your own fleet as it comes in for service? Does that -- are you seeing a pickup there? It looks like the FAA did. It picked up earlier in the year, but now has fallen back. Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: David, I guess, I don't have that around the supplementary forms here. We usually keep track of the average flight hours and then I dont know if I have that in front of me. Usually what the FA is reporting is take-off and landings and we usually look at the average daily utilization. So there hasn't been a huge change in that frankly, I mean it's sort of in the realms.
David Strauss: Do you think that's the missing piece in all of this? I know we've talked about used inventories and used pricing, but do you think it's really possible that we can have much of a recovery before we see a pick up in average daily utilization?
Frank Connor: I don't know that there's a huge correlation from the ADU to the new aircraft sale. I really think that is more a basis of residual values versus new aircraft sale. We look at the ADUs more as a function of service activity and how much activity were going to through see to the service centers. And again thats been relatively stable with sort of its get older and its all base get bigger that's what's been driving our guidance around sort of that mid single-digit growth and that's where we continue to see even though we had relatively stable ADU now for quite sometime.
David Strauss: Is that ADU number still well below what you guys were seeing prior to the financial crisis?
Frank Connor: Sure, yes, if you went back and you looked at, it dropped off, at the end of the 2008 beginning of 2009 in the sort of the 0.67, 0.65, 0.64 I mean it's been pretty flat for several years now.
David Strauss: Right. Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky from Citi. Please go ahead.
Jon Raviv: Hi, good morning. It's Jon Raviv on for Jason. Question back on Bell. I was just wondering, is there more to cut, perhaps, if this oil market weakness continues? Related to that is, do you have any visibility on 412 deliveries this year? My understanding is that this is usually a spot market for helicopters, that is. Then if the market does come back, do you have to hire back up or does this restructuring suggest higher structural margins going forward when things improve maybe next year or the year after?
Scott Donnelly: So look our intent you never like to go through this with the organization our intent here is that we would do this and that positions us to go through what we think is a fairly lean this year around that segment of the market and then well in the next year. And then of course we have things like 505 by 525, new things that are kicking in and look we've also taken some orders some of the 412s can be a bit of a spot market aircraft here there, but often there are also fleet buys right. So when you look at the Canadian deal for instance that's seven 412s. But those deliveries wont start until sometime next year into 2017. I think there is some other opportunities out there around 412s that are going to be similar. So there is customer activity going on and some of them are fleet buys but theyre going to be from a timing perspective they will be out there. Now in terms of the ability to hire back, if we something on the production line obviously we know how to modulate their production line and those folks tend to be on recall and we can bring people back even if we need to do that to increase the production volumes. Clearly on the salary side we are trying to try to make it a restructuring of just how we organize and run the business. So that wouldn't necessarily be a volume related action later on. But certainly on the production side we have the ability to stay our production capacity up and down based on future volumes.
Jon Raviv: Great. Thanks. Then, just following up on cash deployment. How would you characterize your M&A appetite at this point given where things are and especially as a relatively sizeable potential helicopter asset could come to market?
Scott Donnelly: I would say that on - generally speaking on the M&A side, the way we think about it is more along the lines of a lot of the deals weve done with TUG and ground support equipment, with our simulation businesses, with the Sherman and Reilly's, that sort of the general scope of what we look at transactions that are kind of in that size that are very complementary or bolt-on to our existing businesses. With respect to sort of the reference you're making in helicopter industry, I mean I think there is probably too much to say about that, I mean its a process thats largely driven by that company who is been pretty public about type that theyre doing something and Im sure well all see what theyre going to do on their timeline, which I think they'll describe as being sometime mid-year.
Jon Raviv: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein from Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ron Epstein: Good morning guys. Scott, just maybe backing up on the end of that last question, it seems like there's potential to do all kinds of M&A going forward. I mean, there might be some other properties in the market, even one in Wichita. Can you just remind us broadly what your thinking is about doing M&A at this point given the asset base that you already have?
Scott Donnelly: Well Ron, we're quite open to M&A. I mean weve done a fair bit of activity here over the last few years. Weve been generally speaking very happy with the results I mean theyve been very accretive to the company. Weve been happy with what theyve done in terms of strengthening us in the marketplace. And clearly that range is from the Beechcraft's or the world which for us is a very large deal. But were really happy with how thats going both tactically and around cost and strategically where it positions the company going forward. And as I said we had a bunch of significantly smaller deals that we think have done really good things for our portfolio, they have helped to strengthen the businesses that we have, they have put us into some exciting new spaces that are very complementary like the simulation side of things, we strengthened our utility side of our Tool & Test business. The TUG stuff and ground support as I said earlier has gone really, really well. We think thats a great space for us to be in. And its performed very well. So were sort of open for business for that respect but there are things obviously that have to make a lot of sense for us, were not just going out to try to do M&A for the sake of doing M&A, there have to be things that in our view fit with portfolio and the strategy of the company and as a result I mean things I think our investors would agree are the right places for us to deploy capital.
Ron Epstein: Sure. Maybe just following up on one of those, the Mechtronix acquisition in the sims space, I mean, how is that going? Are you picking up share? How could you -- if you can give us color around that?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, its going really well, were very happy with it. The strength of that business so the foundation of it was more near transport side and as we said at the time we did the deals, we wanted to increase sort of our exposure in Aviation from just GA into the commercial civil aerospace side of things. We're really happy with it. We had some big strategic wins particularly with Boeing on the 737MAX and so we continue to execute well, I think on that contract and pick up more simulators as they progress down in their program, we have some other new platforms that were investing in where we had some wins that havent been announced particularly yet but I think well continue to help position us as a very serious player in the air transport market. And of course were leveraging those assets to help things like the V-280 we talked about. One of the issues around the V-280 with our army customer is, do you have the maneuverability and the capability that theyre used to today with the more conventional helicopter. And by taking the technology and the capability we have in the company now and very quickly going out and building a very realistic well modeled simulator, a lot of customers get in there and go out this thing, does perform like a conventional rotorcraft and also its - I think it's helping us performing well tactically and strategically I think its doing all the things that we hope that would do.
Ron Epstein: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Royal Bank of Canada. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: To follow onto Ron's question, but from the other direction. It looks how we've seen a bit of M&A picking up in defense sector with people looking to put assets onto the market. I was wondering if you had any expressions of interest in some of your systems assets and what your criteria might be if you were looking to sell some things there?
Scott Donnelly: I guess I would say not we have not and whatever it might be or would be, we have to be something that we thought was in the best interest of our long-term shareholders and generate a lot of value.
Robert Stallard: Okay. Have you got any specific financial metrics, maybe, you might have in mind then?
Scott Donnelly: No.
Robert Stallard: Okay. Maybe on the aviation side, Scott, you mentioned the US market for Cessnas being pretty good. I was wondering if you could maybe give us some an idea of what end markets have been better or maybe worse? Have you seen any impact in the slowdown in energy, for example?
Scott Donnelly: Im sorry, slowdown in what Robert?
Frank Connor: Energy.
Scott Donnelly: No, I dont know how much color I give you on that. Its been pretty broad based obviously our citation customer base is for the most part small to mid-size businesses, lot's of privately held companies and it's pretty well across that whole normal spectrum of our kind of customers. And we always see rotations in the industry, whether energy is doing something real estate right now is pretty strong, construction these are  its a pretty broad base of industries. And I dont know that I can really give you any color specifically this quarter as to which ones are more active than others.
Robert Stallard: What about maybe on the charts or the fractional side, has there been any improvement there?
Scott Donnelly: We haven't had a fractional aircraft sale in the seven years Ive been here. So, yes its been since 2008, so theres - in terms of new aircraft into a fractional obviously some of our current fractional customers are selling aircraft as they roll-off the deals for previous customers. So theres an aftermarket out there, but theres nothing new that were selling into fractional right now. We have had a fair bit of closed charter operation obviously goes up has been a big customer, King Air has put some used XLSs into it but that's probably the some total what I see going on - in terms of our sales directly into the fractional charter market. Now we hope to see that change obviously. The NetJet guys has selected a Latitude is their mid-sized platform and with that product now getting the certification theres an awful lot of activity between ourselves and NetJets on how we help market and take that product into the fractional market. So I think we have some significant upside in terms of fractional NetJet is obviously is a very powerful player in that in market and the fact that they chose Latitude is their mid-sized platform, I think it will be big boost to us.
Robert Stallard: Thanks Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Levenson from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Steve Levenson: Thanks good morning everybody. Could you give us an update, please, on Scorpion and maybe a little bit more on international interest for that plane as well as V-22?
Scott Donnelly: First the Scorpion program is progressing very, very well. We got a ton of flight hours, it's been a very busy test and demonstration program. The aircraft is performing extremely well. As I think we mentioned before, theres a couple of things as we went through the test program that we felt would modify when we went into full-grade production. So we had an engineering team that's been incorporating all those changes. And were getting to ready to undertake build of what would be the conforming aircraft ready to go into certification testing in production. So in terms of the technical side of the program, Id say its going very well. In terms of the business developments side we have a number of customers that are ongoing conversations around the aircraft and have seen the aircraft and there's sort of what I would call a normal business development activity. Those processes tend to take a while, because as you can imagine they are government sales and so budgeting and evaluation and what not is a - they take their normal course but there's number of conversations going on. In terms of things like V-22, weve seen the Japanese deal has been announced, its been budgeted. There is detailed negotiations and we're hopeful that sometime this summer that will actually be under contract. Theyve already budgeted I think the first five aircraft though the total I believe 19 is they are talking about. So I think that program is progressing well. There is a number of other customers to which there are active discussions underway. So I think combined with the COD announcement, and as well as those activities I think we got a very, very strong future on V-22. At the time the only issue for us is just the timing of getting these things through the - getting them on the contract and getting them into the production process. So the  the unfortunate side is it's probably not a material impact to us until the late teens as opposed  to some would help us out next year just given how long it takes to get them under contract and get it going.
Steve Levenson: Got it. Thank you very much for the color.
Doug Wilburne: Dan I think that we're little bit over time here, so well take one last call here thats still in queue and then call it a day.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our last question for today comes from the line of Justin Bergner from Gabelli & Company. Please go ahead.
Justin Bergner: My one question which remains after all the other questions have been answered is with respect to Bell and commercial mix, will that weigh on margins even after the cost reductions that are being taken are completed? Or do you expect you'll be able to offset the mix headwinds as well?
Scott Donnelly: I would say that on the  as you look through the course of the year, again what's typical for us is that well see not only overall higher volume through the balance of the year but well see a higher mix of 412s as we move through the year. And thats what really drives that quarterly progression of margins late through the balance of the year. And that would be true across all of our platforms frankly, as you look at the cost savings associated with the restructuring that were doing, that really manifest itself in overall manufacturing rates and overhead rates and so the cost and/or benefits associated with that are spread across all of our commercial and military product lines. So the underlying mix and volume which will increase the course of the year is really what drives that incremental margin rate.
Justin Bergner: Okay. But you don't expect an ongoing mix headwinds as we look out to next year and the following years?
Scott Donnelly: No, not at this time, I would expect it will just see our normal progression where we have higher volumes for 412 through the balance of the year.
Justin Bergner: Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Great. Thank you ladies and gentlemen.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 10 am Eastern time today until July 27, 2015 at midnight. You may access the AT&T executive playback service at any time by dialing 1800-475-6701 and entering the access code 337219. International participants may dial 1320-365-3844. Again, those numbers are 1800-475-6701, and international callers dial 1320-365-3844. For both numbers please use access code 337219. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T executive teleconferencing services. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Wilburne - Vice President, Investor Relations Scott Donnelly - Chairman and CEO Frank Connor - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Sam Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada Jason Gursky - Citi Cai von Rumohr - Cowen Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank George Shapiro - Shapiro Research Ron Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Textron Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. During todays call, all phone participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. Id now like to turn the conference over to Doug Wilburne, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Doug Wilburne: Thank you, Gail. Good morning, everyone. Before we begin, Id like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in todays press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textrons Chairman and CEO and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Textrons revenues in the quarter were $4.1 billion, up $591 million from last years fourth quarter. The Beechcraft acquisition completed at the end of the first quarter contributed $556 million to the increase. Income from continuing operations was $0.76 per share compared to $0.60 in the fourth quarter of 2013. Textron Aviation operating results included an $8 million reduction to segment profit from fair value but the fair value step-up adjustments to acquire Beechcraft inventories sold during the quarter. Plus there was an additional $13 million charge in the quarter related to Beechcraft restructuring costs which were recorded on a separate line for acquisition and restructuring cost. Together these items reduced EPS by about $0.05 per share. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $449 million dollars compared to $774 million in last years fourth quarter bringing full-year cash inflow to $753 million compared to $256 million last year. With that Ill turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everybody. Revenues were up 16.8% in the quarter reflecting the success of our strategy of investing in new products and complementary acquisitions. For example, at Industrial, we saw an 11.5% increase in revenues reflected across all of our business as well as the impact of the technologies, Dixie Chopper and HD Electric acquisitions. Most recently, in our specialized vehicles group, we purchased Douglas Equipment, a European-based aviation ground support business. Douglas Equipment are largely North American truck business with an international footprint, expands our truck portfolio to better serve the aviation ground support market. On the new product front, the Tools & Test, we introduced a number of new products during the quarter, including a new line of Mini fiberTOOLS for working on fiber optic communications facilities, and a new 6-ton Pistol Grip intelligent electric utility crimping tool. Contracts, we continue to win significant new automotive systems contracts around the world which we expect will support growth over the next several years. Operating performance was also a bright spot in this Industrial in the quarter, contributing to a full-year margin expansion of 40 basis points. We expect continued margin expansion in 2015. Moving to systems, revenues were up in the quarter as we began deliveries of the TCDL Shadow V2 systems. We also made good progress on our Canadian TAPV program having incorporated the necessary design changes and have started initial reliability testing of the vehicle. We believe were on track to proceed full program testing in the second quarter with initial deliveries still planned for late this year. At TRU Simulation and Training, we signed a number of air transport simulator agreements in the quarter and announced plans for a new Cessna in Beechcraft aircraft maintenance training facility in Wichita. In our Bell segment, revenues were down as we delivered seven V-22s compared to 13 in last years fourth quarter, reflecting a start of lower deliveries called for in the multiyear program. We also delivered seven H1s, up one unit from last years fourth quarter. On the commercial side, we delivered 57 aircrafts, down from 75 a year ago. Despite lower Bell volumes, fourth quarter margins were up 70 basis points from last year reflecting good cost performance. While weve seen a slowdown in the commercial helicopter market, our commercial win rate continues to improve around the world. For example, we continued to expand our presence in China as evidenced by our success in the Zhuhai, China Airshow in November where we signed customer letters of intent for 61 new helicopters. We continue to make progress on development of our 525 Relentless program as were well into our safety flight testing on the aircraft rudder system in [indiscernible]. Results of those tests have been encouraging and we expect the first flight later this spring. Development of our 505 Jet Ranger X program is also proceeding well as we conducted a successful first flight in November. These two new platforms are expected to provide differentiated appeal with customers at both ends of our product spectrum and should create significant growth opportunities for years to come. On the military side of Bell, the V-22 reached 250,000 flight hours during the quarter. The aircraft is performing very well for our customers, achieving outstanding mission success and deployments to Afghanistan, the Persian Gulf, the Mediterranean, Africa and the Asia-Pacific region. The Osprey continues to demonstrate a wide range of mission capabilities and is attracting attention from customers around the world. Most recently, Japan has indicated that it has provided for the first five of its 17-unit requirement in their 2015 budget. Were currently working with the U.S. government to negotiate a contract and delivery plan for this aircraft. Moving to Textron Aviation, in the quarter we delivered 55 jets, down from 62 last year. For the full-year, we delivered 159 jets, up from last years 139 jets. We also delivered 41 King Airs in the quarter bringing post-acquisition deliveries to 113. The integration of Beechcraft continues to grow extremely well which is evident in our cost productivity as Textron Aviation achieved full-year margins of 5.1%, about 200 basis points higher than the mid-point of our initial guidance. Weve been actively working with our new Hawker customers this past year, ensuring that they understand our commitment to support the aircraft. During the quarter, we also made progress internationally as we opened a new larger combined Hawker, Beechcraft and Cessna service center, our flagship European maintenance location at the Paris Le Bourget airport. In addition, we delivered the first two XLS aircraft to our Chinese joint venture at Zhuhai. Development of our new Latitude continues to go well as we now accumulated 500 test flights generating 12,000 test hours. Customer response to Latitude continues to be positive following its debut at NBAA. Customers in the North America are currently flying demo flights and theyre impressed with the spacious stand-up cabin and $2,700 [indiscernible] range that Latitude offers. We expect Latitude deliveries will begin in the second half of this year. On the market front, new jet customer interest and inquiry activity has been noticeably better than a year ago. Were also encouraged that available used aircraft continues to come down, which is resulting in used aircraft moving fairly quickly and the stabilization of residual values, especially for used aircraft with low hours. On balance, we believe our best path forward at this point is to remain conservative with respect to increasing production and to continue in our path for new product developments. To summarize, we believe we ended the year with strong EPS and cash flow performance. And throughout the year, we took actions that should position our businesses for continued growth over the next several years. Textron systems began deliveries of the TCDL V2 system retrofit program and made a good progress in getting the Canadian TAPV program back on track. We advanced our Ship to Shore program and began initial production activity to support first delivery plan for 2017. We also signed additional international contracts Sensor-Fuzed Weapons that we expect will support production at current levels for 2016. And were gaining traction with some of our new product platforms such as the unmanned naval mine detection system for which we won an initial U.S. Navy contract on October. At Industrial, our double-digit top line growth this year reflects our continuing investment in new products such as the new electric Bad Boy Recoil iS hunting vehicle and specialized vehicles and the DataScout 10G Ethernet Network Analyzer at Tools & Test. Industrial growth was also the result of ongoing acquisitions which demonstrates our ability to leverage these businesses for growth and long-term shareholder value. At Bell, we continued to improve our win rate in the commercial helicopter markets based on attractiveness of our new and upgraded products, our industry-leading aftermarket support and our expanding sales business around the world. Were also winning on the military side as we were included among the finalist to proceed with our V-280 platform for the U.S. DOD future vertical program. We also made good progress with our cost structure as we compared to the ramp-down in military production of V-22. Looking to 2015, Bell top line will down overall. But we expect commercial to grow based on what were seeing in the customer pipeline and market opportunities for the year. We expect Bell to return to overall top line growth in 2016 and 17 with the introduction of the new 505 and 525 models. Textron Aviation, we brought the Hawker, Beechcraft and Cessna brands under one roof allowing us to offer a much wider array of products and services to our customers significantly improving cost productivity. Looking to 2015, we anticipate moderate growth driven by our strategy and the Beech acquisition. To finish with Textrons 2015 financial guidance, were projecting revenues of about $14.4 billion with EPS from continuing operations in the range of $2.30 to $2.50. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions is expected to be in the range of $550 million to $650 million. With that, Ill turn the call to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $398 million, up $91 million from the fourth quarter of 2013 on a $590 million increase in revenues. Lets look at how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. At Textron Aviation, revenues were up $597 million from this period last year, reflecting a $556 million impact from the Beechcraft acquisition, higher volumes and favorable mix. The segment had a profit of $130 million compared to $33 million at the Cessna segment a year ago. This reflected improved performance including the impact of the Beechcraft acquisition and favorable volume mix and pricing. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1.4 billion, approximately flat with the end of third quarter. Moving to Bell, revenues were down $304 million, reflecting lower V-22 and commercial deliveries. Segment profit decreased $32 million from the fourth quarter in 2013, primarily reflecting the lower volumes, partially offset by favorable performance. At Textron Systems, revenues were up $212 million, reflecting higher unmanned systems volumes and the impact of acquisitions partially offset by lower Marine and Land system volumes. Segment profit was up $10 million, reflecting the higher volumes. Industrial revenues increased $89 million due to higher overall volumes and the impact of acquisitions, partially offset by unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Segment profit increased $13 million, reflecting favorable performance and the impact of higher volumes. Finance segment revenues decreased $4 million and profit increased $3 million. Non-accrual accounts ended the quarter at $81 million, down $21 million from the end of the third quarter while 60 day delinquencies were $57 million, down $13 million in the quarter. Moving below the segment profit line, corporate expenses were $58 million and our tax rate was 25.8%. The fourth quarter tax rate benefitted from the U.S. R&D tax credit law passed late in the quarter as well as increased profits in the international jurisdictions with lower tax rates. Interest expense was $40 million, up from $27 million a year ago, primarily reflecting debt cost related to the Beechcraft acquisition financing. During the quarter, we issued $350 million in notes and an effective rate of 3.9% and implemented an early redemption of $350 million of the existing 6.2% notes that were coming due in March of this year. We also repurchased 545,000 of our shares at an overall cost of about $21 million. For the full-year, we repurchased about 8.9 million shares at an overall cost of about $340 million. At the end of the year, with $3.1 billion in total company net debt, with gross manufacturing debt of $2.8 billion, resulting in a year-end manufacturing debt to EBITDA multiple of about 2x. The work weve been doing over the past several years to strengthen our businesses and our balance sheet was recognized earlier this month by S&P with a credit rating upgrade to mid triple-B which is consistent with our targeted rating. Turning now to our 2015 guidance, beginning with our segments on Slide 9, at Textron Aviation, were expecting about 9% revenue growth, bringing revenues to about $5 billion, reflecting our new product strategy and the additional two-and-half months of revenue from the Beechcraft acquisition. Segment margins are expected to be in range of 6.5% to 7.5%, about 200 basis points higher than 2014 at the midpoint. This includes 13 million in the remaining Beechcraft fair value step-up adjustments for 2015. At Bell, we expect overall revenues of about $4 billion, reflecting an approximate $600 million decline in military revenues, partially offset by higher commercial revenues with expected margins in the range of 11% to 12%. At systems, were estimating revenues of about $1.7 billion, approximately 5% higher than last year, primarily due to growth at Marine and Land and TRU Simulation and Training. Segment margins are expected to be in the range of 8.5% to 9.5%. At Industrial, were expecting solid growth in each of our businesses resulting in 8% segment revenue growth to about $3.6 billion with estimated margins in the range of 8.5% to 9%. At Finance, we are forecasting segment profit in the range of $10 million to $15 million. Turning to Slide 10, we are estimating 2015 pension cost will be about $150 million, up from $128 million for 2014. This reflects a U.S. plan discount rate of 4.25%, 75 basis points lower than last year, the new mortality tables and the impact of the Beechcraft acquisition. However, we estimate that the P&L impact is relatively neutral on a year-over-year basis. Turning to Slide 11, R&D is expected to be approximately $600 million, up from $556 million in 2014 representing approximately 4.2% sales. Were estimating CapEx will be about $475 million, up from last years capital expenditure of $429 million reflecting our investment in new products and geographic expansion. Moving below the segment line and looking at Slide 12, were projecting about $175 million for corporate expense. 2015 interest expense is estimated at $135 million reflecting the favorable rate from our fourth quarter refinancing activity and lower interest cost related to the Beechcraft acquisition financings. Were assuming a tax rate of about 30% and a flat share count of about 280 million shares reflecting share repurchase to offset dilution. That concludes our prepared remarks. So, operator, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Sam Pearlstein: Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Sam.
Sam Pearlstein: Can you talk about - I guess oil prices is just something - you talked about commercial helicopter growth, so I guess first piece is how is that affecting in Bell and then secondly, if you can talk a little bit about how thats impacting Caltech since I would presume youre going to get lower commodity cost but also have a little more FX situation there.
Scott Donnelly: So Sam, in terms of Bell, its sort of at the margins. As you know, we probably are less than 10% of our commercial helicopters in the oil and gas market. Frankly, thats a number wed like to see higher. Thats part of the rationality of the investment in the 525 because I do think over time that will continue to be a large market segment that we would like to participate in a bigger way. But at this point, its a fairly small piece. Most of our aircraft are in service in that market or still flying to a lot of the Gulf of Mexico rigs and things like that. So I think theres probably some softness in the exploration world but in terms of our customers operating the aircraft under contract of the existing operating rigs, we havent seen really material change in that. In terms of what it means from a commodity cost standpoint, most of the contracts that we have in the automotive world, we largely pass through increases and decreases on commodity, so I dont expect it to be a big swinger one way or the other.
Sam Pearlstein: Thanks. And then just if I could follow up, Bell in Aviation, if I look relative to what you said, revenues would look like back in October versus what they were now, seemed like a shift. Did any of that shift to 2015 or can you talk a little bit about what happened on the top line with those?
Scott Donnelly: So if you look at Bell, certainly the commercial market was softer than we expected earlier in the year and so that accounts for the bulk of the lower revenues at Bell. As I said earlier, I do expect to see some pick-up. Theres not a specific thing in this story [ph] that carry over from quarter to quarter but there certainly are a number of opportunities in the marketplace that we feel were likely to win that would help us see a slight uptake in commercial activity in 2015 versus 2014. And then on the systems front, the big impact really for us on the year was the TAPV program which moved from 2014 to 15. And so well start deliveries of those systems in the latter part of this year.
Sam Pearlstein: Thank you.
Operator: Then well go to Robert Stallard with Royal Bank of Canada. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Thanks very much. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: Scott, before, you said it looks like the business jet environment has turned a corner. Looking forward, how long will it probably require for you to see some decent order intake before youd start contemplating rate increases?
Scott Donnelly: Rob, we - obviously, this is something we kind of look at on a month-to-month basis. At this point, clearly, we - if the order rate did increase and things did get appreciatively stronger, we could make some adjustments that would increase our production rates in the latter part of the year. Still, at this point, but thats really something we look at on a month-to-month basis based on realized orders. So its certainly better as we said, the amount of activity. And the first quarter is never early in the year necessarily a strong time in terms of orders but the reality is a lot of the customer conversations and demos and activity that we saw in the latter part of last year led to good orders. It seems to be continuing into the first part of this year, so we definitely feel good about where it is versus a year ago but well probably delay here in terms of making any commitments to increase any kind of production rates until we see more of those orders actually fall into the backlog.
Robert Stallard: Thanks. And as a follow-up, one of your competitors decided to pause development of one of their models. Do you see this as specific to the model theyre working on or reflective of the broader market?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Rob, I think its the fact that this is a very competitive segment of the market and if youve got to make calls in terms of your prioritization, it doesnt surprise me that thats the one that you would prioritize out.
Robert Stallard: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Then well go to Jason Gursky with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Gursky: Good morning, everyone.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Jason Gursky: Scott, I was wondering if you could just talk about the portfolio, broadly speaking, and your view on the outlook for the need to add or subtract from the portfolio and your view on the acquisition outlook and pipeline going forward?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Look, thats a very dynamic thing, right? I mean were not - we sort of keep an eye out across all the businesses and look for opportunities that we think are deals that we can do, that we can make highly accretive and bring a lot of value and good leverage into the company. So clearly, if you look back at 2014, the Beechcraft deal was obviously a sizable deal. Theres not a lot of those kind of deals that are out there but thats one that we looked at and said we think we can acquire that, integrate it and make it be good for the customers and good for our shareholders. And I think that that worked, obviously, in a smaller way in terms of the magnitude of the size of the deals. Over the last couple of years, the technologies of the world and the Sherman + Reillys and the acquisitions of our simulator businesses, I think these are deals that have been good deals. And theyre performing at or above our expectations and I think are bringing good value to the overall company. So well kind of keep an eye out on all fronts. And we dont feel like were under any pressure to have to go do any deal. I mean most of our focus on a day-to-day basis with our businesses is very organically focused and around developing new products. But if something comes along that looks like it makes sense, well always take a look.
Jason Gursky: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Well go to Cai von Rumohr with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr: Yes. Thanks so much. So maybe you mentioned that you expect Latitude deliveries in the second half. My recollection is you were expecting them before mid-year. Has that slipped at all? And maybe also give us an update on your larger plane, the Longitude.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. So, Cai, I think weve talked about certification that could happen here in the second quarter where I think were still on track for that. The program is going very well. Thereve been no issues, technical or otherwise. The aircraft is flying great. Were working our way through the test programs. The search schedule seems to be going very well. But getting all the Ts crossed and the Is dotted and when that happens in the quarter, I think at this point, wed say that means that likely if you get a second quarter cert, youre probably going to have third quarter deliveries. So if things go really well, could we pull an aircraft or two into the quarter? Thats, I guess, possible. But at this point, our experience on getting through the final cert is - just getting through the paperwork process is not always easy, so well keep working hard. But the program is in great shape. Its going as we expected and were really pleased with it. So in terms of Longitude, that program is ramping up pretty significantly. Teams are actively working. We think we know what the configuration of the aircraft is based on a lot of work with customers and where we are. So youll see that really started ramping up in the latter part of last year and through all this year.
Cai von Rumohr: Okay. And could you give us any more color on new products in the aviation sector? Like when is Longitude going to come and do you have any other introductions we might see in the next year?
Scott Donnelly: I think that were prepared to announce it this time. I do think, Cai, that you will see a debut of the Longitude sometime in the not too distant future.
Cai von Rumohr: Got it, okay. Thank you very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Lets go to Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Frank Connor: Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Noah Poponak: Just going back to the topic of the polls [ph] youre keeping on Cessna production and the overall health of the business [share market]. Can you update us on whether or not lead times have extended for your customers since your October update or how far sold out you are and then what that number needs to be? I think in the past, you said, you wouldnt let a customer wait nine months just trying to see how close we are to getting to that point.
Scott Donnelly: Oh no, its a tough question youre asking. It really does vary model by model. You know what I mean.
Frank Connor: Yes.
Scott Donnelly: We have somewhere - again we had customers that - some would have liked probably a fourth quarter delivery that is moved out in the first part of this year because we did get that sold out point on some of those aircraft. But generally speaking, as I said, look, wed like to be in that six to nine months. Clearly, thats not where the business is right now. But some models are - some are fairly strong in the future quarters. And others you still have availability thats within the quarter. Obviously when you talk about new products like the Latitude, theres order book on that but thats dated obviously by getting some certification in the first delivery. So its --
Noah Poponak: Okay.
Scott Donnelly: Id still - as I said, Id love to see every model sitting in that six month or so timeframe. And theyre not. But I think the momentum in that direction certainly has improved over the past six months.
Noah Poponak: But it sounds like that hasnt really - I mean I know its a pretty short period of time but it sounds like that hasnt really extended from your third quarter update.
Scott Donnelly: It has on a couple of models.
Noah Poponak: Okay.
Scott Donnelly: But there are still some models that are available for sale within the quarter.
Noah Poponak: And do you have a projection for how many Latitudes youll deliver this year?
Scott Donnelly: We dont.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And can I ask you that same question on Bell commercial units?
Scott Donnelly: So were not putting a specific number out on the Bell commercial units. No, but I would say it would be sort of up modestly from the deliveries in 2014.
Noah Poponak: Okay.
Scott Donnelly: Its pretty much across the product line in terms different models.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And is anything improved there from an end market perspective or did you just get a little bit easier in comparison? Or has anything changed there?
Scott Donnelly: No, no, its okay. Its a market that honestly, we dont really know what has driven a lot of the slowdown. But people have been a little slower to commit capital. But the deals are still being talked about, right. So its not like we had back in the business yet days where things really just kind of came to an absolute screeching halt. So were certainly disappointed with the rate of order intake and sales in 2014. Opportunities are out there and discussions are happening. And I think there are still deals that are going to be done. And a lot of those I think for whatever reason, just appeared to have been delayed from 14. And I certainly dont think all of them are going to come through. But I think theyll - our expectation certainly is there will be more activity in 15 than we saw in 14.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thanks very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Well go to Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hi, good morning. Thanks. In terms of Textron aviation margins into 2015, just given your underlying margin rate was about 8% in the second half, how do we think about mix in price and R&D heading into next year?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think, Sheila, we think about price next year as probably being very slightly improved from 14. Mix will probably be fairly similar. I mean we already shifted in 14 to sort of higher ASP, larger aircraft which we saw versus 13. In terms of margin, were expecting obviously to see good conversion on leverage. Dont forget we have almost a full first quarter of the Beech acquisition which was not in 2014. So theres almost a quarter of worth for the Beech acquisition that doesnt bring with that kind of increased leverage in terms of volume. But to back that out, overall, I think we feel pretty good about where the margins are going. And well probably see mid-20s conversion on the stuff thats really true; volume growth in 2015 versus 14.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Got it. And then just on cash flow looking into 15 again. What are the working capital assumptions on that 550 to 650 guidance? And I guess, what are you assuming happens to inventories at Bell and Cessna? Then just a quick follow up on that, the capital allocation question asked before. I think you had a small bolt-on in the interiors - for an interiors business in the aviation last week. Can you talk about how youre thinking about for 15 the allocation of buybacks versus additional deals?
Scott Donnelly: Okay. In terms of Bell, I mean we are - were still going to see some pressure around a buildup of 505 and 525 as we get into the latter part of the year. So that will pressure somewhat some of our working capital on specifically at Bell. In terms of the bolt-on deal, we had a - it was a UTX business thats been doing all the interiors for our aircrafts for some time. Its basically, almost entirely, our shop. I mean it really - they did a little bit of work for Bombardier. But most of the work was for Cessna and we thought we could try better productivity and better integration, frankly, with our manufacturing lines if it was something that we picked up. And its nice that they were interested in disposing out. So I think we came to good terms that were good for both companies and it gives us a little more control over whats the very important part of the customer experience in terms of the interiors of the aircraft. So its a relatively small deal. But I think a good deal for us, both financially as well as just making it better integrated with our overall manufacturing operations for our aircraft. In terms of the capital allocation, Sheila, were continue to kind of focus on committing as a minimum stock buyback to prevent dilution of employee program and so were committed to do that. And as you know, well always keep an eye out for acquisition activity. And from a stock buyback standpoint, if we think theres optimistic points in time to the course of the year to do additional buybacks, then well certainly do that if we think it makes sense.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Great, thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Well go to Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse, please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you. Just a question on the balance sheet and the target leverage. I mean, I think, Frank, you had said that the rating you now have from the agency is what youre looking for. Where do you feel the kind of optimal leverage is? And I guess, second, back to Scott, when you talked about looking opportunistically on buyback or M&A, again what size of capacity do you think you have over the balance of this year to use that leverage?
Frank Connor: Yes. So from a leverage standpoint as I indicated, were around the area that were comfortable at. We think about it as 2x to 2.5x that EBITDA against manufacturing debt levels. And thats where weve gotten into. So kind of well - they paid down a little bit more of the debt associated with the Beechcraft acquisitions here. But were still pretty comfortable with our overall debt levels. And I think in terms of acquisition capacity, it really obviously depends on the transaction. I think we demonstrated kind of that we had capacity with the Beechcraft acquisition obviously to do something that was meaningful for the corporation to do with all debt. And kind of bring it in, drive the synergies out of it, and deleverage relatively quickly some of that debt to our performance. So it will very be deal-specific. But we dont feel like we are constrained relative to the types of things that we think about as being potentially available out there in the marketplace. And we would obviously finance anything appropriately to maintain the type of leverage levels that were talking about in targeted rating categories.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. And then for Scott just on Bell, the guidance for 2015. I think your guidance implies of the midpoint, the sort mid-high 20s, decremental margin. Maybe you have a little bit of color on how the fixed cost base at Bell, where you are of the reductions there. And also the impact of the ERP rollout is on the margins in 15 and maybe further out please.
Scott Donnelly: So I think if you look at the cost activities, weve taken some pretty major restructuring over the last year and a half or so to align the business with where we expect to be particularly driven by the known volume around B22. I think were largely there. Were always going to continue to look at cost and further cost reduction programs. So I think in terms of what we set out to do knowing what was going on with B22, were there. Now obviously, were going to continue to watch the commercial market. And any further softness or impact or not meeting expectations around commercial would lead us to do more on cost reduction. So I think weve demonstrated that we can do what we need to do the structural cost of the business appropriately. And if volume further adjusts, then well further adjust cost.
Julian Mitchell: And just on the ERP, whats the effect on margins year-on-year is this year?
Scott Donnelly: So the ERP, the impact at this point is probably largely behind us. We did have a headwind, and obviously in 2014, as a result, a lot of the inventory that was built and cost that was inventoried through that process. So at this stage in the game, most of that is largely in line [ph]. The system is working. It continues to improve and I - it was a painful process but I think we ended up in a better place. So at this point, from an accounting standpoint, most of those headwinds associated with that really played itself out through 2014. So that helps us a bit as we head into 2015.
Julian Mitchell: Right. Thank you very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Nadol with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Joseph Nadol: Thanks. Good morning. Starting on Bell, the margin was quite strong and the quarter is better than its been for a couple of years. Is that - kind of the ERP kind of wearing off? I would have thought that the mix in Q4 with V-22 coming down would hurt you a little bit but just looking sequentially, you had a good quarter.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean, it did, Joe. And clearly, the cross-reduction activity is working. We did start to see less of a drag, I suppose, of the ERP activity now. We did have somewhat prior deliveries of V-22s than we expect to see on a quarter-by-quarter basis going forward because we still had a little bit left of the original multiyear and then the last deliveries on the multiyear two. In general, I think what you saw was just strong performance by the business largely driven by the cost activities that theyve taken over the last couple of years.
Joseph Nadol: Okay. And then on the commercial front, just a push on that one more time because it does seem at odds with - in terms of the outlook for growth ops with what - that weve seen from you guys, what were hearing from you and also some of your competitors. Is this fleet bids that are out in the marketplace that give you some confidence? Is it one-off or twosies and threesies kind of small business orders? Is it U.S., is it international? Where are you seeing a pick-up in activity?
Scott Donnelly: Its sort of all of the above, Joe. I mean, obviously the fleet deals can move the needle on these things when you get a quantity buy. But it really is across the board. Theres cases of two or three 412s here, two or three 412s there which are meaningful opportunities for us.
Joseph Nadol: Okay. And then, just finally, on the aviation margins front, a real bounce-back here, obviously. And you talked about some of the - we know some of the positives coming into 2015. You obviously beat your guidance in 2014 by a pretty significant amount. So if I were to pose it this way, whats going to prevent you from beating it by a couple of hundred basis points again in 2015? What are the pressures youre seeing? What would you say?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, largely, the reason we had such an outperform on our - versus our guidance this year was that a lot of the synergies that we expected to get in the Beechcraft deal happened. And they happened quicker than we would have had in our plans. So we realized an awful lot of that into this year. So theres clearly some knock-on benefit of that as we go into 2015. And as weve said, theres other projects and programs this coming year, although, we tend to put the cost and the benefit sort of wash [ph] in 2015. But I think the team just - they beat because they got to the synergy levels, to that run rate faster than what was in the plan.
Joseph Nadol: Okay. All right, thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Joseph.
Operator: Well go to Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead. Mr. Sprague, your line is open. Check your mute button. Well move on to Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning. I was wondering, with respect to R&D in the slides, you pointed out - this might be more of a correction for Bell - or sorry, Beechcraft, the $556 million full-year R&D and I think if you go back last year, you expected to do about $490 million. Is the delta there Beechcraft or is it broader than that?
Scott Donnelly: No, its largely driven by the - the original guidance didnt have the Beechcraft deal in there, so its largely driven by Beechcraft incrementals.
Myles Walton: Okay. And the other clarification, I guess to Joes question, maybe when you close out the multiyear on the V-22 in the quarter, did you have a significant positive EAC [ph] that helped the margins at Bell?
Scott Donnelly: We did have an EAC that reflected part of the wind-down of the multiyear. So --
Myles Walton: But it puts [indiscernible] trend over the last couple of quarters?
Scott Donnelly: I think if you look at the total EAC adjustments in the quarter, and obviously youll see the data for the total business, that wasnt inconsistent really with a typical quarter for us.
Myles Walton: And then the last one. Within Cessna, the mature programs versus new programs, XLS, is that softness there mostly attributable to the coming of the Latitude? And what are you broadly seeing between mature and new programs in 2015 in terms of delivery mix?
Scott Donnelly: So I would say fairly balanced. I mean, obviously the Latitude will give us a little bit of an uptake on the new product front. XLS is not particularly soft. I think thats a market, if you look at those two aircrafts, youve got a significant range difference with a Latitude of 2,700 versus an XLS at around, I want to say, 2,000 to 2,100. Im just going to go off memory here. And clearly a very different price point. So its - cabin size, range, all those things that generally drive differentiation between aircraft, theres a pretty big spread between an XLS and a Latitude in terms of its performance and cabin size, and as a result, correlation in price. So we really dont see the Latitude as eating into much of the XLS market segment.
Myles Walton: All right, thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro: Yes. I wonder if you might break out - you said the book-to-bill at aviation was about 1. Scott, I was wondering if you could break out what it would have been if we took out the defense piece of Beech as well as the turboprop so we kind of just looked at the jet business.
Scott Donnelly: George, were - the book to - all the backlog will be reported just as a single number. But to your point, theres going to be volatility, obviously, from quarter to quarter depending on whats going on in the market. And we had T-6 orders in the quarter for instance with Mexico which you saw but we also had T-6 sell [ph] in the quarter. So were not going to break that number out. Its just going to be a single backlog number for the aviation segment.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then if I looked at the incremental margin and tried to make some estimates for what it would be just to Cessna by itself, Scott, its probably around 50%. And if I look at your guidance for 15 between the high and the low, the incremental ranges from 21 to 33. So to your point, the midpoint is in the mid 20s. Can you walk through kind of the drivers for the 21 to 33 next year and what doesnt recur in this quarter with the - what looks like 50%? And I recognize part of it is Im taking out Beech and Beech is in your numbers for next year.
Scott Donnelly: Yes, George, I want to make sure I follow along. When we look at leverage on kind of incremental, which is how we generally look at it, weve been kind of sitting on that - it was actually - it was pretty high from Q2 to Q3, it was a little lower from Q3 to Q4. And we always have, again, that volatility, we have more cost around SG&A in Q4 with the NBAAs, and again, a lot of ramp on the R&D side particularly on Longitude, obviously continue flight testing on Latitude. So we kind of look at this on a total year-over-year basis, so if you look at our guidance for next year and you backed out the incrementals of the first quarter of Beechcraft, which is additive, I would say, as opposed to leverage, we still think and weve always said that were going to probably sit somewhere in that mid-20s of leverage on the volume. And its pretty much across the whole product line. Its not particularly mix-sensitive. Our gross margins are pretty good across the whole line of products. So I think the midpoint of where we are looks at about a 25% leverage on that incremental volume on a year-over-year basis.
George Shapiro: Okay, thanks very much.
Scott Donnelly: Okay.
Operator: Lets go to Ron Epstein with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ron Epstein: Hey, Scott. Good morning, guys. Maybe changing gears just a little bit. Scott, theres been a bunch of press lately - not a bunch, but some press lately about potential Scorpion deals with the UAE, maybe even Nigeria. I was wondering if you can give us any color, broadly speaking, on whats going on with that program and international interest.
Scott Donnelly: So there is still significant international interest. We have conversations ongoing with several customers. Theres starting to be some reasonable RFI and RFPs sort of formal activity of countries that are looking at replacing the exact kinds of aircraft that we anticipated this aircraft would address in terms of the market. So we feel pretty good about that part of the uptake obviously in R&D as we go into 2015 as weve had a very successful series of flight test programs through 2014, some good customer demos and sort of debuted the aircraft at Farnborough and Riyadh. We certainly expect that stuff to continue in 2015 and well be at a point now where we expect to be responding formally to some customers RFPs. We are proceeding with the manufacturer of the first conforming aircraft so that were ready to enter into certification testing. And so thats why you see a little bit - part of the increase in R&D from an overall company standpoint reflects our commitment to move forward on the program.
Ron Epstein: Okay, great. And then maybe just one more broad one on the biz jet market. Given some of the troubles that your competitor to the north has had, youve seen the Lear 85 get paused, whatever that means, so thats, I guess, out of the market for a while. Have you seen much irrational competition given that theres some discussion that Bombardier needs to generate cash?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I mean our sales force will always tell you its always the other guy thats being irrational. Of course, I mean this is just the nature of selling but yes, we think weve seen some top [ph] pricing in some places. But frankly, over the last year or so, I would say theres been kind of a stabilization. So each of the products thats out there in the marketplace has kind of achieved a price point and I think thats been pretty stable over the last year or so. Wed like to see higher, obviously, but its a competitive marketplace.
Ron Epstein: Okay, great. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And our final question will come from Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton. Please go ahead.
Pete Skibitski: Good morning, guys. Scott, I just want to follow up on the Citation XLS again one more time. I mean deliveries went down pretty sharply this year especially the fourth quarter. Did that surprise you, I guess, is my question? And just directionally into 2015, are we at kind of a new lower level now or maybe is China going to help pick that up?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean we saw the first couple of XLSs into China obviously. I do think overall our year in 14 was skewed towards the new products like the new Sovereign Plus being out there, the X-Plus being out there and so I think that had clearly some influence to the market. But I would expect XLS Plus - again, the demand we see would - it should be pretty stable.
Pete Skibitski: Okay. And then just a last one. Could you give a sense of what sense the aftermarket grew in 2014 and 2015 expectations?
Scott Donnelly: Our aftermarket businesses are growing around mid single-digits and I would expect that thats where theyll continue to be.
Pete Skibitski: Okay, thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Doug Wilburne: Okay, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us. And, Gail, if youll share the replay information, wed appreciate that. Good day.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being made available for replay after 10 am Eastern time today through April 27th at midnight. You may access the AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 800-475-6701 and entering the access code 307264. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. Again, those numbers are 800-475-6701, international participants dial 320-365-3844. Enter the access code 307264. That does conclude your conference for today. We thank you for your participation and using AT&T Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-17 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Wilburne - Vice President - Investor Relations Scott Donnelly - Chairman and CEO Frank Connor - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Joe Nadol - JPMorgan Carter Copeland - Barclays Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada John Godyn - Morgan Stanley Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company Miles Walton - Deutsche Bank Jason Gursky - Citi George Shapiro - Shapiro Research Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Textron Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this call is being recorded. Id now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Doug Wilburne. Please go ahead, sir.
Doug Wilburne: Thanks Brad and good morning everyone. Before we begin, Id like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in todays press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textrons Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Textrons revenues in the quarter were $3.4 billion, up $526 million from last years third quarter. The Beechcraft acquisition, completed at the end of the first quarter, contributed $398 million to the increase. Income from continuing operations was $0.57 per share compared to $0.35 in the third quarter of 2013. Textron aviation operating results included a $10 million reduction to segment profit from fair value step-up adjustments to acquired Beechcraft inventories sold during the quarter, plus there was an additional $3 million charge related to Beechcraft restructuring costs, which were recorded on a separate line for acquisition and restructuring costs. Together these items reduced EPS by $0.03 per share. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $144 million compared to $269 million in last years third quarter, bringing year-to-date cash inflow to $304 million, compared to a use of cash of 580 million at this point last year. Third quarter pension contributions were $17 million. And with that Ill turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks Doug and good morning everybody. Revenues were up 18% in the quarter, reflecting success of new product investments and our acquisition strategies. For example, at Industrial, we saw growth across all our businesses, reflecting the impact of new production introductions and recent acquisitions in the segment such as TUG Technologies, Dixie Chopper and HD Electric. On the new product front, Textrons specialized vehicle, we introduced the new Recoil iS Crew, an electric Bad Boy Buggies vehicle with the cargo bed and two forward-facing bench seats. At Jacobsen, we rolled out a completely refreshed TurfCat front rotary mower featuring all-hydraulic; traction drives with the lowest cost of ownership in this class. In Textron Tools & Test in August, we made a small technology acquisition that resulted in the launch of a new product The DataScout 10G which further adds to our currently family of Ethernet/Transport network analyzers. At Caltex, revenue growth reflected ordinary strength in the North American market, which did overcome some softness in Europe. Moving to Systems, revenues were down in part due to delay in TAPV vehicle program for which we had expected to begin delivers in the quarter. During the reliability testing in August, we identified the need for a number of durability improvements in the vehicle steering system and in cooperation with the customer, we decided the best approach to suspend the testing to support an optimal redesign and retest process. Our initial analysis indicates that well be able to meet the vehicle durability requirements with relatively minor modification [to us] during system. We expect to redesign validation retest process, well do initial deliveries by about one year. Elsewhere in systems, were making progress on a number of fronts. Our TCDL program, the customers agreed to begin accepting production units which commenced during the fourth quarter. Our Unmanned Systems business which recently awarded a contract to provide an Unmanned Naval Mine Detection System for use in conjunction with the Navys Littoral Combat Ship. This will validates investments weve been making to leverage our unmanned aircraft technologies in the marine-based applications. Our [SIMTRU], Simulation and Training business we now have plans to open an East Coast Citation training facility in Tampa, Florida, which will complement our West Coast facility in Carlsbad California providing more convenient access for our customers. And earlier this week we announced well be opening a training center in Valencia, Spain in 2016 with the Bell 429 full flight simulator as our initial offering. On the air transport side of TRU, we delivered a Boeing 737 NG simulator that we used at Boeing Training Center in Singapore. We also won a contract to provide China Express Airlines with the Bombardier CRJ 900 full flight simulator for pilot training and a contract to provide Airbus A320 full flight simulator at Ansett Aviation, one of the largest training operators in Southern Hemisphere. In our Bell segment, we delivered 12 V-22s and 4 H-1s compared to 10 V-22s and 7 H-1s in last years third quarter. On the commercial side, we delivered 41 aircraft, down from 54 a year ago. We continue to see slow order flow across the commercial helicopter market compared to last year and at this point with only a quarter ago, we expect 2014 commercial deliveries will be down from last years 213 units. Despite this environment, Bells win rate remains favorable, especially with our model 429 where deliveries are up year-to-date over last year. In China, we received regulatory approval to conduct helicopter pilot and maintenance training for our growing business in the country. During the quarter, we were also named the number one product support organization by Aviation International News for the 9th consecutive year. We continue to make great progress on development of our 525 Relentless program. Our first two test vehicles are in final assembly and manufacturing process is going smoothly, thanks to large part use of new digital design and manufacturing process tools. Weve also begun safety flight testing for most of the major components of the systems. However, in order to accumulate the hours necessary to demonstrate safety margins on all components, we now anticipate first flight will occur during the first quarter of the year. Development of our 505 Jet Ranger X program is also proceeding well with first flight still expected by the end of this year. We also broke ground for our new 505 assembly facility in Lafayette, Louisiana. We continue to sign new customer purchase agreements reflecting solid demand for the aircraft in the marketplace. Moving to Textron Aviation, in the quarter we delivered 33 jets and 30 King Air turboprops. In last years third quarter we delivered 25 jets and Beechcraft delivered 26 King Air. Were seeing a number of encouraging trends with Textron Aviation. First, integration of Beechcraft is going extremely well, which is evident in our cost productivity with a significant sequential improvement in margins. Another example of integration benefit is the roll out of the new product support program for our King turboprop customers, based on Cessnas ProAdvantage life cycle service program. On the market front we continue to see the availability of used aircraft come down and our only used trading activity has improved. In the new aircraft market, we have seen a pickup in order activity since September. With improving market dynamics, were encouraged as we prepare to exhibit our full line of products in next weeks annual NBAA show including the debut of the first fully configured Citation Latitude. I was in [with talks] several weeks ago I have the opportunity to see the NBAA Latitude first hand. Its a great looking airplane and it makes an impressive statement about value, comfort, style and performance. In fact with over 600 cumulative flight hours and development program, we recently announced that the aircrafts range has been increased to 2,700 nautical miles. To wrap up, we believe we had a solid third quarter with overall revenue growth, improved manufacturing margins and solid cash flow performance. Furthermore, our strategy of investing in new products is paying off and were seeing significant contributions from our M&A investments. With that, Ill turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott. Good morning everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $293 million up $85 million from the third quarter of 2013 on a $526 million increase in revenues. Lets look at how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. At Textron Aviation, revenues were up $487 million from this period last year, reflecting $398 million of acquired Beechcraft revenue and higher new jet volumes. The segment had a profit of $62 million compared to a loss of $23 million at the Cessna segment a year ago. This reflected the impact of the Beechcraft acquisition, higher new jet volume and favorable pricing and inflation. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1.4 billion, approximately flat with the end of second quarter. Moving to Bell, revenues were up $20 million, reflecting higher V-22 program volume partially offset by lower H-1 and commercial deliveries. Segment profit increased $15 million from the third quarter in 2013, primarily reflecting favorable performance. At Textron Systems, revenues were down $47 million, reflecting lower Marine and Land Systems volume partially offset by the impact of acquisitions. Segment profit was down $8 million, reflecting the lower volumes. Industrial revenues increased $74 million due to the impact of acquisitions and higher overall volumes. Segment profit increased $1 million, reflecting the impact of higher volumes offset by an unfavorable mix of revenues in the quarter. Finance segment revenues decreased $8 million, primarily due to gains on finance receivable dispositions during the third quarter of 2013. Segment profit decreased $8 million primarily due to prior year impacts of loan loss reversals and gains associated with the dispositions, partially offset by lower administrative expenses. Non-accrual accounts ended the quarter at 101 million, up 13 million from the end of the second quarter while 60 day delinquencies were 70 million, down 26 million in the quarter. Moving below the segment profit line, corporate expenses were $22 million and our tax rate was 30.7%. Interest expense was $37 million, up from $29 million a year ago, reflecting debt cost related to the Beechcraft acquisition financing. We recorded $3 million of restructuring cost in the quarter on the acquisition and restructuring line and we still expect full year cost of about $45 million. During the quarter, we repurchased about 4.1 million shares at an overall cost of about a $152 million. We also repaid $200 million of our $500 million five year bank loan from the Beechcraft acquisition. Finally, we are increasing our full year earnings per share from continuing operations guidance to a range of $2.05 to $2.15 a share and increasing our estimated manufacturing cash flow from continuing operations before pension contributions to $700 million to $800 million. That concludes our prepared remarks. So Brad, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question will come from Joe Nadol with JPMorgan.
Joe Nadol - JPMorgan: Thanks. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Joe Nadol - JPMorgan: Scott, just first of all on the Systems side of things, given that there is some large lumpy programs here, if you could just maybe give us an update on what you expect revenue to be for the year relative to your earlier expectations. And then I know youre not going to give 2015 guidance yet, but as we think about the year delay on the vehicle program, whats the profile sort of the quarterly run rate we should be thinking about until you start those deliveries?
Scott Donnelly: So, first of all Joe, the revenue at the Systems is probably going to be down about 300 from what we were originally forecasting and thats principally driven by vehicle programs.
Joe Nadol - JPMorgan: Okay. And then, into next year?
Scott Donnelly: We are probably not going to go into 2015 guidance yet Joe. We have a lot of work to do here at the balance of the year and make sure that we know where we are on the TAPV program in particular, were well into the analysis phase; we feel pretty good about where it is. Were just based on that starting to lay out what that recovery plan looks like. So, I think we probably would prefer to wait and give you the guidance on that when we get into the January call for 2015.
Joe Nadol - JPMorgan: Okay. Over Aviation, good margin there, but when we think about the Beech cost saves that you laid out at the time of the acquisition, is there a way of thinking about how much of that is now embedded in on a run rate basis in the Q3 number?
Scott Donnelly: So, Joe absolutely, I mean clearly whats happening here is that the number that we guided you guys, were getting there quicker is basically whats happening. So I think the speed of the integration of the cost takeout, the integration of the organizations and whatnot has happened quicker than we laid out. So, I think we still feel pretty good about the absolute numbers that we gave you but were going to get there sooner. So, obviously thats going to drive some margin expansion in the year thats part of what -- the largest part frankly whats driving our increase to our guidance. We had said originally that to help you guys think about 15 to think about a couple of hundred basis points improvement over where we would be this year, obviously thats not going to be as bigger number, because were going to achieve more of that this year. So, when you think about going forward, its not going to be a 200 basis points, because were sort of raising the bar this year only because were getting there quicker.
Joe Nadol - JPMorgan: Okay. And then just finally sticking with Aviation here, you mentioned, I think you mentioned that orders have ticked up since September, I wasnt sure if youre talking about the certain models or maybe if you could just give some context there and talk about the market environment and demand environment for Cessna jets in particular?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. I think we have seen an overall better demand environment, I mean July and August are always tough, people are out on holiday. But there is no doubt that as we got in the sort of the September and the beginning of October timeframe, weve seen a pretty significant uptick in terms of the demand a lot of activity up here and its pretty much across the Board. Were still doing very well. And M2 this year its a new product and across the CJ line were a little bit wide on CJ3 this quarter, but thats driven by the fact that was really the transition for the old CJ3 to the CJ3+, which is now certified. So we feel good about demand for that, all the way up. Sovereigns is still doing very well XLs are doing well. So I think we feel probably have seen one of the strongest September, October levels of activity that weve seen in quite some time.
Joe Nadol - JPMorgan: Okay. Ill turn it over to someone else. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Carter Copeland with Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays: Hey, good morning. Thanks. I wondered if you guys will expand a little bit on the mix impact that you called out in industrial as unfavorable. And then perhaps just tell us there was anything in the Bell margin that was one-time in nature perhaps related to the getting to the end of the V-22 multiyear contract ahead of the transition to the next one? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Carter. So on the Bell front first of all; there was nothing unusual in there. I think if you look at the total company in terms of cumulative catch adjustments it was only $10 million across all of Textron. There certainly was some positive contribution there in Bell, but nothing thats unusual for us in a typical quarter. So it was really driven by strong performance in the business. As you know, were still playing our way through a little bit of trapped inventory costs from last years issues and efficiencies around some of the labor activities. So we still face a bit of that headwind, but I think the guys did a nice job of performing and delivering a pretty good margin rate in spite of that. So no, there is nothing unusual in there. Its just -- continue to try to drive the cost base down in the business. With respect to the Industrial segment, the margin, this is the first time in a while weve not had a margin expansion on a quarter-by-quarter basis in that business. Its a little disappointing, but I think well call that back here as we did into the fourth quarter and still turn a year that has margin improvement in the business. In terms of the mix, largely driven within our automotive business, were seeing some significant growth in our SCR business. And as we talked before, the SCRs do come with a lower return on sales because there is a large component of cost thats largely a pass through on that. And so that does provide some dilution in terms of our overall ROS number. And so that was probably the biggest moving part in there. Its been a tough year frankly in the golf and in the turf business. We are I think you probably heard of that from everybody in the turf side, so Jake is having a little tougher year than usual. But the CapEx piece and the mix around SCR versus our blow molding tank side is the primary driver.
Carter Copeland - Barclays:   Okay, great. And just perhaps one or two for Frank, just clarification; on the Beech inventory step up impact, I think you said last quarter youve been through 45 or 65 you called out, you said another 10 this quarter. So are we still expecting a kind of 10 million in the fourth quarter? And then with respect to the corporate expense, it looks like given the pattern of the first three quarters it might be under running that full year expectations slightly. Is that the case and did that contributed all to the increase in the guidance as well? Thanks.
Frank Connor: Yes. On the step-up, yes, were at 55 now as you point out and we expect about 10 for the fourth quarter and then well carry over probably about 15 into next year as well in terms of additional step-up. So there is no change there. On corporate expense, no, you know that we always have quarterly volatility; it revolves around kind of share price activity and just levels of spent. So were still looking at about a 150 million for the year.
Carter Copeland - Barclays: Okay, great. Thanks gentlemen.
Operator: And our next question will come from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Frank Connor: Good morning, Noah.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: Scott, I wanted to ask about Bell commercial and I guess what Im wondering is, you had this big step-up the past two years in a pretty strong market to this kind of 180 to 215 aircraft call it per year. Each of the next two years as you see it now, does this business stay up in that kind of annual delivery range or was there so much demand from a particular end market or a particular product cycle recently that this business needs to revert back to the 150 to 170 kind of range that it had in a lot of good years, but not quite as good as 2013 were in the past?
Scott Donnelly: I think well stay in the range that you talked about at the beginning here. I mean predicting the end market obviously is a bit of a wild card and we are seeing some slowness right now. But I think whats important is that our share has increased over the last couple of years as a result of a lot of what weve done on the product side. So even in a market that would be like the market had been back when we were in those call 115 days to 150 days, I think our share has improved and would keep us in that kind of 180 plus range; last year, it was 213; I do think will be down somewhat from that as we look at the balance of this year just because of whats happening here, softens. But I dont see us going back to the old days, primarily because our share is in a much better position. And clearly as we get into 2016 and beyond as you add in the 505 and 525, I think that really gives us that next step-up in terms of where well be from a total number of deliveries of helicopters. So, again try nicely, its a little bit from the market, because I cant really predict that but I certainly have seen as weve talked about before, our share increase and I think the products investments are certainly paying off and 505, 525 will only help that going forward.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: On the market, can you elaborate on where youve seen some incremental softness; is that in oil and gas, because of oil prices or elsewhere, any color you can give us there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think some of the oil and gas has been softer, were seeing some of the slowdowns in EMS certainly things around tourism. Its really kind of across the board. And I think its just a lot of people concerned about whats going on around the world economically. So, I dont know that weve seen; its probably too soon yet to see what the reaction of the oil and gas market is to the drops in the price of oil. But thats a variable; I think it still needs to play out. I think most of what weve seen this year versus where we expected was around things like EMS and certainly some oil and gas has been a little softer even before weve seen these changes in oil price.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And you called out favorable pricing in Aviation. Any additional detail you can provide there on where and to what degree you saw that?
Scott Donnelly: In terms of the Aviation business?
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: Yes.
Scott Donnelly: Its more or less firmed up across the Board on our products, I think part of that again is driven by new products having the M2 out there; having the Sovereign out there; the CJ3+ upgrade I think certainly helps us. And importantly, on the used side, weve seen prices are not going up but theyre firming and not continuing to drop in that residual, in fact certainly has a knock on effect into new aircraft pricing as well.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: And the inflation comment thats separate from pricing, can you just explain what that is and why its different? You called out pricing and inflation separately in the press release I think.
Frank Connor: Yes. Weve seen some deflation in Aviation just kind of due in part to outdoor scale and kind of purchasing activity and things. So weve kind of benefited from some good cross productivity on the supply side in Aviation as well.
Scott Donnelly: Yes. I think thats just, Noah, general category of productivity, right? I mean were seeing some good productivity in terms of labor and the plants; were seeing good productivity in terms of supplier purchasing; its really across the board.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: Okay. All right, thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question will come from Robert Stallard with Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada: Thanks a lot. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Hey Bob. 
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada: Scott, I thought I should start on the Industrial division and whether youve seen any signs of weakening in some of these European markets over the last quarter and what your expectations might be for the final quarter here including foreign exchange?
Scott Donnelly: So foreign exchange hasnt been a big issue for us, its kind of immaterial number for the company and even for -- within the automotive business. But I would say Robert that there is no doubt that we have seen weakness in the European auto market. And so our European sales have been down, thats largely been offset by the fact that North American market continues to be up and the Asian market has been up slightly. So the combination of those other markets, and again a lot of expansion in new products particularly driven by SCR is offsetting just volume demand of the European models of cars.
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada: And then maybe switching over to Bell, youve talked in the past about some of the prospects for V-22 export. I was wondering if anything has progressed over the last quarter whether we summed up some of these prospects.
Scott Donnelly: I would say no.
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada :  Okay.
Scott Donnelly: Hey I mean its just -- look Robert I mean there is a great deal of frustration on our part. The deal with Israel which has been talked about a lot is still moving forward, but its moving forward at a slow pace. There has been progress. I mean the F&F cases are working our way to the process. So I think Japan has been talked about a lot. It continues to progress, it just progresses very slowly. I wish I could tell you that in one quarters time I see a lot happened, but it takes time.
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada: And then maybe just a final one for Frank. Any comment on pension and what the changes in discount rate could mean for next year?
Frank Connor: Yes. I mean obviously there is tremendous volatility in rates and returns and everything else right now. Id say kind of overall; we dont believe it will be a headwind. We thought it would be a tailwind. It will depend a lot obviously on what happens between now and year-end, but kind of as we look at the sensitivity around it right now we think that kind of it will be no worse than flattish type area.
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada: And does the MAP-21 legislation have any change on your contribution?
Scott Donnelly: It pushes out some 16, 17 required contributions. It doesnt have any impact on 15.
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada: Thank you very much.
Scott Donnelly: Youre welcome.
Operator: And our next call, question will come from John Godyn with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
John Godyn - Morgan Stanley: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. Scott, I was just hoping you go back to your comments on biz jet demand. I think on the last call, the view was legacy product continues on exciting and new product is sort of driving all the motor activity. Now you broadened up that commentary which sounds exciting, I mean it sounds like legacy product is doing better. Im just curious sort of taking a step back; weve seen a lot of [head bakes] in biz jet uptick. And you guys have done a good job kind of moderating expectations, but it cant help, but interpret your commentaries very positive. Whats different this time? Is this not just seasonality? Why is this -- why are these data points that youre seeing now maybe stronger and maybe have more signal value than what weve seen in the past?
Scott Donnelly: We probably feel better about where we are right now again partly due to new product. So we got the M2 which has been very well received, we got the Sovereigns doing well, the TEN is doing fine, I mean its just not large volume product. Now with the CJ3+ in there that gives us one more product offering in sort of the middle of the product range. But as weve said earlier, I think the demand has been -- we expect it to be fairly constant. And in the total marketplace most demand creation will be associated with new products. And thats what weve been seeing happen through the year. And the good news with that obviously as weve had a full year or some of those new products like the M2s and Sovereigns and TEN; is weve been a bit more level [loaded]. So we dont have this huge fourth quarter run-off to get to where we were targeting in terms of the total year. And the demand is there and so we feel pretty good about our ability as we look out over the quarter or so to feel good about what the demand looks like and what our production rate looks like and what our available for sale looks like. So, the total market has certainly improved. The better linearity of being able to run the business for more linear function is helping and its helping to drive some of our cost and performance. And so I think thats why we feel pretty good about where we are. Obviously as we look into 2015 on the basic theory that the new products are what helps drive your growth with the Latitude performing, as well as its performing the way the aircraft looks, the way it flies, were feeling pretty good about the demand for that aircraft. We have the first one out there now, its already doing a bunch of demo flights, its going to be out there at NBAA and I think its a beautiful aircraft and it will help us in the 2015 if that thing comes in the revenue generation.
John Godyn - Morgan Stanley: Thats helpful. And when we think about aviation margins, you had some commentary about synergies and pricing. But if I just sort of put it altogether, I mean as a simple point, can we use this quarters margin as a base for forecasting going forward? Its very strong; there are things in the number that you would highlight as sort of being irregular for whatever reason for the purposes of forecasting going forward?
Scott Donnelly: No, I dont think there is anything irregular in there. Its just straight performance. And so that kind of margin rate with that kind of volume is certainly expected.
John Godyn - Morgan Stanley: Great. And then just last one on capital allocation. About a year ago when the Beech situation I think was a bit harder, we were talking about buybacks, but obviously the Beech deal I think took that off the table for a bit, youve been very successful and in fact accelerating some of the synergies on Beech. At what point and is it time now to have the conversation about buybacks again? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Weve -- our position especially on buybacks as you know has been that well do enough to offset dilution of employee programs and that we look at sort of additional buybacks on an opportunistic basis. And so we did do in the quarter about $4 million of -- I am sorry 4 million shares of buyback in Q3.
John Godyn - Morgan Stanley: I guess I mean more of a larger scale buyback with cash flow.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think at this point, were also still doing things like paying down our bank lines associated with the acquisition of Beechcraft. So, we have to sort of have a balance here in terms of what were allocating in the paying down the debt associated with Beech as well as trying to continue our buybacks. So, I wouldnt expect us to come out and announce some committed number. I think well stay on the commitment of avoiding dilution and opportunistically executing buyback programs as we see fit. And the good news is our cash flow generation and strength of balance sheet I think allows us to be able to do both those things as weve been doing.
John Godyn - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question comes from [Johnny Wright] with Nomura.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys. Just couple of questions from me, firstly, probably for Frank, backing into your revised cash flow guidance, I think youre looking for something like $650 million in operating cash flow in 4Q on net income of around $200 million. So youve got say $100 million in depreciation but there still out $350 million gap. Can you just maybe talk through that is it a big working capital swing or is there anything else unusual in that 4Q cash flow?
Frank Connor: No, there is nothing unusual. And if you look at kind of our seasonality and quarterly progression, Q4 is always a very strong quarter, both from a profitability standpoint but also from a working capital performance just given the seasonality of the business. So, there is nothing unusual in there.
Unidentified Analyst: So for the full year, you expect to have a positive working capital movement, something like $100 million to $200 million, is that fair?
Scott Donnelly:   I havent worked through what that means in terms of the overall working capital but if you look at the fourth quarter this year, I mean this years fourth quarter progression is based on that guidance, is actually down significantly from last year. So again, there is nothing unusual on the working capital.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And then you talked about China and helicopter market in your prepared remarks, those had a big order this quarters in China, obviously a lot of potential there. Is there anything changing in that market? Do you see any prospects for actually some demand from China coming through?
Scott Donnelly: Weve had good demand from China over the last couple of years. I think part of that is just the economy is generally doing well. There has been a lot of liberalization of aerospace in the lower altitude which is where helicopters fly and so everything from corporate EMS to public inspection, utility, infrastructure, surveillance things like that which drives a lot of helicopter markets around the world. Were just seeing continuously that market grow in China and weve been doing very well over there. Actually were pretty pleased with our position in China and being able to -- its getting a big enough market and a big enough demand which is whats driving us to start to do more training as well as airport training over there to help support the deployment of aircraft.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And just one final on Latitude, you talked about increasing the range of that aircraft. Is there any potential to get the existing Latitude amount to the 3,000 nautical mile range or would that need a bigger redesign or a new aircraft?
Scott Donnelly: That would be a bigger aircraft for sure.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And I guess its pretty too early to talk about it but any plans to compete in that sort of coast to coast market with a flat body jet?
Scott Donnelly: Probably not going to make any new product announcements
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks guys.
Scott Donnelly: Id say if we did want to sign you up would that be a commitment of any kind?
Unidentified Analyst: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from Pete Skibitski from Drexel Hamilton.
Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton: Hey, good morning guys.
Scott Donnelly: Hey Pete.
Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton: I might have missed that, are you still expecting 4.8 billion at aviation this year including 1.5 at Beech?
Frank Connor: Its a course there, Pete, it might be just a little bit lower not on jet deliveries, but a little bit less on used and couple of fewer [caravans], but in that range.
Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton: Got it, okay. Okay. And then I guess Scott, I just -- obviously just trying to figure out the cycle here on biz jet to some degree. How do you think about Beech being -- revenue being down sequentially? And then I thought Sovereign pluses you made some positive comments, but I think that used always Sovereigns were down sequentially also. Im just wondering how you think about that and maybe you can give us also kind of what book-to-bill was in the quarter for Citations?
Scott Donnelly: Lets see Pete. Actually we dont really keep very close track at year-over-year comps on the revenue number with Beechs because Beech wasnt part of us and were certainly reluctant to try to look too much at the financials. But sequentially -- sequential, Im sorry, were down, but its only a couple of aircraft. And so I think were pretty linear about the King Air product line and I think we continue to feel good about where we are and the demands about what we expected, so plus or minus a couple of aircrafts. Its about what we expected and for the linear from quarter-to-quarter, which is good. On the Sovereign+ side, an aircraft or two, demand is still very good. I think were going to be where we expect it to be on the total year. So the book-to-bill in these areas is pretty close to 1 to 1. Were not really seeing a whole lot of change from what we expected. So again on a sequential basis, we might be plus or minus a couple of aircraft, but its about where we would have expected it to be.
Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton: Okay. So kind of still sort of a flattish market, but you just intuitively feel little bit better than you did the last quarter, is that a fair statement?
Scott Donnelly: Yes we do, Pete. I mean look the Q3 is usually pretty soft, I mean if you look at the amount of order activity in terms of what flows in July and August is generally pretty light. And as you know Q4 usually tends to be a little stronger. People are back from holiday, they are looking at stuff and of course as always, hopes that they dont capital at the end of the year and from a tax standpoint wed just take delivery a Q4. So, I think part of this -- again there are smaller numbers sequentially from Q2 to Q3, but I think usually within the normal cycle of how we see that market working.
Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton: Okay. And then just last question on Latitude, can you remind us what quarter next year youre expecting the first Latitude delivery and do you built any backlog yet? And how should we think about the slope of the production ramp on that program?
Scott Donnelly: So we have built some backlog, were still expecting to have certification in Q2. Were as you know we dont fully control that process, so if its early in Q2 well get some sales in Q2. But certainly the vast majority of the Latitude sales I would expect to see in Q3 and Q4.
Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton: And is that going to be a fast ramp or?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. Its already being ramped. Look the beautiful thing about this aircraft is a lot of the aircraft in terms of wings and all the cockpit systems are common to what we just did on the Sovereign+. So obviously its a very new -- large, a much larger cross-section cabin. But and also lot of the key components and technology we developed as part of the Sovereign+ program. So we actually run these things as sort of a mixed model line if you will. If you go into the factory, we can run things down the line and whether its a Latitude or Sovereign, it flows together quite nicely. So from a production ramp perspective, its one that drops into our line very nicely.
Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Cai von Rumohr with Cowen & Company.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: Yes. Thanks so much. So, your guidance for the year as I recall you were at 2 billion on System, so if youre down 300, its a 1.7 billion and so youre basically saying volume will double in the fourth quarter from the third, how common? That seems like a huge jump.
Scott Donnelly: Okay. Its driven by the TCDL program. So as you know weve been working on this program for what seems like a very long time going through all development work. As I said in the prepared remarks, we now have received approval from the customer to accept the units in the fourth quarter. Now those units have to go through their final acceptance test, there is quite test involved with the air vehicles and such. So that will happen here over the course of the fourth quarter, but we do now have their approval to go ahead and commence the production shipments. And so thats why the fourth quarter will be disproportionately higher in revenue than what weve seen, because weve built these units, Cai. Theyre manufactured and theyre ready to go, now that we have approval we can go ahead and go through the formalities of the final production test, life test and acceptance. And we expect obviously that product to be happen here in the fourth quarter.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: Is there sort of a disproportionate delivery in the fourth quarter because if we annualize that rate you just get a humongous number next year respecting even you dont have any vehicles in the fourth quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Right, correct. I mean weve had no sales associated with that program in any of the preceding quarters. So its going to be a big spike in deliveries here in Q4. And again, the only reason thats possible is these things have been built. Weve been building them for the better part of the last year or so. And its just a matter now of having to go through the production test and acceptance as opposed to normal production flow. So without a doubt, Q4 is much heavier. And as you go through 2015, youll see a normal flow of deliveries of those units, not all of the contract units all in one quarter.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: Got it. And so if we go to Bell, you did 12 V-22s. As I recall, youre looking for 36 for the year. So it looks like you go down to 6 in the fourth quarter. So, the mix which looks very favorable in the third would look pretty lean in the fourth; is that correct or has the full year number changed?
Scott Donnelly: No, I mean the full year number hasnt really changed, Cai. I think all youre seeing is that of course the fourth quarter is the beginning of the next contract year and so were now stepping down from the multi-year deliveries to the next multi-year. So, the run rate of V-22s is now going to step down and stay down at that level as we go through the next few years.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: Well given that youre getting the step off and you have such a great mix in the third quarter, do you still feel comfortable as you look at next year that youre going to hold Bells margins above 10%?
Scott Donnelly: Absolutely. Look Cai, were still targeting the 12% number. I think the reason youre seeing the kind of margin numbers youre seeing and certainly our expectations for margins for fourth quarter is because weve been taking a lot of cost actions to prepare the business for that lower run rate of V-22s. And I feel pretty good about where we are on that; the team has done a nice job of getting us where we need to be. Obviously were not going to talk about a guide to 2015 yet at this point. The number we havent determined is what our expectation should be on the commercial side of the market. We certainly know where we are in the military side of the market; we know what weve done in terms of cost. So, were still targeting the 12 and where we end up will have largely to do with whats our perspective on volume in the commercial market in 2015.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company:  Got it. And so if we go over to Cessna, so youve seen a pickup in demand in September and October; normally, you kind of set your production targets in the fourth quarter for next year. Whats your strategy going to be in kind of establishing the production targets for Cessna?
Scott Donnelly: Cai, theyve largely been set, because the lead time, the cycle time I should say on manufacturing in the jet world is depending on the model and I mean obviously we have some degrees of flexibility from model-to-model, but youre anywhere from 6, 9, 12 months. So, were already running the production lines with the volumes that we would expect to see in 2015 including new things like the Latitude. Now we can make and always have the ability to make adjustments to that and as we go quarter-to-quarter, we do that. But its for the next few couple of quarters, its pretty well set.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: Well, if it is pretty well set, what kind of flexibility do you have to take it up and to what extent are you more inclined to leave it set and just basically get stronger pricing?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think at this point we are -- our strategy is what we see in the marketplace, what we still believe is going to have in the marketplace is relative stability in terms of overall market demand and most growth or upside driven by new products. So as we think about our production rates for next year, as weve been thinking about our production rates next year thats kind of what we forecasted this year and what were thinking about for next year. So well keep most of the volumes of products about where they have been. And we would expect to see some upside from growth driven by the introduction of Latitude.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: And then in terms of the cash deployment, I mean with this huge step up and deliveries on TCDL, your cash flow is going to be very strong in the fourth quarter kind of as you have indicated. How come you dont buy more stock, whats the cash being saved for?
Scott Donnelly: Sure Cai. As you know and as Frank said, were a bit seasonal in terms of cash. And so we do generate a lot of cash typically in the fourth quarter that is mostly coming out of working capital in terms of usually inventories principally around the aviation and helicopter business. Well continue to deploy cash as weve talked about in the past. And that is largely around to pay down on debt, I mean we did take on a fair a bit of debt associated with the Beechcraft deal, weve already paid down a couple of $100 million of that, well continue to pay that down and well continue to be opportunistic about stock buybacks. So as I said, we took out 4 million shares here in Q3 and well continue to look for opportunities to buyback additional as we think it make sense.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: Thanks a lot and good job.
Operator: And our next question will come from Miles Walton with Deutsche Bank.
Miles Walton - Deutsche Bank: Thanks, good morning. First I want a clarification on the margins guidance for Cessna, I imagine if thats where most of the guidance uptick is coming from, you must be looking somewhere in the mid force of a little bit later on sales to Petes previous question, is that right?
Scott Donnelly: I think were -- we really dont want to get into guiding on each individual segment, but youre certainly correct. I mean the upside of whats driving the raise is certainly better margins in the aviation segment largely offsetting lowering up in the Systems business as a result of some of the vehicle delays. And again, we factor in some softness on the Bell commercial side which weve already factored into our numbers. So it is driven by the aviation, but I dont think were going to revise any kind of guidance on a segment-by-segment.
Miles Walton - Deutsche Bank: All right, thats right. And then aftermarket commentary within Cessna and Bell if you can comment on the trends youre seeing there I guess Doug alluded to maybe that was maybe a little bit on the top-line pressure for the full year, but just the overall trend in the quarter that you saw in the [C7s] would be great?
Scott Donnelly: Were still seeing mid single-digit growth in our service franchises in both the Aviation and the Bell helicopter markets and thats there is a little volatility from quarter-to-quarter, but its been pretty steady and about where we would expect kind of top-line mid single-digit sort of numbers. We probably see it from a record basis, a lot higher than that because of the Beech integration for this year, but in terms of actual growth its probably mid single-digit.
Miles Walton - Deutsche Bank: And then one last one maybe for you Scott is, as you roll out the new products, obviously there is an international buzz, an initial pent-up demand and then often times there is a bit of honeymoon where it states, so on the CJ4 you see another programs. How do you think about the kind of the timing of launching, obviously M2 has got a great reception and there has been the Sovereign likewise, is there one year kind of phenomenon than you kind of normalize to where the true demand is or how do you think about that?
Scott Donnelly: I think in this market its really -- certainly our expectations would be the deliveries on things like M2s and Sovereign will more or less stabilize where they are. I dont think that there is certainly back in earlier phases just like where we had a huge uptick and then kind of went back to a normalized level. Were not expecting big changes going forward as we look at things like in M2 or Sovereign. So thats why I say, I think our expectation is for those things which (inaudible) and transitioned into being a legacy product if you will is that theyll just follow general market demand.
Miles Walton - Deutsche Bank: Okay, got it. Thanks.
Operator:  And our next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey hi. This is Charlie for Julian. I know that you guys said you wouldnt comment on the kind of segment margins, but just was curious if you could maybe just comment on systems just given the big kind of swing in revenue guidance for the year? Is that positive for the margins or negative or negligible?
Scott Donnelly: I dont think we want to get into segment margin guidance. Sorry.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jason Gursky with Citi.
Jason Gursky - Citi: Hey, good morning. I was wondering, I know you touched on this briefly before, but maybe just a little bit more color if you dont mind on your activity that youve seen in September and October to the extent that that results in deliveries in the fourth quarter and whether were now beginning to take orders for further out and now actually starting to (inaudible) where we can build some backlog?
Scott Donnelly: Absolutely Jason, I think thats where we are. This is probably the part of the positive feeling that we have right now is that we clearly see a fourth quarter where the amount of aircraft we have left to sell is not as many as that we probably could sell. There is a market demand and so that would lead us to start moving deliveries into the first quarter of next year, which I think is a very healthy thing for the business. Getting out or having sort of a negative or one-to-one book-to-bill, I dont think, and we talked earlier, I think that the days of two years, I mean crazy numbers of backlog are not technical, but wed sure be able to run a much more efficient operation and have a much healthier industry, if we had six months to nine months of visibility, so that were not having to sort of do forecasting around our production lines and customizations and things like that. So there is no question, that if we can get to a point here where were at least three to six months out thats a much healthier business. And I think were looking at the fourth quarter as the first time weve seen in a while where we clearly see more demand out there in the market than what we think we have aircraft available to sell in the fourth quarter. And that will necessarily for some things in the fourth quarter which is -- into the first quarter, Im sorry, which is good.
Jason Gursky - Citi: Right. Okay, thats great. And then as you look at the two businesses together, Beech and Cessna; and then the acquisitions which you brought in here of late, can you just help us and explain to us how youre thinking about seasonality in that, in the aviation business going forward? Historically weve obviously seen some; is that becoming more muted, is it the way altogether or are we going to still continue to see seasonality into the second half of the year?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think there is -- I believe there is always going to be a seasonality around the fourth quarter and that even by tax. So you have a lot of customers out there that given their brothers, theyd rather take delivery of an asset or they can take a year depreciation in the current year rather than acquiring that aircraft in the first half of the following year. Is that a huge number? I dont think its a huge number, but I dont think that some seasonality around fourth quarter will ever go away in the industry because of that. The good news is again as we looked at both of our King Air business and the Citation jet business, it has been more level loaded of a lot of this year and that probably reflects some better demand coming back to the marketplace and obviously we prefer to see that. We would be much better running these operations on a more linear basis. We see more linear behavior towards the customers this year, but I still think you are always going to see some fourth quarter demand driven around tax.
Jason Gursky - Citi: Okay. And then the last one from me is on the Industrial side. Are there any new products or programs that youve been designed into and any of those businesses on the Industrial side that will lead to an acceleration of revenues over the next several quarters into 2015?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. Look, I think if you look at our Caltex on the automotive side of things, weve had a lot of new vehicle, new platform wins in both the fuel tank side as well as a lot around our selective catalytic reduction business, there was demand for that vehicles; that family of vehicles grows in the marketplace thats going to drive nice revenue growth for our business. As I said earlier, the only challenge for us there is it does usually have a lower ROS, because part of the system is in acquired part which we pass-through at a lower ROS and would be typical of what we manufactured just because its a high dollar source component. But clearly revenue growth and overall not growth will be driven by that business. And so its a lot of new platforms which we won and new product around the SCR system. We still see nice growth both organically and through acquisitions in the vehicle business, as well as our tool and test business. So I think generally speaking the industrial segment I think will provide nice growth next year.
Jason Gursky - Citi: Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from George Shapiro with Shapiro Research.
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: Good morning. Scott, given how strong you said September and October has been, is it fair to assume that the pricing might even be somewhat better in the September, October orders and what we saw in the strong margins in the current quarter?
Scott Donnelly: George I wouldnt be too bullish on the pricing side. I think the good news is that its firmed up. So -- and again this is the market dynamic, as weve got more customers out there, it gives us the ability to hold the line on pricing. So I dont know that we see a step function by any means, here I dont want to mislead anybody, but its not like the market is strong enough, the demand the kind of pricing that was in the last cycle, but certainly it has allowed us to firm up pricing and at least be stable maybe with some small gains because the market dynamics are stronger. So its just supplying demand working a little more in our favor.
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: And the strength you talked about was that similar international, domestic or weaker international given what we all read about?
Scott Donnelly: George our order intake in Q3 I think was still slightly biased to the Americas, but its probably 60-40, some more an [eminent] balances around a little bit from quarter-to-quarter. But its not way out of line.
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: Okay. And just some clarification, given the revenues youre suggesting for Cessna in the fourth quarter it looks like well probably get 70 plus deliveries in the fourth quarter? 
Scott Donnelly: No, 70 would be -- Id love to have 70, but thats an awfully big number. I dont know if we want to get into exact units, George, but again I think weve usually seen average aircraft revenues as I think kind of how we usually think about it being somewhere in the 8 to 9 range. So, 70 or something would be a pretty huge number.
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: Okay.
Frank Connor: The revenue number will be higher than that number we talked about.
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: Okay. And then one last one if you split it all, give any color on whether the book-to-bill of one for aggregation was similar with both Beech and Cessna?
Scott Donnelly: It was pretty close, George, pretty close on both Beech Cessna military versus commercial. Its pretty close to one to one across every dimension that we would look at.  
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: And how about used plane sales in the quarter say versus last years quarter, much different?
Scott Donnelly: Ill have to check the revenue number. I mean we usually have been looking at that one sequentially, George. So Im sorry, I dont have that number on my tongue here. Certainly on a sequential basis it was but well update you on...
Frank Connor: It was about flat from a revenue standpoint.
Scott Donnelly: On a year-to-year?
Frank Connor: On a year-to-year 
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: And up a little bit sequentially you just said Scott?
Scott Donnelly: What he was saying I think average selling price was up a little bit sequentially.
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: Okay. I can call you offline, Doug.
Doug Wilburne: Yes now we can try to -- we can get those for you George, we just dont have it.
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: Okay. Thanks a lot. Good numbers.
Operator: And our next question will come from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I guess how do you think about the underlying profitability for the Beechcraft business as it stands today and where you see the run rate, do you think you need additional investments in the King Air portfolio and what about the service business? Is there additional capital required to increase the level of service there?
Scott Donnelly: Sheila, we dont track report separately, the Beech number and part of that because weve completely merged these entities. So I mean all the overhead pulls, all the engineering R&D what now results triggers one thing. So I wouldnt have the ability to breakout overall profitability of say historical Beech versus historical Cessna. But were at a point where feel pretty good about the productivity thats been driven and thats benefitting obviously across all the product lines. In terms of R&D, we will now and we already are looking at the turboprop product line, the same way we look at the jet product line and laying out new product roadmap plans, upgrades, enhancements all the kind of things that people have expected us to do in the jet business. So absolutely there will be investment on the R&D side into the King Air and other historical Beech products as we go forward. And we think just as we do on the jet side that well have some good things coming out in the market as time goes on. In terms of capital, I dont see any big capital outlays. Weve got I think a very strong service network now around the world. And I think were capitalizing on that in terms on taking some of the new service program offerings. Were trying to take most of our sites now and make it sort of capable of doing not just Beechcraft but also doing Citation jets or if there were Citation jets, now they can also do Beechcraft. There is some tooling involved in that, just to make sure that each of the sites have the capability to do both, but its not a material number. Similarly on the overall aviation business side of things what CapEx is in there is really driven primarily by new product introductions. And so I dont see any appreciable sort of change if you will over what weve seen in the last couple of years, because the flow of the new products will be pretty consistent with what weve seen in the past.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies: Okay. Thank you. And so just is there any way you could provide a range of where the -- whether its King Air or the Cessna system portfolio; is that a mid single to double digit 10% margin business or is that at about a breakeven?
Scott Donnelly: I dont think -- were not going to into margin levels, yes by individual product lines.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies: And then just last question in terms of Beechcraft synergies, you mentioned you are ahead; Im guessing 2014 has largely been focused on headcount. In terms of whats left for 2015, is it supply chain; is it additional footprint consolidation; how could we think about?
Scott Donnelly: Mostly whats out in the 2015 really is around some footprint consolidation, we have some warehousing and sites largely to do with our distribution of spare parts and services where were going to consolidate some of that. And then there are some opportunities to do some consolidations in some of the back shops if you will. So, we dont envision any significant changes to final assembly operations. Those are running pretty well and are pretty focused around the different model types. But there is an awful lot of stuff that we today where we have two separate composite operations, we have two separate machining and metal bonding and a lot of fabrication sort of stuff. And we will continue as we go forward to see consolidation of those to again drive better cost efficiencies and better utilization of those facilities.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies: Got it. Thank you.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Doug Wilburne: I think well take our last call now operator.
Operator: All right. And that will come from Ron Epstein with Merrill Lynch.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Yes. Hey, good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: So, just want to follow up on kind of one my favorite subjects with you guys is whats going on with the Scorpion? Are we any closer to customer or if you could just give us an update there?
Scott Donnelly: Look Ron, Id say were getting closer all the time. We have a bunch of customers frankly that were talking to. There is a lot of activity in the market. There is a number of countries that are going to be putting out RFPs for how they think about replacing some of their aircraft. And part of that frankly is driven by the fact that there is something like thats out there now that they see as a viable affordable product to meet their mission. So we continue in pretty serious discussions on a number of fronts and feel pretty good about where we are. We did have the aircraft out at the Air Force Association meeting in Washington a few weeks back; we had a ton of customers coming through and looking at it; we continue to get very good feedback; weve had a lot of customers that have come out to see the aircraft and go through pretty detail briefings in Wichita as well. So, I dont want to -- I dont have anything to announce to you, particularly today but I think we feel pretty good about where its going on. And were in pretty serious discussions with a number of folks.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And on that one, do you guys see it as a potential or maybe some modification to it as a potential bid for the upcoming China program?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, absolutely Ron. Weve been participating in the T-X program. There have been industry days; there is a lot of work going on in the Air Force right now as they kind of work their way through requirements definition. So, we are certainly inched in the program; were following it quite closely as our number of other competitors. Look, I dont think the Air Force is interested in the big development program, so I think clearly one of the things theyre going to have to do is look at what aircraft platforms are out there that are available that with some minor adaptations will fit what they need for TX. So we would love to participate in the program. Were working the program and how competitive we are or whether our aircraft is the right aircraft or not will depend on where the requirements document ends up. And thats something that I dont think well probably see till late this year or beginning the next year to know whether the Scorpion or a minor adaptation to the Scorpion is the right answer for them. Were certainly very interested and were following it very closely.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then maybe just one last one. So you guys delivered 33 Cessna aircrafts in the quarter. The mix was clearly skewed more towards M2s; M2s clearly has been well received. But relative to historic levels, its still pretty [anemic]. When we think about -- and again I know some sort of thinking about 15, 16 I mean is it okay to walk away from this call thinking were in a market recovery or is it more walking away from this call that its stabilized?
Scott Donnelly: You know Ron I still think that the way we think about it is that it has stabilized. And again upside to where weve been is largely driven by new products. Thats been true this year as weve seen mostly growth driven by M2 and Sovereign. And I think that my plan right now would be that most of the growth next year would be driven by the Latitude introduction. So we feel good about where the market is, I mean it certainly appears to have stabilized. So as I said earlier, we like the level of demand that were seeing. But I dont want to say that we think there is some significant inflection in the market just stability on current aircraft programs and new programs driving growth is still how we see it.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then maybe just one last one, thats not a fairy topic in mind with Medtronic. Have you picked up share you think by offering a training package with the Cessna product? Do you think youve picked up share from likes of CAE in flight safety in that market?
Scott Donnelly: I think, Ron, its still too early to say. I do think that -- and weve had great feedback from a lot of our customers, particularly our CJ customers. As we acquire ProFlight, which gave us that CJ training capability on the West Coast. As I said, weve now announced that probably by the second quarter well have that same training capability up and running in Tampa. So we do have a lot of our CJ customers that are giving us great feedback unlike the idea of being able to not only acquire the aircraft, but take care of all their sourcing aircraft and the personal training in the aircraft. So I do think it will help us. I dont know in that case not so much a share shift of the equipment side of the business, but some share shift in terms of the training side of the equation.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Doug Wilburne: All right. Thank you ladies and gentlemen.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen this conference will be made available for replay after 10 Oclock today and running through Tuesday January 27th at midnight. You can access the AT&T Executive Playback service at any time by dialing 1800-475-6701 and entering the access code 307263. International parties may dial 1320-365-3844.Those numbers again 1800-475-6701 and 1320-365-3844 with an access code 307263. That concludes our call for today. Thanks for participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-16 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Wilburne - VP of Investor Relations Scott Donnelly - Chairman and CEO Frank Connor - Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  John Godyn - Morgan Stanley Chris Sands - JPMorgan Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Jon Raviv - Citi Cai von Rumohr - Cowen George Shapiro - Shapiro Research Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada  
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by and welcome to the Textron Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later on we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host Doug Wilburne, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Doug Wilburne: Thanks Rosanne and good morning everyone. Before we begin I would like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in todays press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Textron's revenues in the quarter were $3.5 billion, up $670 million from last years second quarter. The Beechcraft acquisition, completed at the end of the first quarter contributed $425 million to the increase. Income from continuing operations was $0.51 per share compared to $0.40 in the second quarter of 2013. Last years second quarter EPS was reduced by $0.07 per share and severance cost recorded at Cessna, while this year's results reflected a full quarters impact of the Beechcraft acquisition. The Beechcraft impact included an $0.08 EPS reduction from fair value step up adjustments of acquired inventories sold during the quarter and $0.05 in restructuring charges, which were recorded on a separate line for acquisition and restructuring cost. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $271 million compared to a $362 million use of cash in last years second quarter. Pension contributions during the second quarter were $27 million. And with that I'll turn it over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks Doug and good morning everybody. Revenues were up 23.5%, reflecting solid organic growth and contributions from acquisitions. At Bell we delivered 10 V-22s and 8 H-1s compared to 9 V-22s and 6 H-1s in last year's second quarter. On the commercial side, we delivered 46 aircraft up from 44 a year ago. On the development front during the quarter, we received certification for the wheeled landing gear version of the 429 model in Taiwan and Argentina following first quarter approvals in Canada and Brazil which expands the appeal of the platform to a broader customer base. We also delivered our first 412EPI model at the end of June to the New South Wales Police Department in Australia. Our 505 Jet Ranger X development program remains on track for first flight this year as total (inaudible) demonstrated maximum continuous power during the first engine test. We also continue to make good progress on the 525 Relentless as we completed the first all-composite main rotor blade, received our first GE engine and began gear box testing. Overall assembly of the first aircraft is also progressing and with the next month we will be ready to join the three main [capital] sections with initial flight targeted for late this year. On the military side, we signed the [another] contract for 24 additional H-1 aircraft worth about $450 million with expected deliveries beginning late next year. We also continue to make progress to our potential foreign military sales for the V-22; negotiations are ongoing for the six initial units for Israel and we're working with a number of foreign governments which should result in additional [FMS] orders. Moving next to Textron Systems, revenues were down as we expected but program performance and a favorable mix of contract revenues resulted in the segment margin of 12.1%. We continue to make progress on the Shadow TCDL upgrade development program successfully completing the final operational testing valuation during the quarter. We also saw continued performance stability in our Aerosonde fee-for-service platform and we recently received a new task order to continue operating under the Navy ISR program. During the quarter we also won a $190 million contract for approximately 360 sensor fuse weapons to be delivered to Korea beginning in the third quarter of next year. Most recently, we completed an acquisition for our new TRU Simulation Training business with the purchase of ProFlight an innovative provider of pilot training, specializing in Cessna CJ series and Cessna [Caravan plus] turboprops located in Carlsbad, California. This acquisition of FAA part one 42 approved training operation was an important next step as we build our business aviation pilot training capabilities. In addition we were just selected by Boeing to develop and supply the full flight simulator training suite for the new 737 MAX program. This is a significant strategic win for TRU as we expand the air transport portion of this business. Shifting to industrial, we saw a good growth across all our businesses reflecting our continued emphasis on innovation, new product introductions and bolt-on acquisitions. For example in May we announced the acquisition of TUG Technologies, a leading manufacturer of the ground support equipment in the aviation industry significantly augmenting our line of specialized vehicles. In addition to the obvious sourcing and manufacturing synergies with our existing E-Z-GO Cushman and Bad Boy operations we will be able to leverage sales of TUG products around the world based on our global distribution channels. Moving to Textron Aviation. In the quarter we delivered 36 business jets and 34 King Airs. In last years second quarter we delivered 20 jets and Beechcraft delivered 24 King Airs. Trends of jet demand factor such as aircraft cycles, corporate profitability and availability of used aircraft all continue to move in the right direction. Despite the fact that we remain an in-spot market new products are supporting demand in this segment of the industry. On the new product front FAA certification of the Citation Ten+ was obtained late in the quarter which allowed us to deliver the first three units. We also completed the EASA certification of the new Caravan EX, the M2 and the Sovereign+ in the quarter. Our Latitude Program continues to progress towards an expected 2015 entry into service, we now have two Latitude aircraft in test flight reaching over 100 test flights and expect a third to be available for certification activities later this month. Moving to the defense side Textron Aviation. We had two new orders for our T6 military turboprop [tankers] during the quarter; one for the Mexican Air Force for 12 units and one from the U.S. Navy for 29 units which represent the last lot under the existing JPADS program. Overall the T6 and the weaponized AT6 are generating significant international interest and we are pursuing a number of promising opportunities. Our Scorpion program also continues to progress as it recently completed a 4,700 mile trip from Woodstock, Kansas to United Kingdom to participate in the Royal International Air Tattoo and the Farnborough air shows. Interesting, the Scorpion at both shows has been very encouraging and we are in discussions with a number of customers with potential initial orders. Scorpion is also scheduled to participate in a U.S. Government emergency preparedness exercise later this year sponsored by the Pentagon's Northern command, where we'll demonstrate its surveillance capabilities. To wrap up, we believe we had a very solid second quarter with strong revenue growth and improved overall margins and cash flow performance demonstrating that our strategy is investing in new products and distribution is paying off and we are seeing significant contributions for our M&A investments. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you Scott and good morning everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $304 million up $91 million from the second quarter of 2013 on a $670 million increase in revenues. Lets look at how each of the segments contributed starting with Textron Aviation. At Textron Aviation, revenues were up $623 million from this period last year reflecting $425 million of acquired Beechcraft revenue and higher new jet volumes. The segment had a profit of $28 million compared to a loss of $50 million at the Cessna segment a year ago. This reflected a $28 million charge taking into segment last year for severance costs higher new jet volume and the impact of the Beechcraft acquisition including a $33 million acquisition inventory step up impact. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1.4 billion down $100 million from the end of the first quarter. Moving to Bell, revenues were up $94 million reflecting higher commercial and military aircraft deliveries as well as a $41 million revenue benefit related to settlement with the U.S. DoD related to the Systems Development and Demonstration phase of the companys former Armed Reconnaissance Helicopter Program, which was terminated in October of 2008. Segment profit increased $6 million from the second quarter of 2013 reflecting a $16 million profit impact from the ARH settlement. At Textron Systems revenues were down $140 million reflecting lower overall volumes. Segment profit was flat despite lower volumes reflecting favorable performance across all product lines and favorable mix of contract revenues during the quarter. Industrial revenues increased $93 million reflecting higher overall volumes and the impact of acquisitions. Segment profit increased $15 million due to the higher volumes and improved performance. Finance segment revenues decreased $4 million primarily due to gains on finance receivable dispositions during the second quarter of 2013. Segment profit decreased $8 million primarily due to prior year impacts of loan loss reversals and gains associated with the finance receivable dispositions partially offset by lower administrative expenses. Non-accrual accounts ended the quarter at $88 million, down $10 million from the end of the first quarter while 60 day delinquencies were $96 million, down 29 million in the quarter. Moving below the segment profit line, corporate expenses were $38 million, interest expenses $36 million up from $30 million a year ago, reflecting debt cost related to the Beechcraft acquisition financing partially offset by the requirement of our convertible debt in May of last year. We recorded $20 million of restructuring costs in the quarter on the acquisition and restructuring line and we still expect full year costs of about $45 million. Our tax rate was 31% and we're still estimating a full year tax rate of 31.5%. That concludes our prepared remarks. So Rosanne, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Alright. Your first question comes from the line of John Godyn from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
John Godyn - Morgan Stanley: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. The Bell margins at least versus our estimate came in quite strong this quarter. The last that I remember, management had suggested that Bell margins might come in a bit next year. Is that still the right framework or are we seeing some -- any kind of core operating improvements that might actually improve the margin outlook as we look out?
Scott Donnelly: Well John, obviously we're not at a appoint where we're going to give any kind of explicit guidance on 2015 margins. Obviously there was some benefit in the quarter of settlement on ARH, it was about $16 million which we would not expect to recur. On the other hand, we are working our way through as you know some of the higher cost as a result of last years issue. So I think the margin rate in the quarter is about where we would have expected it to be in terms of operational performance. We all know, we'll see lower volumes on V-22s and lower margin rates on V-22s will be going to 2015. So we still have some work ahead of us but we continue to put a lot of focus on cost control and tighten cost base to try to help us get there in 2015.
John Godyn - Morgan Stanley: Got it. And as we think about the long-term outlook for biz jet, of course you have seen great contribution from some of the new product lines. When we think about some of the legacy product lines though, do we feel like we're seeing enough here that it's fair to say that these jet trends have sort of stabilized and on their way to a rebound as we look out longer term? If you could just kind of update us on your thought process there that would be helpful.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think John stable is probably the word we would use right now. I mean I think the market is okay for legacy products, we're doing alright. Obviously most of our growth this year which we forecasted and are realizing is a result of new products. So when you look at full year, Sovereign buses and M2s and now starting to get Citation TEN plus sales, most of what we're seeing -- all of what we're seeing frankly in terms of upside in the market and revenue versus what we saw last year is really driven by new product programs. Of course, we expect to have a contribution in 2015 as a result of the fact that we'll have latitude as well. So, the underlying market, stable is probably the right word and we certainly hope to see it recover as time goes on. As I said earlier, we're seeing fewer aircraft available for sale in the used market; all indicators are fairly positive, but it's been stubborn in terms of the rate of recovery. So, we're still largely banking on new products coming into the market to drive most of the growth.
John Godyn - Morgan Stanley: That's helpful. And then just last question on the outlook for capital returns. Operations have been quite good, it seems like biz jet is stable, integration on Beechcraft is going well. Of course you have some debt here to pay down over time but I'm just curious what management's thought process on capital returns to investors going forward?
Scott Donnelly: So, I think on the capital returns, as I said, we took some debt on obviously associated with the Beech acquisition and thats kind of the top of our priority list in terms of getting that paid down to get back to where we think the balance sheet should be. We will continue to do stock buyback to avoid the dilution of our employee plans and as weve said before we would, on a sort of as appropriate basis continue to do some stock buyback beyond that if it makes sense. So in addition to that of course weve had a number of small acquisitions. And I will expect we will continue to see some number of small bolt-on deals. So its not a lot of capital but I would say thats in total how we view our use of cash flow balance sheet.
John Godyn - Morgan Stanley: Very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Chris Sands - JPMorgan: Hi good morning guys. Its actually Chris Sands on for Joe. Scott, wanted to ask you about the outlook for the 412. The first half run rate suggested that rate could be down quite a bit year-over-year which is in contrast to your expectation for growth overall in commercial. Could you just give us any insight into the demand trends there?
Scott Donnelly: So, Chris, we were certainly very light on 412s in the first quarter. The second quarter 412s were comparable versus 2013 and about where we expected them to be. So we still do have sort of a heavier back half in terms of 412 deliveries. And we dont usually go down to guide on unit-by-unit basis, but therell be relatively comparative numbers versus 2013 is how I would think about the 412 deliveries.
Chris Sands - JPMorgan: For the overall year or just in the second half?
Scott Donnelly: For the overall year. I mean we are a little bit wider because of the first quarter was lighter, the second quarter was comparable. And I would expect as a result the backhalf will be a little heavier on 412s in last year, so the total year would be pretty similar.
Chris Sands - JPMorgan: Great. And then in Systems youve commented on the strong program performance kind of across the portfolio, but can you quantify the overall level of [EACs] that added the margin in the quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Well we'll give you the guidance, the total EAC number for the company so I wouldn't break it down into the division-by-division, but we did have EACs in the quarter and I think we've seen pretty strong performance our procession ammunitions business is doing a nice job on productivity, we're seeing it pretty much everywhere across the different businesses. The only thing that I think we would refer to is we did have very good mix i.e. in this quarter, we were very strong on our procession ammunition business which tend to be a positive mix for us. We didn't see a lot, we did get through the final test evaluation on TCDL but have not started shipping-in in those units yet. And obviously we're sort of in the transition on the vehicle side where we are very wide in the quarter, because we are transitioning from the old April ramps and we'll now start to ramp deliveries for the Canadian program. So those will all be a lot more third, fourth quarter loaded.
Chris Sands - JPMorgan: Right. And then overall your expectation for revenue and margin in the segments for the year hasnt changed?
Scott Donnelly: That's right, it has not, which means you're going to see more revenue and a lower margin rate as we go into the back half of the year.
Chris Sands - JPMorgan: Right. Alright, thanks guys.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sheila from Jefferies. Go ahead. Please state your last name.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies: Thanks Scott. It is Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies. Thank you for taking my question. I guess could you elaborate a little bit more in the conversion opportunities that you're seeing with hawker customers. Has the sales force approached their owners? Any quantitative commentary would be great in terms of I think offering [March after] trade-in option, is it the service offering, how are you lowering them in?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I would say it is kind of couple of step deal. So the first step is as we talk about building that relationship so certainly reaching out to the hawker customers on the service front, folks are already operating these aircraft. There has been a lot of work going on to just make sure we have spare parts flowing and getting that channel filled again and making sure that we are taking care of the customers that already own the aircraft. Clearly we have started discussions with a number of those customers around what they are going to do in the future and making sure that when they want to flip over to new aircraft or upgrade its going to be under our line. So we have frankly a dedicated group of people that are working that pretty hard and interacting with those customers, keep in mind its only been a few months that we have been doing this. And so anyone thats going to entertain a new aircraft or upgrading an aircraft there is usually a process that takes a little while. So I dont think I would say at this point here is x examples of hawker customers that have decided to move their next aircraft into the Citation jet but we fully expect that will happen overtime. So but again the job one and the first thing we put a lot of emphasis on is making sure that the level of service and support is back to where they expect it. And I think we are making some progress there.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies: Okay. And then in terms of Cessna pricing of course or Textron Aviation pricing in Q2 could you comment on that? Did you sustain the momentum in Q1? And then also for overall Textron Aviation EBIT, how should we think about cost for the remainder of the year and how that progresses?
Scott Donnelly:  So I think on the pricing front things have been pretty stable probably up just a little bit on most of the models in terms of our cost position I mean the run rate I think we are about where we need to be and we have the teams work pretty aggressively even before the integration period making sure we are ready to take the appropriate cost actions and for the most part those have been taken and we are I think more or less where we need to be at this stage of the game in terms of our cost run rate.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies: Got it, thanks a lot.
Scott Donnelly:  Sure.
Operator:  Your next question comes from line of Julian Mitchell from Credit Suisse. Go ahead.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse: Hi, thanks. I just wanted to ask about the mix effect I guess within Textron Aviation. You talked about the mix effect in Systems as we look at the second half. On the Q1 call you talked about Tens and Sovereigns coming in should push up the Cessna mix on margins as we go through the year. Do you still expect improvements in the second half versus Q2 or you think Q2 was a pretty representative quarter in terms of mix in Cessna?
Scott Donnelly: I think Q2 is pretty representative. I mean for sure Julian if you compare it on a year over year basis, we do have more sales obviously of the Ten+, the Sovereign+ in the mix. So, I think we're -- should be fairly stable in terms of the mix of the relative sizes of aircraft through the balance of the year.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse: Thanks. And then on R&D, I think that was down about $14 million year-on-year in Q1 for Textron overall. Is that a similar progression in Q2?
Scott Donnelly: That's a good question Julian I have not gone through the number, it was reported
Frank Connor: I don't think that (inaudible) the case because we're consolidating Beech now and that would be added in so it becomes a.
Scott Donnelly: Its just a timing issue. Yes.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse: Got it. And then just on now I guess your sort of first half clean margin is sort of 11%, 11.5% if you strip out the ARHs gain that's implying as for the fully you have a decent margins step up in the back half sequentially even things like V-22 deliveries are flat. Is that just kind of timing on cost savings about coming through in the back half or is it sort of the mix from.
Scott Donnelly: There is a bit of cost and there is a bit of positive mix in terms of the mix of commercial helicopters as well. So, now we would expect to see more 412 activity in the second half of the year.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Please go ahead. Mr. Sprague, do you have your mute button on?
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Thank you, good morning everyone.
Scott Donnelly: Hi Jeff. How are you?
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Hey, just a couple clean up items if I could. First, just on Bell, has kind of the capitalized costs that are in inventory from the labor disruptions and everything kind of worked their way through, is there any residual impact to that left in the back half?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, there is Jeff. I think we've expected throughout the full year to see about a 100 basis points drag as a result of that working its way through. So that will be the same in the second half to the first half.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Okay. So there is no kind of tail off even from a run rate basis?
Scott Donnelly: Really starts with the tail as we go into the beginning of 2015.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: And then I was wondering just on turning the Beech inventory and getting kind of the PPA step-up behind us, where are we at on that perhaps Frank and how do we think about that in the back half for the year?
Frank Connor: Yes. So, we've gotten through 45 roughly of the 65 that we have talked about. So there is about 20 to go and that will obviously hit the back half, add that product and so, it's probably a little bit heavier in the third quarter than the fourth quarter but it depends on delivery.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: And then also just wasn't clear on Beech. Are you implying that kind of Beech net of the step-up and restructuring and everything is kind of OP breakeven or can you give us a little color on just kind of the underlying OP performance at Beech?
Scott Donnelly: Well, it's hard for us, Jeff because weve consolidated all these things together. So you're really, we're not tracking given all the SG&A, all the engineering, manufacturing; everything is sort of put together. So we can still get some visibility on the revenue front, the operations are totally integrated. So we really don't have the ability to sort of tease out the differences between those. I guess the only guidance I can give you is gross margin on products is pretty equivalent. So I dont think -- you cant forget the accounting of the step up that the margin rates of the various product lines and their contribution are pretty comparable.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Right. And I guess finally just directionally on Bell R&D, is that still have an upper or does that have an upward bias here with 505 and 525 also as you are looking at maybe kind of the overall Bell top-line coming down, obviously with V-22 next year, are you able to kind of compensate the R&D investment?
Scott Donnelly:  Well there is some pressure on that Jeff and like 505 and 525 which will both go in the flight test programs late in the year or so, obviously through 2015 there will be a very active program and flight test for both of those and of course we have the V-280 program which is also ramping up. So there is certainly pressure in terms of R&D, new product programs associated with Bell given that level of activity.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Okay, great. Thank you guys, appreciate it.
Scott Donnelly:  Sure.
Operator:  Alright. Your next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky from Citi. Please go ahead.
Jon Raviv - Citi: Hi, good morning. Its actually Jon Raviv on for Jason. I had a question about your M&A activity recently specially with the simulation business. I was just wondering if you could talk about what the growth rate out gives you that business and how large you think it can get at this point? I know you talked about some numbers before but if you could update us there that would be helpful.
Scott Donnelly:  Jon, I dont know we give any specific numbers in the growth rate. I mean I think obviously the reason that we went into the space was because we think at a macro level its an industry thats going to be growing probably at least mid to high single-digits. There are different segments of the market obviously. Our intent is to participate on the air transport side as a simulator provider. And I think you have seen that weve had sales that business has largely been in sort of the Boeing and Airbus commercial transport market. This win with Boeing to be the provider for 737 MAX is obviously very big deal for us. And so obviously as the 73 MAX comes into production and they start shipping those around the world, we think we'll get some significant growth associated with that program. On the training side, it's obviously oriented towards our platforms i.e. by Cessnas and Citations, King Airs and Bell. So, we would expect that business to grow as we introduce new products and start to do more and more training with our new customers that come on line for those platforms. So, I don't think we're going to give a specific number. I mean it's certainly reasonable to expect that it should be in the high single-digit kind of growth based on what's going on in the marketplace. And clearly we would like to think that we can gain some share and that would help us always that to be a double digit kind of growth business for us.
Jon Raviv - Citi: Great, thanks. And I was wondering if you could update us on the cadence of business jet deliveries. It seems like things are going to be a bit smoother. I was just wondering what your strategy has been in making that happen versus especially how it's been the past couple of years?
Scott Donnelly: We would love for it to be level loaded. Anytime youre running a manufacturing operation and having a more consistent level load and that's how we like to manufacture and so having a working capital tie out. So revenue was great and this year has certainly been much better than last year and that was there. And part of that is the market and gain a lot of it is driven by the fact that these are new products and so the demand has been steadier for those in the marketplace. Were not competing with our used aircraft so things tend not to get all the way and trying to do deals at the end of the quarter. So, I think the order flow while its not as strong as wed like to see it ultimately. The order flow has been certainly a lot more level loaded through each quarter in the year.
Jon Raviv - Citi: Great. Thanks very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen: Yes. Thanks a lot and good quarter. Can you give us a split on the backlog between Beech and Cessna?
Scott Donnelly: No, I dont think we are going to break that out Cai. Obviously youve got Cessna, youve got Beechcraft, King Airs, youve got the military business, its all going to be in that one backlog number.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen: Okay. And then the margin given the size of the inventory step up look considerably better than I would have guessed for the level of volume you achieved, is that kind of -- is that sustainable or is there anything abnormal where there the used aircraft was a plus looked pretty good for the level of volume you achieved?
Scott Donnelly: No, I think were pretty happy with it Cai. I think that the restructuring activity associated with the synergies and combining the two businesses is on track with where we expect it to be and frankly were also seeing some good productivity as were bringing the teams together. So its not just the synergies the reductions of headcounts, but I think the operational efficiencies throughout the factories were also good in the quarter and that contributed to help give us a pretty strong margin rate.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen: Where are you in terms of your expectation of synergies for the year, are they bigger, the same?
Scott Donnelly: I think the synergies are pretty well on track and again I think to the extent there is upside Cai, its the fact that we're just seeing better productivity and operation on top of the synergies.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen: Got it. And maybe Frank you could give us an update on pension? With the expectation of a transition next year to new mortality tables, discount rate is down. Can you provide any color in terms of what we should expect from pension next year?
Frank Connor: Cai we're still looking at it and we won't have those numbers until we kind of formulate them at the end of the year and move into next year. We have had pretty significant change in our workforce that we're running through as well and certainly interest rates where they are would put some pressure on things and the mortality rate, will put some pressure on things. So I don't expect it to be a headwind it's just a question of kind of what type of tailwind might it be and it's probably going to be lower than what we might have thought its what we said here the year ago, but we're still working through those and can't give you explosive guidance on that until we actually run the numbers and get the guidance.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen: Terrific. The last one TCDL are we likely to have any shipments there in the third quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Cai I hope so the biggest milestone that we needed to achieve is getting through the final operational test evaluation and we did that. In the quarter, there are still a few things just in terms of final configurations and working through to do the official [submittle] of the ECP into the customer and so those conversations are -- and that review process is ongoing. So I would certainly hope that we will see some initial sales in the third quarter and then the balance of our plan in the fourth quarter, but I would say worse case even if it's delayed somewhat I would still feel pretty confident that we'll get what we expect for the total year in the back half of the year.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research:  Good morning, good numbers.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks George.
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: I want to try Cais question a little differently. Could you just sit there and provide of the $100 million decline in backlog how much of it roughly might have been due for Cessna and how much to Beech without breaking out the military part of Beech thats applied to each?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, George I obviously dont -- I do not even know the answer to it because I havent, we havent been splitting the number up that way, so I dont think were going to provide that in terms of guidance or status because it will just be the segment backlog number as we would normally report. And I dont think there is anything that I even know to say that there have been a material difference between how much of the backlog burn off came out of the Citation jet business versus the King Air business.
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: Okay. And then one other on Beech. In the first quarter youve said dilution for the year would be about $0.08 a share. Is that number still the same or are you just not going to even provide it given that youve combined everything?
Frank Connor: I mean, at this point, its a combined operation. We have reiterated our guidance that we gave the last time around. So, were really not tracking that separately now. Its a combined business and were moving forward on that basis.
Scott Donnelly: Yes. I mean George, we honestly dont look at it that way, the engineering teams, the manufacturing teams, the sales, marketing all these teams are now fully integrated. So for us to even try to do that would be sort of arbitrary allocations of those functions to a product lines to try to come up with such a number. So, again its not how we operate the business and as a result we really cant report it that way.
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: Okay. And then just one in general Scott, I mean weve obviously seen business jet cycles improve and as you mentioned everything is going in the right direction. Can you just kind of size up the lower end of the market versus kind of the middle end of the market as you see it today?
Scott Donnelly: So, I think the lower end of the market has been sort of stable. Weve seen good demand and deliveries on our M2 which is a new product. I think things have been pretty steady for things like our CJ3s and XLSs. Were seeing a little more strength at the higher end of the market with the Sovereign pluses and the Tens but again I think thats more driven by the fact that these are new products are getting out in the market as opposed to necessarily any real difference in generically speaking market demand between say light versus a mid or super mid size aircraft.
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: Okay. And then just one quick one for Frank. What was the growth in the aftermarket business at Aviation?
Frank Connor: Yes, well and again its tough to look at the comparabilities because of we now have the Beech in the mix but we continue to believe and its trending at a mid kind of single digit higher single-digit type growth rate on aftermarket. So, business continues to perform well there.
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski from Drexel Hamilton. Please go ahead.
Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton: Good morning guys, nice quarter.
Scott Donnelly: Thank you.
Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton: Hey just on the strong Aviation margin this quarter the underlying rate of like 5.2%, I mean, will you guys attempt to kind of raise margin guidance for the full year from that 2.5% to 3.5% or do you have any performance concerns in the back half of the year just strictly the spot market nature of the business right now?
Scott Donnelly: Its very much the latter Pete. I think that were pleased with how the integration has gone, the synergies are coming along as we expected, we feel good about plant performance, the operational side of things. And while we like that its been a more stable market and were balanced, there is still a lot of work to do in terms of sales activity in the second half of the year result.
Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton: Okay, got it. And then just a couple of quick
Doug Wilburne: For Iraq, I just have to say I think that's our first temptation question in my experience doing IR. Thanks for that. 
Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton: Not a problem. I wanted to ask something -- a couple of program questions. It looked like you guys were negotiating with Iraq on a sale of AT6s, it looked like it could be a nice deal for you. Is that -- what do you think about the timing on that given what's going on over there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, it's a very good question. So there has been discussions of an [AT 6T] over the Iraq. Frankly there are several things across our various businesses that have been in discussion with Iraq. And of course we sold things in Iraq before. So, Id say, it's very hard to predict where those programs are going right now. There is clearly a desire for the products, the Iraqis continue to express desire to acquire them, but government is awfully busy with a lot of other things right now. So it's -- the level of instability, makes any transaction difficult.
Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton: Understood, understood, okay. And last one on Scorpion. It wasnt very long ago, the Scorpion seemed like it was going to be very kind of far out. But it seems like a lot of momentum is building and I'm just wondering what your view is. I mean should we start thinking about factoring in some Scorpion revenue at this point for 2015, are we that far along at this point?
Scott Donnelly: I wouldn't get too far ahead of yourself just yet. So what we are encouraged, there has been an awful lot of customer interest having the aircraft to kind of make its debut publicly over here and to be seen by an awful lot of foreign militaries which is sort of our principal customer target at this stage of the game, has been encouraging. But as you know when a military looks at acquiring an aircraft, there are budgetary cycles, there is a lot of work to do to translate something where somebody says, hey thats very interesting, that would fit well and taking it from that discussion to an order and then a ramp up of production is going to take some time. So I feel pretty good about where we are. I think the product is performing flawlessly. I mean the guys have done just a super job. Its flying very well, everybody is thrilled with it, customers are very impressed with it but its going to take time. We really just started to market the product. So its going to take a budgetary cycle or two to take interest and to turn it to doors.
Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton: Thanks guys.
Scott Donnelly:  Sure.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Miles Walton from Deutsche Bank.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks, good morning and good quarter. I think in response to question on a trajectory of Bell R&D, you talked about some of the upward pressures from the new programs and the dollar; I am curious can you do the same kind of commentary around Cessna, and particularly with the latitude probably winding down a bit on spend and a lot of it is just to do spend in particular how that cadence should look?
Scott Donnelly:  So as we went into this year, we expected R&D to be down slightly at Cessna in terms of the jet business, I mean just comparing the old Cessna to the sort of piece within the current business. Just because we had so much (inaudible) activity last year that really drove certification activities that drove quite a bit of the R&D cost. At this stage of the game, our principal aircraft that really is in the certification is latitude. So you have one instead of three and that does save us somewhat on the certification cost. So, I think that's the expectation I would have this year and I expect that to be the same next year. I think it will probably hold reasonably flat on a consolidated basis. Right? So, if I look at what's going on, on the jet business, there was money obviously being spent at Beechcraft associated with upgrades and keeping the King Air line and T6 and AT6 lines active and I think we'll see that. So, I guess my view going from 14 to 15 would be that it's probably neutral in terms of R&D as a percent of sales if you will. 
Unidentified Analyst:  And is your view on the longitude and expansionary nature of Cessna jet portfolio is still the same in terms of timing for that kind of entry into service and expansion of the offering? 
Scott Donnelly: Well, we're always looking at the line but I think that the trend towards investing in some of the larger aircraft will absolutely continue. So our guys continue to work in the longitude program. There's number of things we're doing. I think you'll see we continue to be committed to growing the sort of a larger end of our fleet of jets.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, got it. Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Royal Bank of Canada. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada: Thanks so much. Good morning. 
Scott Donnelly: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada: On the first question, I was wondering if you could comment on used aircraft activity in Textron Aviation and what sort of trend you saw there in the second quarter. 
Scott Donnelly: Used activity continues to be good. We moved a number of aircraft in the quarter. I'd say the used market in general has been pretty solid. In terms of valuations, I wouldn't say weve seen a significant pick up although weve seen some of the reports, have seen a little bit of strengthening in some of the pricing, some of the lighter end. And I think in general thats what were seeing. So it's stable and most importantly the market is active, our aircraft do turnover, which is good.
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada: Okay. Second aviation question, this might be tough. But you mentioned stability a couple of times in the business jet market and like. But is it reasonable to start expecting some stability in the backlog as well?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean obviously the two are going to be correlated rather, they're still selling that goes on in the quarter for the quarter and so you can see increased levels like we've seen in this quarter of selling that doesn't have a positive impact to the backlog. But that's the result of still having a bit of spot market. There is still more selling than wed like to see obviously for a quarter in a quarter, we have some models out that's we've said before and pushed out where availability is out there the next quarter but there are still aircraft that are available for sale in the third quarter. So I think as long as we have an environment that we'll kind of make it hard to see a lot of growth in backlog and we've been fighting our way through that now for five years.
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada: And just a final one, industrial margin was a very solid in the quarter. How do you expect this to trend for the rest of the year?
Scott Donnelly: The second quarter is always our strongest just because of the cyclical nature of the different businesses and how they contribute. But I think what weve seen in the recent past and we expect to continue to see is that if you look on a year-over-year basis, we're going to continue to see some expansion in those margins and part of that's driven by volume, part of that's driven by new products and some better pricing. So I think across the board, we feel pretty good about where those businesses are. So second quarter is usually a peak margin rate for the year, but I certainly expect on a year-over-year basis well continue to see margin expansion each quarter.
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada: Great. Thanks so much.
Scott Donnelly:
Scott Donnelly:  Sure.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Rice from Nomura. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey Scott just one quick follow up on sales activity in the second half. So I think on the Sovereigns in particular I think you said that the 1Q the Sovereigns has booked about one quarter out. Is that still the case there and how confident are you filling any empty slots for that particular aircraft (inaudible) particularly you got close to the Latitude launch date?
Scott Donnelly:  Well we still see there are still some slots on Sovereign pluses that are available in the year. We have got I would say a pretty robust set of customer leads and through this year we have been in that mode and those deals have been closing. So the Sovereigns plus has been performing really well, it has had great receptivity from customers and I would say again its in this market environment which has been sort of stable the demand for the Sovereign plus has been pretty good. So lots of customer interest, lots of demo flights and lots of deals that have been closing. So I think we feel pretty good about it. The Sovereign plus versus Latitude, I mean certainly the Latitude has a larger cross section to the cabin, but it is a 6 seat aircraft as opposed to the Sovereigns which is the double club and the Sovereigns also gives you that coast to coast range. So we still have customers that need that range capability and need that pay load capability and so I think the Sovereign plus remains a very strong platform even with Latitude into the market place.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And then just to confirm one thing I think I heard APG you were talking about some data point suggesting that the used market pricing had taken another turn down but it sounds like from your comments today that the actual pricing in the used market is relatively stable, is that right?
Scott Donnelly:  Yes it really does won around by model. So I think the last set of books for the first time people are talking about some positive price on some of the CJ3s for instance and things like that. But you are always -- we still continue to see some price degradations on some of the aircraft and quick part of that is just, the aircraft get old right. So you are always going to see a certain amount of price decline. But I would say net of overall what we're seeing in terms of our transactions and sort of a book reflected in the industry is that it's been pretty stable and are in good progress.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And you have follow up questions from Cai von Rumohr from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen: Yes, just one question. I mean it looks like in the quarter you kind of beat expectations from a profit line in all of your businesses. It sounds like tone of business is pretty good and you didn't raise your guidance. Is that just being conservative or is there something we should be more worried about in the second half?
Scott Donnelly: Cai, I think that we are feeling good about our operations and how things are going. As I said earlier I think when I look at the Aviation business as well as Bell on the commercial side, there is still a lot of sales activity to go in both of those businesses, that's kind of where we've been for some time with Cessna and I think with King Airs and we feeling good about the prospects and the customer activity and order closure rates and things like that. But there is still a lot of work to be done. Similarly on the Bell side, I think operating performance, actions the team has been taking have been good, but even at Bell on the order side, we still have aircraft to sell. And well that market has been pretty strong, we are seeing a little bit slower closure activity, there is a lot of bid activity, but there is not -- just from where we would like to be right now on the year the number of deals that have closed to ensure those third and fourth quarter sales has been slower coming than we would have expected. So the year is always a bit back ended, great loaded and its going to be the same this year. But I think operationally we feel very good about where things are. I would be a little conservative on upside just given the nature of how much selling activity still has to happen in the Aviation and Bell segments to close up the year where wed like to be.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from Jason Gursky from Citi. Please go ahead.
Jon Raviv - Citi: Hi guys, its Jon Raviv again. Thanks for taking the follow-up. Scott, just on that point in terms of Bell closing activity being a bit slower than expected, just wondering if you guys at all have any color to that why you think that might be the case?
Scott Donnelly: We dont know. I think its kind of a sense that were getting across the whole industry. If you look at the reported numbers or what not, there is again still a fair bit of activity. I think part of it is some uncertainties and in some parts of the world. I guess we have some opportunities pending in places like Russia where there has been a lot of change in their economic outlook over the last six months. And I think some of those kind of orders are kind of pending until people understand where thats going. There is still a fair bit of uncertainty in Latin America, there is, its just -- I think there is clearly demand out there but I think a lot of people are going through their processes and getting the bid packages, they see their needs, but theyre a little slow pulling the trigger right now.
Jon Raviv - Citi: Are you seeing any impact in terms of closure activity due to heightened competition with there being more players in particular segments in [aftermarket]?
Scott Donnelly: I think this is an industry wide, I mean everything that were kind of hearing is there is nothing unique going on at Bell, I think its just the industry as we serve and just kind of whats going on in those sectors. But again deals are -- these are all competitive deals, and so the guys are putting up bid packages. Itd be a different story if we were losing deals. It's -- I don't see any trend or significant difference in terms of a share issue there, competitive deals and bids are submitted and people are sort of just delaying making the awards.
Jon Raviv - Citi: Great, thanks so much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: And your next question is a follow-up from George Shapiro from Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: Yes, Scott. I was wondering if you might comment on what percentage of deliveries at Cessna you still need to sell for the second half of the year and how that compares to where you were at this point last year?
Scott Donnelly: Sorry George, I don't know. I mean obviously we don't publish that number. I don't think there is a huge dynamic. I mean as I said, the back end of this year compared to the back end of last year has a lot more new product in it, particularly the third quarter. So we're -- I went back to the numbers I would say we're probably in somewhat better position just because we have a lot more new product here in the third quarter. And as youll recall, we didn't have Sovereigns and the M2s until the fourth quarter last year. So at least for the third quarter we're certainly in a better position than we were a year ago.
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: Could you comment on how many TEN deliveries you might expect or the ballpark for the year?
Scott Donnelly: No we wouldn't, we did three -- so I mean in the second quarter as we just finished the certification but we've kind of talked in general terms in the past George I think the TEN is probably sort of 6 to 10 aircraft a year kind of market the way we see it.
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: Okay. Thanks again.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Doug Wilburne: Alright. I believe that completes calls in queue. So thank you ladies and gentlemen for joining us. Have a good day.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your conference for today. The conference will be available for replay today after 10 am Eastern Time and will be available until October 16th at midnight. You may access the replay system at anytime by dialing 1800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 307-262. International participants, please dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers again are 1800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844 with the access code of 307-262. That does conclude the conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-01 08:00:00) =====
Executives:  Doug Wilburne - VP, IR Scott Donnelly - Chairman & CEO Frank Connor - CFO 
Analysts:  John Godyn - Morgan Stanley Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Jason Gursky - Citi George Shapiro - Shapiro Research Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Joe Nadol - JPMorgan Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company Ron Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Justin Bergner - Gabelli & Company  
Operator: Welcome to the Textron First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Doug Wilburne. Please go ahead.
Doug Wilburne: Thanks Greg. Good morning everyone. Before we begin I would like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in todays press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. On March 14, we completed our acquisition of Beechcraft combining it with Cessna to create a new segment called Textron Aviation. Therefore our first quarter results include the impact of the acquisition including 16 days of operating results. On this basis Textrons revenues in the quarter were 2.8 billion of approximately flat with the first quarter of 2013. Income from continuing operations was $0.31 per share compared to $0.40 in the first quarter of 13. As shown on slide 4 of the earnings presentation the net impact of the Beechcraft acquisition during the first quarter was a reduction to EPS of $0.05 per share. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was a $111 million use of cash compared to $425 million use of cash in last years first quarter. First quarter pension contributions were 17 million and with that I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly:  Thanks Doug. Good morning everybody. Revenues in the quarter were up at our new Textron Aviation segment and across all of our industrial businesses. Overall manufacturing revenues were approximately flat as lower volumes of Textron Systems and Bell offset the higher revenues at aviation and industrial. At Bell we delivered eight V-22s and five H-1s compared to nine V-22s and six H-1s in last years first quarter. On the commercial side we delivered 34 aircraft down from 48 a year ago reflecting timing of deliveries. Order demand was stronger than a year ago so we still expect commercial deliveries will be up in 2014. We had a very good show again this years HELI-EXPO in early March highlighted by the unveiling of our new Bell 505 Jet Ranger X. We received nearly 200 customer commitments during the show for the 505 reflecting stronger customer interest in this entry level helicopter. At HAI, we also featured our new 525 Relentless which we displayed in the search and rescue configuration. We received our first 525 letter of intent at the show for delivery of 10 units from Abu Dhabi Aviation. They plan to deploy these units in support of a variety of missions including offshore oil and gas, emergency medical services, VIP transport and search and rescue. Bot the 525 and 505 were on track for first flight by the end of this year with expected entry into service in 2016. During the quarter we also expanded the capability of our 429 product as we received Canadian and Brazilian certification of a retractable wheeled landing gear version of the aircraft which provide significant operational flexibility for our customers. We also participated in the Singapore airshow where we displayed our 407GX and 429 commercial offerings and on the military side we had an H-1Z and a V-22. We also had a number of positive developments in the Asia-Pacific region as we established a new sales office in Japan and announced the sale of eight 412s for the Philippine Department of Nation Defense and booked eight helicopter orders in China with options for seven more. Finally we were named number one in helicopter services support for the 20th consecutive year at ProPilot magazine. Aftermarket support is a key competitive differentiator in the vertical of market and we will continue to invest and work to expand our support capabilities around the world. Moving next to Textron Systems revenues were down as expected but we had a good program performance for segment margins of 10.7%. We continue to make progress on the Shadow TCDL upgrade development program and were on track to deliver production units beginning in the third quarter. Were also seeing continued performance improvements in our Aerosonde fee-for-service platform reflecting the successful deployment of Lycoming manufactured engines into the installed fleet for which we now have achieved over 10,000 hours of operation. Earlier this month our new aircraft Simulation and Training business participated in the World Aviation Training Conference where we launched our new name and brand through simulation training. This reflects our mission to ride [ph] realistic pilot environments for true to life ensuring pilots are fully experienced, competent and confident when they leave our simulators. Shifting to Industrial, we saw a good growth of Caltex reflecting strength in Asian and European auto markets. We also continue to win new platforms at Caltex which bodes well for continued long term growth. E-Z-GO also continued to grow as top line based on new products. We have been rolling out across our golf, consumer, commercial and aftermarket product lines. At Greenlee, growth is driven by continued market share expansion and our acquisitions of Sherman & Reilly and HD Electric last year. Were currently pursuing new electric utility transmission sales opportunities with the 12 city roadshow to demonstrate a new product line up, highlighting how our products can support our customers health, safety and productivity. Also in the acquisition front we added in important new product line at Jacobsen during the quarter with purchase of Dixie Chopper, a U.S. manufacturer of zero-turn radius mowers. Expands our product offering to better serve the commercial and municipal market sectors. Moving to Textron Aviation, with the acquisition of Beechcraft we delivered our first eight King Airs during the last two weeks of the quarter. We also delivered 35 new jets up from 32 a year ago. We were pleased that even at these relatively low volumes we were able to generate a $22 million year-over-year improvement in segment profit in the quarter. On the new product front our Latitude prototype took first flight on February the 18th and followed on February the 25th, the demonstration of its maximum flight envelope. This included reaching a maximum speed of 440 knots or mach 0.8 and going on a direct climb to a maximum altitude of 45,000 feet with a maximum gross take off to 29,000 pounds.  We continue to make progress towards the 2015 entry into service for the Latitude. We also announced the new CJ3 plus which includes a state of the art fully integrated Garmin 3000 avionics suite, a redesign cabin and cockpit and new pressurization diagnostic systems. We also introduced CJ2 plus Alpine Edition, our Garmin 3000 cockpit upgrade option for existing CJ2 plus owners. Finally Cessna achieved a noble milestone during the quarter as our installed fleet of 6600 citations reached over 30 million total flight hours of service. With the Beechcraft acquisition we now have a global customer base, operating over 9000 business jets as well as over 9000 turboprops and over 180,000 piston engine aircraft. With respect to Beechcraft were estimating Beechcraft will add about 1.5 billion in revenue to the aviation segment this year. This reflects an expectation for higher aftermarket revenue, lower military sales and slightly fewer King Airs this year as we believe 2015s volume is benefited from catch-up deliveries related to the uncertainties leading up to the Beechcraft bankruptcy. Therefore our 2014 revenue guidance for Textron Aviation is now 4.8 billion. In terms of synergies, we began implementing restructuring activities last week and now estimate we will spend about 35 million in 2014 and reach an annualized cost synergy run-rate of about 80 million by the end of this year. On this basis and including the impact of purchase price accounting right up to amortization, we estimate the acquisition will add about 45 million net to Textron Aviation segment profit this year. Therefore segment margin guidance for the year remains at 2.5% and 3.5%. To give you a sense of the earnings power the segment going forward after adjusting for purchase price accounting items and giving benefit to full year synergies and fully annualized results. 2014 Textron Aviation margins would be about 200 basis points higher than the midpoint of our current guidance range. While our restructuring process will not conclude by the end of the year we believe we will be able to offset any 2015 cost with additional savings and remain comfortable with our previous statement that we expect the Beechcraft acquisition will be accretive by $0.25 to $0.30 per share on a fully annualized basis. To wrap up we believe were off to a good start on the year; were encouraged by what were seeing in terms of demand in the majority of our markets. We continue to make progress with operational productivity, our strategy in investing new products and distribution is paying off and were seeing good results from our M&A investments. With that I will turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor:  Thank you Scott. Good morning everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was 219 million down 16 million from the first quarter of 2013 on approximately flat revenues. Lets look at how each of the segments contributed starting with Textron Aviation. At Textron Aviation, revenues were up 77 million from this period last year reflecting a 101 million of acquired Beechcraft revenue, higher jet, Caravan and aftermarket volume partially offset by a reduction in preowned sales and CitationAir revenues. The segment had a profit of 14 million compared to a loss of 8 million a year ago. This reflected favorable pricing and higher jet and Caravan volumes. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at 1.5 billion up 503 million from the end of 2013. This includes a $534 million contribution from Beechcraft. Moving to Bell, revenues were down 76 million on lower commercial unit sales and decreased B-22 and H-1 deliveries partially offset by higher V-22 product support. Segment profit decreased 33 million from the first quarter in 2013 primarily reflecting the overall volume and unfavorable commercial aircraft mix as we delivered only two 412s in the quarter. At Textron Systems revenues were down 66 million reflecting lower UAS and TMLS volumes offset by higher weapons and sensor volume. Segment profit increased 1 million despite lower volumes reflecting favorable performance across most product lines. Industrial revenues increased 70 million reflecting higher automotive volume and the impact of acquisitions. Segment profit increased 9 million due to the higher volumes. Moving to finance revenues in segment profit were down 13 million and 15 million respectively reflecting the impact of gains on the disposition of finance receivables during 2013. Non-accrual accounts ended the quarter at 98 million down 7 million from the end of 2013 while 60 day delinquencies were a 125 million up 45 million in the quarter. Lastly moving to corporate items, corporate expenses were 43 million and we believe were still on track for a full year amount of about a 150 million. Interest expense was 35 million down from 37 million a year ago reflecting the retirement of our convertible debt in May of last year partially offset by 7 million in interest cost related to the Beechcraft acquisition financing. Our tax rate was 30.4% reflecting a number of discreet non-U.S. benefits in the quarter. Were still estimating a full year tax rate of about 31.5%. During the quarter we repurchased 4.3 million shares through an accelerated repurchase program. This should result in a four year average share count of about 283 million shares. Looking then to our full year outlook as shown on slide 5, we estimate that Beechcraft will reduce 2014 EPS by about $0.08 per share. On this basis the company now expects 2014 earnings per share from continuing operations will be in a range of a $1.92 to $2.12 per share. Cash flow from continuing operations of the manufacturing group before pension contributions is still expected to be in a range of 600 million to 700 million. This reflects an approximate cash neutral net operating impact from the Beechcraft acquisition. That concludes our prepared remarks. So Greg we can open the line for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of John Godyn from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
John Godyn - Morgan Stanley: Scott, I was hoping now that we've had some time to digest Beech that you could talk a little bit more about revenue synergy opportunities. You had some very good commentary on the cost synergy side, it sounds like on a run rate basis the outlook there is that it could exceed some of the prior comments. I'm just curious what the outlook looks like or how it might have evolved on revenue synergies now that you've had some more time?
Scott Donnelly: With respect to revenue synergies, it's not something that I want to really put hard number around. We try to base all of our synergy and math around the things we know we can control which is really on the cost side of the equation. I'd also say from a timing perspective here. We've been working pretty hard over the last few months on the cost side of things -- the team has been working together so that we were able to kind of come out of the gate right away executing on the cost synergies. Obviously we couldnt get sales teams together prior to the official closing so those teams are now working. We've got kickoff events and the folks that are in the particular regions that have been selling King Airs or meeting with the teams that have been selling Citation jets. So we are certainly starting to operate to make sure that we can take advantage of what revenue opportunities or maybe, but it's not something that I would put a number. Obviously we feel good about the fact that we now have a huge install base of Hawker jets and these are customers that are very, very important to us. Were going to reach out to them to work with them on the service front which also will hopefully over time increase our conversion rate or I guess retain those Hawker customers and as they move to a new jet we obviously want to see them move into the Citation jet family and we will do everything to make sure they have a very service experience to help promote that on a go forward basis. But it's not something that we're going to come out with any form of real guidance around a specific number on the revenue synergy side.
John Godyn - Morgan Stanley: Outside of a specific number, I mean is it fair to say that directionally now that youve had more time looking at Beech and the sales forces are communicating that you feel directionally better about revenue synergy potential as we think about it long term?
Scott Donnelly: I think John we always felt that this was an important part of the acquisition and something that would be a great add in terms of adding those additional sales resources and building those relationships and we have only being in to this now for a few weeks. The teams have been getting together, I would say there is a great deal of energy around it, you know each of the sessions -- had around the world where we get these teams together, people are very enthusiastic, very bullish on working together to get out there and just increase our coverage and build more customer relationship. So it was without a doubt an important part of the transaction and I would say so far as the teams we have gotten together we feel very good about it.
John Godyn - Morgan Stanley: And then I was just hoping that you could elaborate on the general biz jet commentary and specifically what you're seeing with some of the legacy aircraft types. A lot of the data that the analyst community tracks has generally being a looking a bit better. Some people have gotten a bit excited. I'm just curious what your perspective is as you read the tea leaves? Thanks.
Scott Donnelly: So key metrics continue to move in the right direction in terms of used available for sale. You certainly hear some firming around the pricing in the use market which is encouraging. For sure the number of aircraft and we watch this every quarter in terms of Citation fleet and what's available for sale, drop-down another 40 aircraft or so as the install base continues to grow. So I would say in terms of trends of some of those key metrics they are still going in the right direction. We feel good about the fact that pricing has firmed in the use market. We feel good about the fact that pricing is incrementally better in the new market as well. So if I had to kind of give overall color on a year-over-year basis as we sat here a year ago we were kind of saying we are little concerned about what we are seeing in the market and we were taking production back and sort of trying to firm pricing and we sit here a year later and while the overall numbers are not a lot higher in terms of unit deliveries we certainly feel better about what's going on in the market and feel a lot more confident about where we're heading here as we into the second, third quarter than we did a year ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski from Drexel Hamilton. Please go ahead.
Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton: Scott, I wanted to ask about pricing. You mentioned -- in the release you have got some pricing on the new models, new model Citations. Just wondering if you've got any pricing on the balance of the Citation portfolio because I know you guys have tried to be a little bit more disciplined on pricing.
Scott Donnelly: Yes we did Pete and in fact when you see the pricing numbers here they will come out, our pricing was up on a year-over-year basis and that really is a reflection of the legacy models. The M2s and the Sovereigns which were give bit of a volume here in the first quarter aren't going to be in that price number because they are new models. So, the price was certainly up on the existing CJ and XLS families and that number is out there. The M2s and the Sovereigns obviously -- they are new -- will not show up in our pricing number but certainly pricing has been better than we've seen in the past.
Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton: Thats great and then Im interested in kind of your new expectations for a peak margins at aviation. I mean it's tough to kind of figure out what kind of the go ahead margin rate at Beechcraft would be given it's kind of up and down history and Hawker has wound down but youve got $80 million in cost savings youre looking at. So can you give us some color around you know what peak margin can possibly be for the big aviation segment?
Frank Connor: Pete, I have to be honest I haven't tried to do that math yet. We have been sort of focused here on making sure we can communicate to you guys exceptions in terms of what it means here at14 and particularly how to model going into 15, in terms of you know peak margins as you know we have always talked about trying to get through a couple 100s basis points better than in the past. Thats obviously a little bit muddied up here because were going to have a mix of stuff that we dont actually really know what the margins were back in those peak days because there was so much noise in all of the financials as Beech went through, the Hawker issue. It is a very complicated model, Pete, so I cant even really go back and tell you very well an actual real percent to know what to base that peak off of. I know thats kind of a muddy answer but the math is -- historical numbers always had all kinds of special charges and impacts of things. It's just it's not an easy comparable.
Scott Donnelly: I think the way to think about it is in Scotts earlier comments about the 200 basis points adjustment for kind of a normalized full year run-way of the segment and then you are making your own assumptions on what you think volumes are going to do and what the pricing environment is and I think you can come up with a view of where your margins are going to go.
Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton: Okay. Last question should we'd be worried that 412 was down year-over-year and 429 as well?
Scott Donnelly: I think Pete, thats just timing. We had an awful lot of 412s that went out in the fourth quarter just based on customer demand and where they were, so we were very light in the first quarter particularly with respect to 412s which is an important part of the mix commercial business but I don't think that portends anything for the year. It was just a light number deliveries based on customer demand and delivery dates for the first quarter.
Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton: You still think 4.5 billion for Bell for the full year in revenue?
Scott Donnelly: Thats correct. Yes, sir.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Royal Bank of Canada. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada: Just a follow-up, I think you reiterated your Bell revenue guidance there. I was wondering if you could comment on Textron Systems, whether youre still comfortable with your full-year revenue guidance for that division?
Scott Donnelly: Were trying to stay away from quarterly guidance here but we did try to tell people the real drivers of the revenue growth on a year-over-year basis is driven in large part by the TCDL program which is really going to be a third and fourth quarter program just because thats when were going to be completed the final testing and it should be signed off in terms of starting customer delivery. So we expected the first and frankly expect the second quarter to be pretty light in terms of the revenue line because you won't see those deliveries until the third and fourth quarter.
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada: And then secondly on the aviation division, I was wondering if you can give us an idea what the sort of lead time is on a new jet at that moment? Whether that started to move out a little bit?
Scott Donnelly: It depends on which model. So it has -- got a little bit on some of the models and if youre interested Robert we will push up as far forward in the list as we could.
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada: No I was focused more on the ones where you have been operating a bit on a spot basis and whether thats stretched down a little bit?
Scott Donnelly: It's a still spot basis on some of the lighter jets Robert, but as you get into some of the new models like the Sovereigns youre starting to build -- again not a huge backlog but these aircraft for instance are -- I dont think we can get to one of those Sovereigns in the second quarter. So were kind of at a point where that production line is pretty well matching what the demand is sort of quarter ahead.
Operator: We will go to the line of Julian Mitchell from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse: I just wondered in terms of the Beechcraft business, the lumpiness of sort of the margin profile there during the year. I don't know if there's anything particularly important in terms of seasonality that you wanted to call out but obviously the margin number to the extent that it counts for you had in Q1 but very, very high versus the kind of 7% underlying margin guide for the year.
Scott Donnelly: Well I think Julian if you look at the numbers it looks like a very high number because it really just reflects those last two weeks of a quarter and you had a lot of King Air deliveries which is fairly standard I think in this business. You tend to have a fair number of deliveries right near at the end of the quarter. So the margin rate in that two week period looks particularly high but thats because you had eight deliveries in a two week period of time over a relative short cost base. So I think thats just a function of the fact that youre just looking at a snapshot of the last two weeks of the quarter. In terms of sort of a normal annualized looking at the business from what we have seen if its historical numbers it doesnt look terribly different than the jet business. Deliveries tend to be stronger in the fourth quarter than they are in the second quarter lets say, but again it doesnt look to us to be have historically being very different than what we see in the jet business.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse: Thanks and then on the Bell, I guess you are still sticking with that 12%, 12.5% margin guide for the year as a whole. I just wondered if there's anything in Q1, any spillover in terms of the ERP type stuff that hurt the margins were it really was primarily around the commercial mix and that should come back?
Scott Donnelly: Well I mean there is both things in there Julian, so for sure as we talked about last year as we went through sort of the challenges on the new ERP system and the labor disruptions. We were running at a higher cost basis than we normally would and a fair bit of that did get inventoried just because it goes and then leaves off over a period of time. So when we gave you the guidance around the margins we did expect that as that inventory went through and burned off over the course of the year that we expect that we would see about a 100 basis point drag on our margin rates through the course of the year and in fact if we look at those things that were -- those additional costs as they flow through in the first quarter it was about 100 basis point drag. And so I think you will see roughly a percent of margin degradation in this years performance that was a result of those higher cost that we incurred last year but again that was factored into the guidance that we gave you in that 12%, 12.5% number.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse: Thanks and lastly very quickly R&D to sales. You had indicated alongside the Q4 earnings that should be a tailwind to margins this year, year-over-year, is that still the case?
Scott Donnelly: I think it's a very slight tailwind and I think it remains that way as we bring Beech and the R&D as a percent of sales is kind of about what it is for the overall Textron Company. So no real change in terms of the overall R&D as a percent of sales and it's a very slight tailwind. It's a little bit wider in Cessna because of the lower numbers of aircraft and certification. It's a bit higher at Bell as we have 525 and 505 and V-280 [ph] all going full tilt.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky from Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Gursky - Citi: Scott, I wanted to ask a question around the sales force and the aviation segment you've gone through pretty big transformation in there over the last year or 18 months. Was wondering if you could provide an update to us on the benefits, what you've got this far out of that transformation as you move more to a direct sales force? And whether these guys have been to populate some sort of pipeline in this tracking system and what that pipeline looks like on a year-over-year basis.
Scott Donnelly: So I think there is no question we have been continue to grow our sales force both domestically and internationally as we have talked about before adding a lot more of our resources as opposed to be dependent on third parties to do that, so we continue to make progress I think in doing that clearly the acquisition of Beech helps, we have added a lot more sales resource through that deal and we have retained that sales force by the way. So I mean there is still a team out there as it was with the Beech very focused on the turboprop marketplace and so as I said earlier were having a lot of sort of get to know each other sessions around the world, so that the teams have been out there selling jets and the team is selling turboprops and know each other and can try to find opportunities to work together going forward. But we have largely retained all those folks. So it's increased the net size of our sales force which I think is good. I think we have a very good system actually that we use for keeping track of customer contacts and customer opportunities and sort of where people are in the cycle and I would say thats the system we sort of use and look at it. It's the system we looked at a year ago to say, hey guys were not feeling that great about where things are in terms of demand and thats also the same system were looking at today and saying there is a more robust set of customer opportunities out there which makes us feel better about where were heading in the second, third quarter. So the system is quite good. The sales teams around the world keep it statused and Scott and that team have a sort of once a week review with all the sales folks around the world on that data basis and kind of get an update on where it is and how things are progressing.
Jason Gursky - Citi: Scott, do you feel like you've been able to close more deals as a result of this direct sales force than you would have had you've been using an indirect sales force? As you look back, the year 18 months on without a doubt the right move youve made?
Scott Donnelly: Absolutely. Our indirect, our sales representatives or authorized representatives around the world is like anything, Jason. I think we have had some that have been outstanding and they do a terrific job and we still have a bunch of those and we keep the guys who are doing a great job for us. The thing that was that led us to start to do more of our direct sales around the world is that I think we had too many that were great for us when things were good but when times werent good they had other things to go do and obviously when we put a direct person in, good times and bad doesnt really matter. The person is out there selling every day. They are not going to wait around for the overall market to become positive to go sell. They try to sell all the time and I think that were seeing the benefits of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: A couple of questions. First Scott can you update us on where the Citation 10 stands, are we going to see deliveries this quarter? I'm not sure Ive seen whether it's been certified yet?
Scott Donnelly: I think our past week was the last week of flight testing and so at this point it's now just into the paper work process and I guess the bottom line George is yes I would expect that the certification will happen this quarter and that you will see initial deliveries of 10s in Q2.
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: Okay, and then Frank, just to update if I look back at Beech you projected EBITDA of 215 in the December call. Now it looks like it is gone up a little bit. We are talking 235 maybe, is that due to the 80 million of synergies you are talking now versus 65 before or if I'm wrong if you can clarify what that -- the comparison?
Frank Connor: Yes George Im not sure if Im following your EBITDA comparative but I would say 2013 came in from a historical basis, pretty much on top of what we had expected and the numbers that were talking about now are pretty much on top of what we had indicated at the time that we announced the acquisition probably achieving the run-rate synergy saving faster than what we indicated at that point in time. But generally consistent with where we were at the time we made the announcement. 
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: Okay. And then one last one you had mentioned maybe a 100 basis point impact from the continued labor from the follow-up of the labor issues you had at Bell. Is that more heavily loaded to the first quarter here where the margins were down a lot more or is that just a 100 basis points in the combination of the weaker mix?
Frank Connor: That falls across the year. Really as we sell product and it just rolls through cost of sales at a pretty consistent 100 basis points across each quarter.
Scott Donnelly: Yes so the 100 basis points is pretty consistent, at least the way we forecasted or see it right now, George, the big comparative from 13 to 14 beyond that is largely driven by mix of principally commercial and largely 412 helicopters in Q1 of 13 versus Q1 of 14.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies: My first question was about, I know you discussed pricing, it seems like there was a bit of a pricing benefit for the full-year just given there is a loss legacy aircraft, can you give us an idea maybe the gross margin differential between some of the newer products like the M2 versus the Mustang?
Scott Donnelly: We wouldnt give those number specifically in numerical Sheila but for sure were going to have two dynamics I think through the course of the year. One is that were seeing stronger pricing on those legacy aircraft be it Mustangs, CJ2s, CJ3, CJ4, XLS product lines. I would say on a gross margin basis, you know the things they are not going to be reflected in pricing are going to be the M2s and the Sovereigns and the gross margins on both of those products is good.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies: Okay. And the first quarter out of the gate, seems like you've been successful with new product launches of their gains and momentum. I know it's a little bit early but looking back historically it seems like new products results in several quarters of market share gains. You have few competitors coming out with new launches in late 14 and 15. I guess does the sales force have any strategic views on this or how you're thinking about that?
Frank Connor: Well I think if you look at the market historically it does, the new products do drive some market and share. Were certainly seeing that with the M2 and the Sovereign and I would say we see that certainly playing out through the year and I would say right now the business and the sales force I think is very enthusiastic about where the Latitude is. You know that really will be what drives our growth I think in the 2015 timeframe. So as we have kind of said we see the market sort of flattish with respect to demand for the legacy product, so we didnt make a lot of growth assumption there, most of the growth driven by the introduction of new product. So I came to Sovereign and TEN for the 2014 window and then you add on top of that going into 2015 the Latitude Program which we feel very good about. The flight testing has grown fabulously. We think were very much on track for that to having a meaningful impact for us in 2015
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies: Okay, got it and then just a last one for me. We saw some indications from Congress about the V-22s for carrier usage; can you maybe talk about the potential to expand the V-22 within the U.S. government?
Scott Donnelly: We think there is a couple of opportunities that are pretty significantly in the V-22 for it's future. The replacement of the so called carrier onboard delivery vehicle, we think it's a great opportunity. Thats one where there has been a fair bit of work, already conducted by the Marine Corps and the Navy looking at the utility of the V-22 to execute that mission. The issue I think in the long run will really be how they decide to specific that requirement Sheila. So if the mission is just purely to go from a land based airport to a big carrier deck, thats a fairly narrow mission and there is other ways including refurbishing existing equipment probably to get there. The benefit of the V-22 is you can completely fulfill that mission but you can also go from any land site or any sea site, to any ship because of the vertical takeoff and landing capability of the V-22.  So I think it's still too early in terms of where that program is, there is not a hard requirement, you know thats been written, there is a lot of study and analysis going on within the Navy. So I think that program obviously is still a number of years out but we feel good about how were positioned because frankly that aircraft can do things and fulfill the mission in a way that there is -- that no other platform can do it and because it's a production unit and you dont have a huge development program. We also think it's a much lower risk approach than doing something like an overhaul of older aircraft. So obviously from our perspective we get a lot better value, you get a better mission and you get a lot lower risk but were few years from knowing the answer of that question, I think.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan from Nomura. Please go ahead.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura: Scott I think you mentioned the Sovereign you were booked one quarter out. Can you just give a little color on how that's tracking versus your expectation and your initial plan for the year?
Scott Donnelly: I mean it's basically meeting our plan Shannon. We expected once we got this thing certified and the aircraft was out there and plenty of demo assets for customers to fly it that would drive pretty strong demand and thats exactly what were seeing. So I dont want to say, hey it's the market is going crazy and you got a line up years in advance or anything like that but the aircraft is doing really well. It's flying very well, the performance has been great. Customers love the new interior, the added range, the more sophisticated capable cockpit. So far it's playing out as we expected. 
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura: Okay. And then just maybe on this ASR you guys did. I guess that's a one-off in the first quarter. I mean any changes, philosophy there and it doesnt look like it really is much of an impact I guess it offsets dilution?
Scott Donnelly: As we said Shannon, clearly were committed to making sure that we do as a minimum enough stock buyback to offset the dilutive effects of all the employee programs and thats really what that was. We just did it in the first quarter to kind of make sure we got the full year benefit of doing that in terms of other buyback opportunities we would continue to look at that on sort of an opportunistic basis. But we will remain committed on a go forward basis, that is the minimum. We will always take out enough to offset dilution.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research:  Just wanted to get my arms around a little bit more Cessna mix for the year and you kind of touched on it a little bit in your comments on the TEN and Sovereign. So if I just look at Q1, right, 130, your deliveries are kind of - M1, M2, Citation 10 start to come in but should we actually expect this quarter to be the high watermark for Sovereign? You are kind of caught up on a little spike and unit volumes really don't rise sequentially from here on Sovereign?
Scott Donnelly:  They probably won't Jeff; part of this is an artifact of the fact that we certified the airplane so late by the time we got through everything in the fourth quarter. So there were a few Sovereign deliveries that we would have preferred to have made last year and that late certification which couldnt get through the whole delivery process on a couple of them. So, it's a bit high in the first quarter but we should have reasonable volumes through the balance for the year as well.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Does that apply for M2 also that you had a Q4, Q1 catch up and it levels off or does that work its way higher sequentially over the course of year?
Scott Donnelly: I think the M2s are fairly stable through the balance of the year.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: And then I was just wondering on pricing, from what I can tell it looks like orders were flattish to down slightly book-to-bill's 0.9 or 1 depending on how you round some things. So do you think the better pricing is negatively impacting order intake or am I'm missing something there?
Scott Donnelly: No I dont think so Jeff. I think a lot of it is just timing related, as I said if you look at the amount of activity in the marketplace, the number of customers, sort of just where they are in the order cycle. It's better than where we were before. So as we look -- I mean obviously if it wasnt a signed order book with a deposit we dont put it into the backlog but there were a number of deals that were in negotiation and kind of working their way towards contract which has now been closing here as we entered into the beginning of the second quarter. So from an order book standpoint in terms of meeting our plan, we think the trend is positive.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: And just a quick housekeeping one for Frank. So just looking at in Q1 the $40 million of PT&A step up thats separate and apart from the $60 million of restructuring and acquisition cost, is that correct?
Frank Connor: Thats right and yes we will continue to see that step up will flow through segment profitability and impact the segment for the year and then we also have additional restructuring charges that we will breakout separately, it will be a separate impact.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Joe Nadol - JPMorgan: Scott, just back to Bell and the 412 and the deliveries, I heard you say it was just all timing. Could you speak a little bit though to, and maybe any detail behind that, were there fleet customers that they are transitioning? Is it literally just the dates that the customers want their aircraft and maybe just bigger picture about the demand for that specific model and what's in backlog and what you are seeing?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. I mean it really was just timing Joe. We haven't seen a change in the demand of 412. As you know a lot of times 412s do tend to be fleet orders and we had some fairly strong deliveries just again on timing in the first quarter last year of one of our larger fleet customers that had just scheduled a number of deliveries in Q1. So, as we look through the balance of the year again 412s do tend to come in fleet as opposed to sort of onesie twosies but I think in terms of customer demand fleet orders, customer activities, thats why we still feel pretty good about the total year 412s.
Joe Nadol - JPMorgan: And you expect to be, you did 36 last year, you still expect to be higher than that for that model this year?
Scott Donnelly: Sorry Joe, I would have to go and look at my sheets on the exact number of 412s and we dont usually publish that number but I dont think it's appreciably different one way or the other. It really is, but our quarter is.  
Joe Nadol - JPMorgan: And then on, maybe I missed it, but on Beech, what are the cost saves that are actually baked into your guidance now for this year? Not annualized, but actually in the plan here?
Scott Donnelly: We haven't given that Joe, and obviously -- I mean first of all we only have nine months. Were in the process of incurring at this point most of the cost associated with those restructuring activities. So were not going to break that as a separate number but we included all that in terms of the numbers we have given you, in terms of restructuring as well as the overall net margin number and so I dont think we will break that out number separately other than to tell you it's receipt is about an 80 million run-rate for next year.
Joe Nadol - JPMorgan: I'm just trying to think about the compare going into next year compared to this year how much, I mean we get -- the step-up I assume doesn't recur, you get a full year benefit obviously of EBIT. But then how much incrementally do we get from the cost saves in 15 versus 14 if we don't know what's in 14, it is hard to make that comparison.
Frank Connor: Thats part of the overall 200 basis point normalization Joe. So it's part of that.
Joe Nadol - JPMorgan: Okay. Could you actually just run through that again, I heard that number, Frank, but I didn't quite get it in your prepared remarks, the 200 basis points?
Scott Donnelly: So if you look at a full year sales impact of Beech and if you look at the impacts that we expect to flow through from the purchase price impacts which are relatively modest going into 15 but impact 15 by about $65 million and then you look at the expected saving is coming off of that 80 million run-rate that we talked about. You would get on a same volume as 2014, a 200 basis pick up in Textron Aviation margins.
Frank Connor: I think gives you all the elements of the number and the reason were not trying to obfuscate anything, the reason we are doing it that way is it's hard to identify and will be hard to identify as we move forward here kind of all of the cost savings and where things come from and everything else and were really looking as a consolidated segment operations and just trying to focus on kind of what our cost structure will look like in 15 and therefore core profitability levels.
Joe Nadol - JPMorgan: Fair enough. And just one more. You've talked Scott quite a bit about demand for some of the individual Cessna models and pricing. I just wanted to touch on something that emerged a little bit last quarter which is the competitive environment in really in the midsize area in particular. Is this something that's getting a little better? You've talked quite a bit in the past about how tough it is out there and I know you don't want to declare victory at all, but is everyone seeing things getting a little better and maybe taking a little more price across the board?
Scott Donnelly: I think thats happening Joe. As I said on our legacy product where we compare price on a year-over-year basis, prices are up across the line. So but again it's still a very competitive market. I mean every deal is a fight but I think as we go through that process obviously as demand is firming and a lot of is backed off in terms of how much capacity or what production run-rates are going thats had the desired effect exactly as we anticipated it would. So were starting to see that price firming, having some price firming in the used market, giving people that are out there looking to sell a little bit better collateral value as well as frankly just a stronger market so they can transact and get the liquidity. I mean all those things I think are factoring into just a strengthening in the overall market and therefore you will expect a little bit of strengthening on the pricing side. So it's not overwhelming obviously. We would like to see it stronger but it's certainly improved over where we have been and that reflects in some of the improved pricing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: Scott, you had good deliveries of the Sovereign and the M2. Obviously some backlog spillover from the fourth quarter. Should we expect the seasonal pattern here, because of those strong deliveries in the first quarter, that you are really flat to up in the second, flat to up in the third as you burn off that initial backlog, and then a big fourth quarter, is that, as you think about the quarterly pattern, is that the way to think about it?
Scott Donnelly: I think thats mostly correct Cai. I mean thats been sort of the nature of the business, obviously, last year we had very challenging second, third quarters and then a much bigger fourth quarter. We would like to see a flatter profile just in terms of -- its a little easier to run the business and little bit more productive to run the business a little bit flatter. But as we look through the course of the year right now we would expect it to be sort of up slightly as we move our way through the quarters incrementally.
Frank Connor: We expect deliveries of the TEN to come in here in the second quarter as Scott indicated which will impact things.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: Right. But I assume it is later in the quarter if you still have the paperwork to go or are you just all set so you could do you three of them in the quarter.
Scott Donnelly: Yes and I think we will do several TENs, we have customers that are kind of standing by and ready and wanting these aircraft. The certification -- as we talked about before slid from where we wanted to do it. We would originally like to have done at the end of last year and we just couldnt get through that in terms of prioritizing getting the Sovereign through the process, flight testing has taken longer than we expected and we have customers that are waiting for their aircraft. So once the paperwork is done we will certainly get a few deliveries here in the quarter.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: So you delivered eight King Airs in the quarter. Can you give the split between the 350, 250s and the 90s, and maybe give us some -- a little more color on where you expect those three models to be for the year?
Scott Donnelly: I dont know if Ive the exact number here in front of me, it was weighted towards 350s, Cai. And I think the full year will be weighted more towards 350s.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: Okay. Good. And then a last one, so if we back out Beech, you did a 1.8% margin in the first quarter at Cessna and I think your guide is 2.5% to 3% excluding Beech, and seasonally things get better. You are talking about pricing improving. Is that a realistic number? Does that have upside or is there something else happening in terms of the funding of R&D that would make that the real number and not really a bit conservative, which is the way it looks?
Scott Donnelly: I think it's a realistic number, Cai. As always we have said we will have a little bit better incremental volume as we go through the year not dramatically but I think we will also with the TENs coming in, we have a mix thats more oriented towards a combinations of TENs and Sovereigns which is good mix for the business.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: Right, but I guess my point is, if volume is going up and you have a 25% plus incremental margin, and mix is going your way, one would think you would get a little bit more than what is it, 70 to 130 bps off the first quarter given the seasonality you've got.
Scott Donnelly: Again as we look at this right now Cai, we dont see significant increases in terms of quarter-over-quarter. It will be up slightly but not dramatically.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ron Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just a couple of questions to follow-up on the Cessna line of questioning. Scott, can you give us some sort of feel for how demand is for the Latitude? I know it was received well but is there any maybe color you can put around that or numbers or something?
Scott Donnelly: Well we haven't been giving order books specifically by model. We have a number of orders already in the book for Latitude for sure. But I think as we have talked about it before at this stage of the game we really need to have aircraft that are flying and fully outfitted and able to do demos and things of that nature, and really start to build out that order book into 2015. We have the initial aircraft thats up and flying. We have a couple of more that are in process including one of the aircraft which will be fully outfitted with the real interior design and that will be the aircraft which will be going to shows and starting to perform customer demos and I think we won't see a lot of order activity until that aircraft is out there because at this stage of the cycle I think before somebody lays a deposit on a $16 million, $17 million [ph] airplane. They want to see the real airplane, and sit in the airplane and take a flight in the airplane. So we understand that and we have the first couple of aircraft, obviously were more dedicated to flight test programs. Were in the process of building out the first one that will be a customer demo aircraft. 
Ron Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then maybe shifting gears a little bit. How is it, is there an early read yet on how the move into flight simulation has gone with the integrated product, last time I was up in Rhode Island we were talking about how Textron wants to offer an integrated package to the customers with flight simulation. And how is that going?
Scott Donnelly: I would say right now were very happy with how it's going. Our order rate on the simulator side of the business is doing very well. There is a ton of opportunities out there in both the commercial air transport market as well as a number of different business jets and helicopter programs. We already have our first development underway to support our own products that being the Bell-525 simulator. So the team down in Florida is already started to work with the Bell team in the design and development of the 525 sim and so I would say, obviously were only a few months into this thing but I feel very good about where were. The thing is performing as we expected and the order rate seem to be pretty good.
Ron Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great and then maybe one last one, back to defense. My favorite product, the Scorpion. Last time we spoke you had mentioned that maybe by the end-of-the-year a customer would emerge. How do you feel about that still and how is that program going.
Scott Donnelly: So the program is going extremely well. The aircraft is flying terrifically. It's already over last week exceeded it's flight envelope, so we have seen speeds in excess of what were advertising and still had more throttle push for the thing. So the aircraft is flying very, very well. The guys are super happy with it and it's where we expected it to be. We have a lot of marketing, sales activity underway right now. We have conversations going on with a number of different customers. We have had customers that have actually come into Wichita to see the aircraft, so I feel pretty good about where were. But there is a big ways to go to get from that to where somebody signs the dotted line and actually places an order for the aircraft. So by the end of this year I still think thats a possibility. Were working hard to try to make that happen but I would say there is still a lot of work to make it happen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Bergner from Gabelli & Company. Please go ahead.
Justin Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Two questions. First question is in regards to Cessna after market, I realize that's something that you report in more detail annually than quarterly, but how is it tracking as we finish the first quarter and enter the second quarter?
Scott Donnelly: It continues to track positively. I say it's probably up mid-single digit kind of numbers.
Justin Bergner - Gabelli & Company: Nothing out of the ordinary there?
Scott Donnelly: No, you know for that business Justin, if it just kind of continues to march along at that rate thats very healthy. I mean it's really driven by aircraft utilization and people coming in for service activity and what not. So thats one where you kind of expect to see nice steady growth, thats what we have been seeing and expect to continue see on the Cessna side and frankly we expect and just kind of factor that in as well in terms of Hawker and King Air size of business.
Justin Bergner - Gabelli & Company: And my second question is just a little bit more general. You've been in your role now for around four years and you're really taking a big step forward and consolidating the private aviation market with this Beechcraft acquisition. What is the company going to look like in three years from now and what would make you disappointed three years from now if something doesn't transpire as you expect it to?
Scott Donnelly: I think Justin, if you look at whats really going to drive the business over the next few years particularly within the aerospace aviation side of this, be that the aviation segment or Bell, is -- I mean obviously youre doing something like the Beech acquisition is a big deal but I think over the next few years whats really going to drive our success in large part has to do with driving these new product program. So we have the Latitude hitting in 15, we got lot of other activity at Cessna, we will talk about it in the future in terms of new products and when you look over it at Bell you got the 525, the 505. I mean these are big programs that I think are resulting in products that are going to drive a lot of demand and share for our businesses in the market. So those investments were making which are pretty significant right now. You know really are the things that are going to drive our performance improvements over the next few years. 
Justin Bergner - Gabelli & Company: And it's interesting to hear you talk about new product. With respect to Beechcraft, I mean clearly that is an investment that is as large as many of the combined new product investments you are making. What would be the upside scenario in Beechcraft and is it as likely now as it was when you announced the deal?
Scott Donnelly: We certainly feel just as good about it as when we announced it. The market, we think is still performing well for the King Air product line. It's a great product; it's always been very well received. Customers like it and it's a workhorse in that industry. Obviously it's going to require sustained levels of new product investment and R&D and upgrades and just like the jet business does, so there are things that are announced out there that will be upgrades to that product line as it moves forward but I think what we thought we were acquiring in terms of that product is exactly what we got. There have been no surprises whatsoever. I think the brand is still in very good shape, it's a strong brand in the marketplace, good demand for the product and it's a great product. It's exactly what we expected.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: Yes, just a follow-up Frank, to the question earlier. So in the fourth quarter you had $0.20 of operating benefit and $0.35 of restructuring for $0.15 dilution and now we got $0.08, so if you just -- what's changed in that?
Frank Connor: The restructuring number is smaller than the cost that we had thought at the time that we did it. So I think if thats the big delta George is the restructuring charges has come down a bit.
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: Okay. And the operating number is about the same because it closed the same time you thought it would close?
Frank Connor: Yes, I mean the operating number -- those were annualized numbers versus partial year numbers and so that has an impact. As we indicated at the time we were going to have purchase price gross margin impact. We have refined that number, that's now expected to be about $65 million for the year and so I think it's largely a function of the partial year versus the animalization and then the -- a little bit of a change on that restructuring number.  
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: And then just a follow-up Scott for you on the margin. Is your comment that the margin won't go up a lot necessarily in subsequent quarters because the first quarter was somewhat high because of the high level of Sovereign deliveries which won't repeat?
Scott Donnelly: I think the margin rates will be incrementally better George, because we will have obviously the Sovereign, although Sovereign is probably a little stronger in the first quarter than the balance of the year because of the roll over for Q4 but then we also have the TENs based on now getting the certification done. So the volumes will be up slightly through the balance of the year and I think the margin mix will be favorable. So we will see some incrementally better margins.
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: I was trying to follow-up to Cai's point arguing that I agree with his comment that incrementally you would think the margins; your guidance for the year would be low. So I was just trying to argue that maybe the first quarter was a little bit higher because of the Sovereigns, otherwise I still think -- I agree the margin is probably -- your guidance is probably low for the year.
Scott Donnelly: There is no question, we had a lot Sovereigns in the quarter, we probably won't have quite that number of Sovereigns on a go forward basis. We will have the TEN, so I think were just having a friendly debate about how much better should they be.
George Shapiro - Shapiro Research: Okay.
Doug Wilburne: All right George, thanks a lot. And ladies and gentlemen that concludes our call. Thank you for joining us and we will see you next quarter.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-22 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Wilburne  VP, IR Scott Donnelly  Chairman, CEO and President
Analysts: John Godyn  Morgan Stanley Noah Poponak  Goldman Sachs Peter Skibitski  Drexel Hamilton Carter Copeland  Barclays Jason Gursky  Citigroup Robert Stallard  Royal Bank of Canada Cai Von Rumohr  Cowen and Company George Shapiro  Shapiro Research Joseph Nadol  JP Morgan Julian Mitchell  Credit Suisse Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Textron 2013 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) And as a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President, Investor Relations, Mr. Doug Wilburne. Please go ahead.
Douglas Wilburne: Thank you, Tom, and good morning everyone. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. For everybodys reference, our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. During the course of our call, we will be discussing future estimates and expectations including our 2014 outlook. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. We would also like to point out that our 2014 guidance will not include the impact of our planned acquisition of Beechcraft. We will update our 2014 guidance to account for the impact of the acquisition after we have closed the transaction. Moving now to fourth quarter results, starting with slide number three in our earnings presentation. Revenues in the quarter were $3.5 billion, up 4.3% from a year ago. Income from continuing operations was $0.60 per share, compared to $0.50 in last years fourth quarter. This was a few cents higher than we were expecting at the end of December when we indicated that we would likely be below the bottom end of our guidance range as a result of better operating results in our manufacturing businesses. Moving to cash flow, fourth quarter manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $774 million, bringing our full year manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions to $256 million. Full year pension contributions were $194 million, which reflected a $21 million contribution during the fourth quarter. With that, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everybody. Overall, we had a good fourth quarter to close out the year with revenue growth at Cessna, Bell and Industrial and strong cash generation across all our businesses. Moving to our Textron Systems segment, revenues were down in the quarter as expected primarily due to lower UAS and precision weapon shipments in the quarter compared to a year ago. Operationally, Systems had a good quarter with 9.8% margins. We also continued to make progress on the Ship-to-Shore Connector and Canadian Tactical Armored Patrol Vehicle program while continuing to make on-time deliveries on our existing Afghanistan National Army Vehicle contract. In our UAS business, we saw improvement in the operating reliability of our Aerosonde fee-for-service aircraft reflecting installation of Lycoming Build Engines into the fleet. Also within the UAS business we made good progress in the shadow TCDL development program which we believe puts us on track to begin delivering production units in the second half of this year. Finally we closed on the acquisitions of OPINICUS and Mechtronix in December and we are now in the process of combining with our existing military simulation business at AAI to establish the new Textron Simulation and Training Systems business. Jim Takats, the former CEO of OPINICUS is the President of the new unit and with his team he is busy with integration activities and business planning. As we look to 2014 for Systems, we significant top-line expansion led by growth in the UAS revenues, primarily from delivery of TCDL systems and the impact of the Simulation and Training business which should lead to improvement in full year margins. Switching to Industrial, revenues were up 9.5% in the quarter reflecting higher volumes in each of our businesses as well as the acquisitions of Sherman & Reilly and HD Electric at Greenlee. For the year, we posted a 60 basis point improvement in margins on 3.9% revenue growth. Looking to 2014, we are expecting continued margin expansion resulting from solid top-line growth driven by strong auto markets and our continued investments in new products sales and distribution capabilities. Moving now to Bell, plant productivity and execution across our programs improve and that was reflected in our sequential margin recovery in the quarter. We delivered 13 V-22s, 6 H-1s and 75 commercial helicopters, versus 9 V-22s, 6 H-1s and 65 commercial helicopters in last years fourth quarter. During the quarter, the V-22 program was approved which contributed to an increase in overall Bell backlogs. On the FMS front, last week the Department of Defense notified Congress that it intends to sell six V-22s to Israel with the aircrafts expected to be in field in 2016. We continue to pursue a number of additional FMS opportunities for both V-22 and H-1 aircrafts and believe we will have incremental FMS deliveries for both of these platforms. On the commercial front, we delivered 213 helicopters for the full year, up 13% from last years 188 units, reflecting our investment in the products and increased focus on the commercial helicopter market. Looking to 2014, we are expecting a flat top-line at Bell reflecting a decrease in military revenue offset by an increase in the commercial side of business. Margins are expected to be down slightly, reflecting the expected decrease in military margins and continue to back for the manufacturing efficiencies we talked about last quarter. Wrapping up, our operations for U.S Cessna we received FAA certification for our new M2 and Sovereign in the last week of December which allowed us to deliver 12 M2s and eight Sovereigns bringing total jet deliveries in the quarter to 62. This compares with 53 units in last years fourth quarter. For the year, deliveries were down at a 139 jets compared to 181 last year. Looking towards 2014, while we are not counting on a significant change in overall market conditions, we do expect that full year deliveries of the M2 and the new Sovereign Plus introduction of our new 10 will contribute to increase in overall deliveries which should internally do an improvement in profitability. Longer term, we are still expecting overall jet growth to develop as global economies gain momentum and combine with additional new products that are introduced. With our announced acquisition of Beechcraft, we believe we will be in an excellent position to capitalize on the rebound in the business jet and overall general aviation market. To wrap up 2013 in Textron Systems, we continued to innovate on the product front including our expanded Commando family of armored vehicles and development of the next generation of the Shadow M2. We continue to increase our international customer base with finalization of a contract to supply Saudi Arabia with precision weapons. We also made progress on a variety of product opportunities in international military markets which we expect to lead to a number of orders in 2014. And finally we established new business unit in the growing global aircraft simulation training market. At Industrial last years 4% top-line growth reflected our continuing investment and expanded distribution in new products such as the new hybrid-powered Bad Boy Ambush iS at E-Z-GO, and the high productivity AR722T diesel turf mower Jacobsen. And our acquisitions of Sherman & Riley and HD Electric demonstrate our commitment to leverage these businesses for growth and long-term shareholder value. At Bell, we implemented a new Enterprise Resource Planning system and now the rollout was without issues. We believe the new system will contribute to significant improvements in our manufacturing operations over the next several years. We also introduced our new short light single and continued to expand our focus on commercial markets around the world. On the military side, we announced an important new tilt-rotor product, the V-280 Valor and propose that as Bell Solutions from U.S. DODs Future Vertical Lift program. At Cessna, in addition to the M2 and Sovereign, we certified the Cessna TTX the worlds fastest certified fixed-gear single-engine aircraft as well as the Grand Caravan EX. Finally in December, we achieved first light of our Scorpion ISR tactical strike aircraft less than two years from when we launched our design program. In summary, 2013 was an important year with significant new product introductions, strategic acquisitions and investments in the future of our businesses. To finish with our 2014 guidance, we are projecting an overall revenue increase of about 9% with EPS from continuing operations in the range of $2 to $2.20. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions is also expected to increase significantly to a range of $600 million to $700 million. With that, I will turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott and good morning everyone. Manufacturing revenue was up $153 million in the quarter generating an increase in manufacturing segment profit of $26 million. Lets look at how each of the manufacturing segments contributed. Cessna revenues were $923 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of $22 million on a year-over-year basis reflecting the increase in jet deliveries partially offset by a decrease in revenues at Citation X and lower caravan deliveries. We posted an operating profit of $33 million, up $10 million from the fourth quarter of 2012 primarily as a result of improved performance reflecting an unfavorable arbitration award recorded in last years fourth quarter. At Bell, revenues were up $226 million, primarily due to higher volumes across the business. Segment profit increased $1 million as the impact of higher volumes was largely offset by lower military margins and manufacturing inefficiencies related to prior period labor negotiations and the implementation of a new enterprise resource planning system. At Textron Systems, revenue decreased to $162 million, primarily due to lower volumes. Segment profit increased $4 million as improved performance more than offset the impact of the lower volumes. Industrial revenues were up $67 million and segment profit increased $11 million, primarily due to higher volumes. Moving to finance, segment profit was $2 million. Credit quality remained stable with non-accrual accounts at a $105 million flat with the third quarter and 60-day delinquencies were $80 million, $8 million lower than at the end of last quarter. We ended the year with approximately $1.5 billion in receivables with only $185 million remaining in the non-captive portfolio. Moving to corporate items, corporate expenses were $57 million, up $43 million from last year reflecting the impact of  that our higher share price had on compensation expense. Interest expense was $27 million, down $11 million from a year ago primarily reflecting to retirement of our convertible debt earlier in the year. Our tax rate of 23.3% benefited from the impact of lower U.S. income and a number of one-time foreign items. Turning now to our 2014 guidance beginning with pension expense and looking at slide 8. Based on bond rates prevailing at the end of 2013, weve increased our 2014 U.S. plan discount rate to 5%. In combination with 14% returns on planned assets for 2013, unfunded liability of our defined benefit pension plans dropped to $200 million from $1.3 billion a year ago. On this basis, we are estimating 2014 pension cost of about $130 million. This will provide about $45 million in pre-tax year-over-year benefits to the P&L taking into account 2013s higher cost of our inventories and carried over to 2014 and a portion of this years lower cost will be inventories and carried over into 2015. Turning to slide 9, R&D is expected to be approximately $490 million or about 3.7% of sales, down from $511 million in 2013. We are estimating CapEx will be about $425 million, down slightly from last years capital expenditure of $444 million. Flipping to slide 10 which continued to our segment guidance, at Cessna we are expecting about 19% revenue growth reflecting growth in jets and aftermarket with segment margins in the range of 2.5% to 3.5%. At Bell, we are expecting overall revenues will be approximately flat reflecting lower military revenues being offset by higher commercial revenues with expected margins in the range of 12% to 12.5%. At Systems, we are looking for top-line growth of about 20% led by higher UAS revenues with segment margins in the range of 9.5% to 10%. At Industrial, we are expecting 10% revenues growth with the expansion of 2014 margins to be 8.25% to 8.75% range. At finance for forecasting segment profit in the range of $5 million to $10 million in 2014 with minimal upside potential from non-captive asset dispositions, now that those assets are de minimus. Moving below the segment line and looking at slide 11, we are projecting about $150 million for corporate expense, down from 2013 primarily reflecting lower compensation expense related to change in share price. Our interest expense estimate at about $117 million is down primarily as a result of last years retirement of our convertible notes. And next years tax rate is expected to be higher at about 31.5% primarily reflecting the discontinuance of the U.S. R&D tax credit and a higher U.S. income mix. Looking now at slide 12, our 2014 EPS guidance reflects an increase of $0.35 at the midpoint. Lets discuss the major elements driving the increase. Tax headwinds decreased EPS by $0.14, lower expected earnings at Finance represented $0.10 headwind. Improved interest expense provides a pickup of $0.01, the absence of last years restructuring charge at Cessna adds $0.07 and the benefit of lower pension expense is expected to add about $0.11 per share in 2014. And finally the contribution from our underlying manufacturing business is estimated to be $0.40 per share. Tom, that concludes our prepared remarks. So we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question today comes from the line of John Godyn representing Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
John Godyn  Morgan Stanley: Thank you guys for taking my question. First of all, Scott, I was just hoping that now with the past at some time you could talk a little bit about maybe the internal response from the sales force as well as customer response from the announced Beech acquisition?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, I think its been overwhelmingly positive and weve had a ton of interactions with the Beechcraft customers and I think from their perspective this provides  uncertainty with a company thats gone some pretty difficult times. So I think that all the feedback we received has been very, very positive. I think the notion at the customer service and support will be stable through the lifecycle of these products on both the Can aero piece which I think people are fairly comfortable with, but in large part the hawker piece with a lot of customers that were concerned about where that would go has given them a great deal of comfort and the fact that its now in an ownership structure thats long-term committed to the business in general aviation market has been received very, very well.
John Godyn  Morgan Stanley: Great, thats very helpful and I was hoping that, in terms of the 2014 outlook, you could elaborate a little bit on the assumptions or expectations underlying Cessna. In particular, kind of the pricing environment that you see next year or this year, is it getting firmer, just trying to understand the $3.3 billion revenue number a little bit better, think the uptick just within the context to the E-Z comp in 2013 struck us a little bit low and so I was hoping that you could elaborate a bit on that.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think if you look at the 2014, the comparative, first of all Id say, the market is still challenging as I said, I dont think we are expecting any dramatic change in terms of the market dynamic thats out there. So, pricing for us was roughly flat year-over-year, so Id say it has more or less stabilized in terms of where the pricing environment is, most of what we are anticipating in terms of growth is really driven by new products. So as you look into 2014, obviously weve seen very strong demand around the M2 product. The Sovereign did well really at the end of the quarter obviously, the certifications happened very late in the year but will not have a full year of not just the M2 but also the Sovereign of course we are expecting the 10 to certify in the early part of this year. So we expect the full year sales in terms of the Citation 10. So, really the dynamic is, new products matter a lot and as we talked about over the last couple of years our  one of our biggest competitors has been, our installed base have rolled to the new used aircrafts and so as we come out with new products that are differentiated from whats available out there Interviewer he marketplace in terms of the use, the customer reception has been strong and thats really whats driving most of our revenue increase in 2014 which is the full year of those new products that have been well received in the marketplace.
John Godyn  Morgan Stanley: Okay, and if I could just ask a quick one on Systems, the margin outlook for 2014 suggests the margin expansion versus 2013. I was just hoping you could elaborate on whats driving that. Thanks a lot.
Scott Donnelly: There is two parts that are driving it. One is, we are feeling better about where we stand on our fee-for-service contracts in UAS. We certainly had another challenging year in 2013 really driven by this issue of engine reliability. The indications we are getting from the field now that we have got our Lycoming Build motors out there has certainly been on a positive trend. So we are pretty confident that we should experience better performance. Its still a challenging program and we are booking it as your profit but again we dont expect to see the kind of impact weve seen over the last couple of years in terms of losses associated with that program and then the significant piece is that all of that delivery of production TCDL units was really something we originally expected to start delivering in 2013 as a result of the development program. That really moved into 2014 and beyond. So, weve been building those units. Weve been ready to ship those units but we continue to see completing the development contract which is the cost plus low margin contract we expect that to happen here in the first half of this year and so youll see a positive mix in terms of now, this development program with low development margins youll actually see delivery of production units at better margins.
John Godyn  Morgan Stanley:  Very helpful, thanks.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak  Goldman Sachs:  Hey, good morning everyone.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Noah Poponak  Goldman Sachs: Scott, I wondered if you could maybe just elaborate on the comment you just made about not really expecting much of a change in underlying legacy light cabin business jet demand why not what are customers telling you on the ground today? What are the data points you are looking at that you still need to see change, maybe just a little bit more on sort of how things feel and what it can take to finally turn things?
Scott Donnelly: This is a tough one, obviously. Weve been guessing at this for quite a number of years now. The key metrics that we look at obviously continue to be favorable, number of used aircrafts available out in the market continues to go down in terms of both percent and absolute number of aircrafts, so we find that encouraging. The used market has been quite active again and in 2013 in number of transactions. Customer activity, lot of the surveys that people do out there say people are more bullish, certainly in the U.S. Although we continue to be concerned about whats going on around the economies in Latin America and in Europe which are sort of our second and third largest markets classically for those light mid-sized business jets. So, if I looked at our legacy products which are things that we have had in production through the course of the year we are basically seeing a sort of a flattish market in that area. Again, thats an area that we see and are pretty confident about the increased revenue is the fact that we now have full years for some of the new products. But if I look at things like M2s, we know what that is. We did grow our production a little bit about half way through the year because of increased demand for that product. We feel pretty good about where we are on our sovereigns and obviously the 10 certifies, we have original backlog around that product as well. So I think that the safe assumption at this stage is to assume that the market dynamic overall is relatively flat to what it was in 2013 and then all the upside or improvements comes from introduction of new products.
Noah Poponak  Goldman Sachs: So, should we  when we are looking at total Cessna units, should we have 2014 production up something on a percentage basis, something similar to what you are telling us revenues will be compared to 2013 and then have  to think about 2015, its not really changing substantially from 2014 or can you really not  is it sort of short-term still that things could really change significantly still later in the year and its too hard to say?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think, again the assumptions that you make around 2014 on average aircraft pricing and you are going have a mix obviously of M2s which are from a price point obviously towards the lower end of the product range. But you have the 10 and the sovereigns behind. So I think your assumptions are probably not unreasonable in terms of what you think about in terms of unit volumes in 2014. We are certainly not  nowhere near close to 2015 yet, but I wouldnt try to make any assumptions around the market overall. I guess the only commentary I would make with respect to 2015 is that, we certainly expect to have the latitude in the market for full year of sales in 2015. So again along the same lines that way we are thinking about today, all have been equal, these new products are things that really drive growth and we would certainly expect to see growth in 2015 driven by the introduction of the latitude.
Noah Poponak  Goldman Sachs: Okay, I appreciate the color. Ill jump back in the queue. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Peter Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton. Please go ahead sir.
Peter Skibitski  Drexel Hamilton:  Good morning guys. Just a few more questions. Let me start with the maybe the XLS. Scott, when do the final assembly in China start for the XLS? And you maybe not expecting that to be a meaningful up tick XLS deliveries next year or I guess this year?
Scott Donnelly: We do expect in 2014 that we would make the first deliveries to the joint venture for the XLS just as we did for their caravan in 2013, but yes, they are relatively low unit numbers as we are just starting to ramping up that process and working the first couple aircrafts through it. So, we are still in the process of business licenses and starting to generate sales activity in China through that joint venture.
Peter Skibitski  Drexel Hamilton: Okay, got it. And then, can you maybe give us more detail on what Cessna aftermarket growth finished up at in 2014 and whats your assumption is in 2014 and similar question on pre-owned volumes?
Scott Donnelly: So the aftermarket was up again at Cessna in the aftermarket. It wasnt up quite as much as it was in the third quarter. But it was a pretty strong quarter in terms of aftermarket growth. The utilizations have held pretty steady. So that business continues to do well in terms of used aircraft. The dynamic that we saw was still very active market and we certainly saw more aircrafts  a net reduction in our inventory of aircrafts as we sold more than we took in trades.
Peter Skibitski  Drexel Hamilton: It seems like 2014, revenue from pre-owned, are you expecting that to be down or maybe just directionally give us a sense?
Scott Donnelly: Thats probably relatively flat. It was up this year  year-over-year but I would say, probably relatively flat next year.
Peter Skibitski  Drexel Hamilton: Got it. Okay, thanks guys.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator:  Our next question is from Carter Copeland representing Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Carter Copeland  Barclays: Good morning, gentlemen. Just a couple quick ones. On the Bell margin outlook for 2014, I know the sequential improvement in the fourth quarter but I was wondering why that was  what was behind the down year-over-year number there? Is that was just the V-22 in the fourth quarter? Or if that was anymore ERP bleed over from 2013? Any color there would be helpful.
Scott Donnelly: Well, certainly some of it was a bleed over from the earlier quarter in 2013. So as those inefficiencies that we had which we talked about in the largely impacting the second and third quarter, a fair amount of that stuff cost that was inventory which then will bleed out. So its certainly sold as we recognize revenues on aircrafts in the fourth quarter and well see that as we continue our way through 2014 as well. In terms of real-time operations, we have seen improvements in terms of some of that productivity but we still have a long way to go and continue to drive better margins. Obviously, the other dynamic that we have which had some impact in the quarter and will have continuing impact on a go-forward basis is that we are now transitioning into lots of aircrafts that have been negotiated at lower rates than we were achieving in our earlier multi-year contract as a result of accumulated productivity over a period of a number of years.
Carter Copeland  Barclays: Correct. And I wondered if you could just clarify the UAS commentary earlier. You werent expecting to book, are you not booking profits at all or you are just not booking losses, is that the right clarification?
Scott Donnelly: Well, on the fee-for-service we book that at zero profit.
Carter Copeland  Barclays: And your expectation for 2014 is that that will stay that way through the course of the year?
Scott Donnelly: Thats correct. Our expectation is that we will say that way but we will not recognize any further losses on the program.
Carter Copeland  Barclays: Okay, great. Thanks, Ill get back in the queue.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Jason Gursky with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Gursky  Citigroup: Hey, good morning everyone. Frank, I was wondering if you could just help us a little bit with the cadence of revenues throughout the year both at Cessna and its systems, just wondering if the seasonality at Cessna is perhaps going to be a little bit front-end in the past in light of the new deliveries and then the cadence that systems will be helpful given the revenues outlook quite a bit. Just getting a sense of when we are going to see an acceleration of revenues there?
Frank Connor: Yes, I think youll see the same type of seasonality that you have seen at Cessna. It will be impart impacted a little bit by the timing of the certification of the tens which is either a late first quarter or second quarter event. But you will see kind of the same type of back-end strength relative to front-end at Cessna. And at systems, because we expect the TCDL deliveries to be second-half oriented, youll see seasonality there as well where the second half of the year will be substantially stronger than the first half of the year.
Jason Gursky  Citigroup: Okay, great. And then just two quick follow-ups. Actually, how much is the R&D tax credit where  is it that would have sold back in and then the second question is just the R&D trajectory for the enterprise overall beyond 2014 just general trends on up or down relative to 2014 would be helpful.
Frank Connor: Jason, on the R&D credit, Ill get back to you on offline. We dont have that number right in front of us.
Scott Donnelly:  Yes, on the overall R&D it will be program specific at the end of the day in terms of what we are looking at. But I think, in and around these types of R&D levels with some probably modest growth is what you should expect. 
Jason Gursky  Citigroup: Okay, great. Thats helpful. Thank you guys.
Operator: And well go to the line of Robert Stallard, Royal Bank of Canada. Please go ahead sir.
Robert Stallard  Royal Bank of Canada: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Scott Donnelly: Good morning.
Robert Stallard  Royal Bank of Canada: Scott, can you help on Cessna, given your comments on 2014 growth. I was wondering how much of this is actually in the back half already? Do you have any remaining slots for customers at the moment or are these pretty much sold out on the  shifted to  lets say legacy models that is still for sale?
Scott Donnelly: No we have some slots. The M2 as I said earlier, we actually added some production capacity. So we created some slots, so we do have aircrafts that are available for sale this year. Sovereign there are aircrafts that are available. We have some of the backlog and some that will be still be sales that need to convert orders. So our orders to sales in 2014 the tens are pretty well sold to this point. There is probably a couple that could be available in the latter part of the year. So the new product side is  has pretty reasonable backlog in terms of sales.
Robert Stallard  Royal Bank of Canada: Okay, and then secondly on Bell, you mentioned you turned up your contract there. There are some FMS sales floating around. Has this had any impact though on your clarity for 2015 or is it likely be a further added like 2015 and 2017.
Scott Donnelly: 2015 is fairly well set, just in terms of, if you look at lead times frankly, any aircraft deliveries and the V-22 slighted for 2015 will already have had been in production. So I think the 2015 numbers that weve provided you guys will hold where they are thats probably also true at this stage of the game in 2016. So when you see something like the Israeli deal, where they want to take deliveries in 2016, those are units that are actually coming out of the marine core and V-22 stream and so, as the decisions get made in terms of the government about how they want to treat those aircrafts, they are going to add additional that would probably at this point be something that would be a 2017 delivery in terms of any incremental volume opportunities.
Robert Stallard  Royal Bank of Canada: Thanks, so much.
Operator: We have a question from Cai Von Rumohr representing Cowen. Please go ahead.
Cai Von Rumohr  Cowen and Company: So, get us a little color on Cessnas profit looked a little bit light, was there anything in terms of R&D being higher, higher used aircraft losses in the fourth quarter because the incremental margin looks like at 16% relative to the third quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, on a big piece that is, with the certifications both the M2 and the Sovereign we had a lot of cost around the certification and frankly and awful lot of variants in our manufacturing side because of a lot of updates and configurations. We are building these aircrafts and went through certification that was nothing huge but there was a fair bit of a rework that went on to get those into the certification standard. So those are cost that we bore in, in the fourth quarter and of course we also had the citation 10 certification program going in those suite as well. So, it was primarily driven around cost associated to those certifications as well as a fair bit of higher cost associated with the manufacturing efficiencies of having to upgrade and modify those aircrafts as we went through the process.
Cai Von Rumohr  Cowen and Company: Got it. And then, youve indicated that R&D would be 490 in this year down from 511. Were the certification cost included in the R&D in 2013 and what kind of trend should we expect at both Cessna and R&D in 2014?
Scott Donnelly: If you look at R&D, Cai, obviously we dont break the sales, business-by-business, but its safe to say that the majority of the reduction on a year-over-year basis is coming out of Cessna and thats because we did have an awful lot of R&D cost this year associated with the pack that we are doing the M2 and the Sovereign and the 10 certification programs simultaneously. Obviously, as we go into 2014, we still have to complete the certification on the 10, although the majority of that I would say is behind at this stage of the game, but we still have the spending associated with the latitude program and complete the latitude design development and getting into the flight test and that certification program on that front. So, most of that R&D reduction at a corporate level really is coming out of Cessna and its just a function of we rarely have had a time on that. I am not sure weve ever had a time, but weve had that many parallel certification programs that weve been undertaking. And again it wasnt just on the jet business but also on the prop business.
Cai Von Rumohr  Cowen and Company: So, help me understand you are talking about a 400 basis point improvement year-over-year at Cessna and it looks like we get a 100 out of the severance charge, we get close to a 100 out of pensions, we got something out of R&D. So it doesnt looks like you are giving yourselves any credit for the higher volume. Am I missing something there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think if you looked at the sort of the mid-point of the guidance as you are moving to next year, the leverage in terms of the incremental margin to that revenue is going to be in the low to mid-20s.
Cai Von Rumohr  Cowen and Company: Okay, and then you had mentioned that there is a $45 million positive P&L swing in 2014 in pension expense versus it looks like a $96 million decline in pension cost. Could you give us for 2013 and what you are looking forward for 2014 the actual pension expense that will flow through  that will be in the P&L?
Scott Donnelly: I am not sure we have that exact number. On an year-over-year basis its about $45 million and of course the charge or the cost as we outlined on our schedule just $130 million.
Cai Von Rumohr  Cowen and Company: So we are ongoing with this, you are only picking up half of the decline in the cost this year and Frank alluded to the fact that the inventories flow through, should we expect the other $50 million or so to flow through in 2015 if all the assumptions remain the same?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, so, Cai, the math behind it is, we tend to inventory about a third of the pension cost differential that then gets realized in the subsequent year and so we have the benefit of the step down in 2013 to 2014 and well get two-thirds of that benefit flowing through in 2014 but we will continue to have one-third of the headwind that we had from 2012 to 2013 that was inventory and therefore will be realized in 2014 P&L. So, thats the net $45 million. If you then roll into 2015, assuming that we dont have any further change in downward trend in discount rate or negative rates or something, we will realize the remaining one-third of this years benefit and then we will not have  well have whatever the subsequent impact is to that following year. So, we are kind of making up for the headwind two years ago in part this year and then in 2015 it should trend even better assuming things stay on track the way they happen.
Cai Von Rumohr  Cowen and Company: Thank you very much.
Operator: And next we will go to the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please go ahead.
George Shapiro  Shapiro Research: Hi, yes, just following-up on Cais question Scott, why shouldnt the incremental margins be closer to 30% at Cessna kind of versus the low to mid 20 this year, low 20 that you are suggesting on the call.
Scott Donnelly: Well, George, because they are not. I mean, as we go through the numbers and we look at where we are in the market, you take into consideration the mix of the new products legacy products, where we are in terms of pricing in the marketplace. Thats where we end with the incremental that are kind of at the midpoint down there in the  I think its around 23% if you take the midpoint of the guidance. So if we see, obviously, if we see some better volume if we see the change in the market. I think there is upside to that. But we have to see some strengthening in that light to mid-sized market but as we came through 2013 and just the dynamic that we saw which was much softer than we would have expected in 2013. The impacts in terms of  which is sure volume and pricing was quite challenging and so we factor that into our expectations for 2014.
George Shapiro  Shapiro Research: Okay, and then a follow-up on your comment there. If you looked at the orders I mean we saw a big improvement in the third quarter another big improvement this quarter were the orders really were up like 30% plus in the third quarter and certainly the best since 2008. So why wouldnt that suggest that the markets actually really beginning a big pick up here? 
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean, wed like to think that and carry over to 2014, but again, George, if I go back to the latter part of 2012, we certainly thought there was some momentum that we are going to see coming into 2013 and we didnt see that. As a result, we ended up with production schedules and such that we are a lot more difficult than we would have expected and so I think we need to continue as we go into 2014 despite having seen what was certainly a good quarter in terms of order activity that we are going to continue to view that the strength will be around the new products and that it will still be a challenging overall market and therefore the legacy products will be under the same sort of pressure that they were in 2013.
George Shapiro  Shapiro Research: Okay, and then just one quick one on Systems, the revenue guidance you gave is a lot higher than what I would have expected. I know in your commentary you went through some of the things, I mean, is there one or two programs that are substantially increasing at that point in time and whats the mix between international and domestic that you would expect in the 2014 guidance?
Scott Donnelly: Well, the biggest driver in the Systems revenue growth in 2014, George, is around this TCDL program. So we should complete  it will be relatively back-end loaded. We will probably complete the development programs which includes an army test which will happen in the second quarter. So, you wont get sign-off on the development side until probably late in the first half of the year. So that means all that production delivery will be in Q3 and Q4. Most of those assets by the way are manufacturers. So, there is  but there is not an operational risk in terms our ability to deliver on that. Its just a matter of getting through the development program. So that will be all be third and fourth quarter but it is a significant increase in revenue over 2013 and then there is about probably $90 million to $100 million and they are incremental revenues associated with the acquisitions of Mechtronix and OPINICUS in the simulation and training business.
George Shapiro  Shapiro Research: And then Scott, what was the mix between international and domestic in 2014?
Scott Donnelly: In the systems?
George Shapiro  Shapiro Research: Yes.
Frank Connor: I dont think we would expect a big changer because weve got the growth in the TCDL unit there, but we are still on track to get that near 50% in 2015, George.
Scott Donnelly: TCDL, George obviously is all  thats all U.S. army. So thats going to see our number a little bit and that thats sort of demand which would have been split over several years will all be domestic. But if you look beyond that in terms of our orders and our new business activity it is still biased towards the international marketplace, which as Doug said in this year  in 2015 you are looking at more like a 50-50.
Frank Connor: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: We will go to the line of Joe Nadol with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Joseph Nadol  JP Morgan: Thanks, good morning. Scott, just on the mid-sized aircrafts, it seems like you had a decent quarter in particular. XLS really picked up and then some of that timing relative to Q3. Also it seems like the sovereign adds some little more traction is that a fair statement that you try not to get ahead of yourself but things are looking a little better there?
Scott Donnelly:  Well, it was certainly a good quarter in that respect Joe and obviously the introduction in the sovereign helped aircraft available for sale in the fourth quarter and now well have that available for sale throughout 2014 and we do expect good performance on that platform. The XLS did very well in Q4 that was obviously some timing associated around that. But again, as we look at our forecast for 2014 we are assuming that legacy aircrafts and the XLS certainly fits that category and so its a great airplane and it continues to do well in the marketplace. But we are expecting the dynamic for the total year of 2014 to be very similar to what we experienced in 2013 which was pretty soft until we got into that fourth quarter. 
Joseph Nadol  JP Morgan: Okay. And then just one other, on the cash flow, Frank, just looking into 2014, what are the key working capital assumptions to the $600 to $700, in particularly what are you assuming add-ins within the category at Bell and Cessna?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, the working capital is about flat. So there is no real change in working capital. We would expect it  we will continue to see some inventory improvement at Bell and Cessna here earlier in the year. And so we are always going to be seasonal from a cash flow standpoint but better seasonality, certainly than we saw last year, but kind of given our expectations that those businesses will continue to show out year growth wed expect then some kind of reversal of that that you will see later part of the year as we build into 2015 kind of particularly as we get ready for instance for the latitude launch and then other new product launches. So, kind of overall flat with some dynamic around seasonality during the year.
Joseph Nadol  JP Morgan: And what was the  can you quantify, versus maybe your expectations a year ago. The inventory build in those two businesses during 2014. how much that caused you, just in terms of Cessna deliveries not meeting your original expectations and then the issues you had at Bell.
Scott Donnelly: Joe, I think from a straight working capital management standpoint between the sort of the overbuild at Cessna part of which obviously liquidated in the fourth quarter but not fully to where we would like to have been. We had a couple of hundred million dollars of working capital different than where we would like to have been and I think what Frank is saying, is as we go through 2014 we certainly expect that we will address that issue and that we will fix that working capital problem, but it is going to be pressured as we get into the latter part of next year particularly around Latitude. We done our first engine on that aircraft. It should be flying here very soon and well be into the flight test program and driving towards certifications early in 2015 obviously to get a full year sales in 2015 means we are going to go ahead and turn that production line on. So well be building out those aircrafts but we won't be able to sell those aircrafts, deliver those aircrafts until that certification happens. And so that will happen probably in the very early part of 2015 but well be carrying a full production line with revenues. So I think we have a plan on how we are going to address. So what I would as the overall working capital mix in 2013 but we are going to be pressured around some of the inventory particularly around the latitude at Cessna in 2014.
Joseph Nadol  JP Morgan: Okay, thank you.  
Operator: Next we go to the line of Julian Mitchell representing Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell  Credit Suisse: Hi, thank you. I think its clear you are not going to change your incremental margin guidance on Cessna based on the last 15 questions. But I guess if you look at the  I just want to focus on the impact of the ramp up of the new jet. So how does that affects the incremental of Cessna, sort of year as a whole in 2014 and in particular in the first half. So I guess you have some better pricing but then at the same time you have got costs associated with the ramp up maybe some fixed cost on absorption early on.
Scott Donnelly: Actually, and thats what  I think, Cai and Georges questions are good. I mean, its easy to  we can go through some of the beneficial things that should be flowing through the P&L and try to justify a higher number and I guess the bottom line is while we expect and the new products like the M2 and the Sovereign are good in delivering good gross margin in terms of product lines, there are no issues associated with those recurring cost on the programs but as we have introduced and you ramp these new products we have had inefficiency this year around the models we made go into certification. We would expect some of that will bleed off obviously as we go through the beginning of the new year, but the real issue here is that, despite those better volumes and fairly good confidence with respect to new product programs we think that the pricing environment the challenges in the legacy product given the dynamics in the marketplace, its still going to be pretty tough and so as we factor that in. Thats where we end up with the guidance number that we are giving you guys and we would over to see that be the better number and if we see some turn in the market I think we can make that happen but we were kind of burned by the going from 2012 into 2013 and so I think we are going to be very conservative about our perspective of what the overall market is doing as we go from 2013 to 2014.
Julian Mitchell  Credit Suisse: Sure and then, within Cessna off the market, it sounds like you think, this will be a pretty flattish demand here. I guess if you kind of activity take-offs and landings and so when you got some better news I guess particularly in markets like Europe versus the nine or twelve months ago the U.S. is pretty stable. I just wonder why it is you think the market is be kind of flattish.  
Scott Donnelly: I think the commercial be up a bit at Cessna but  I mean the fleet does continue to grow a bit ADUs in the US have been quite stable kind of 0.68, 0.67 as weve grown through the  as to what happens in the European markets or the Latin American market, I think there is  its still bit of a wild card. But we are assuming low to mid-single-digit growth in the service business on a year-over-year basis.
Julian Mitchell  Credit Suisse: Got it. Thanks and lastly just on Systems. You got a pretty healthy profit increase in for 2014. Is thats something we should see straight off from the beginning of the year, or you think there will be some lumpiness around that?
Scott Donnelly: I think it will be more back-end loaded, Julian, again primarily driven by the fact that the dynamic on the UAS business is transitioning from this development program which is a very low margin program to the delivery of the production programs which are reasonable and normal production sort of margins. But all those deliveries will be in the third and the fourth quarter of the year.
Julian Mitchell  Credit Suisse: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Jeff Sprague representing Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: Thank you. Good morning. Just a couple quick follow-ups. Scott, has there been any change in just the tenor of order activity around actually getting the sorts is that something really  to a significant degree for the sales effort or not really.
Scott Donnelly: You dont know  Jeff, I dont think the dynamic and people knew they were coming and very close communication with customers for quite some time in terms of the status of those things that the fact that it happened so late in the year, probably cut a few aircrafts out that we would do. Otherwise I have expected to get delivered, but that was just more around  it became such a compressed schedule right there at the end to just try to physically make the transition happen obviously we got a quite a few aircrafts sold in a very short period of time. I mean, essentially, of course the book showing the 28. So that one with window we are able to title and transfer 20 aircrafts between M2s and sovereigns. So, but I think it had happened earlier in the quarter, clearly there was an opportunity that we would have sold a few more aircrafts. I would say in terms of on a go forward basis, Jeff, its a biggest issue that will drive orders and backlog particularly as we look into 2015 is getting the latitude flying. So that aircraft, once it starts being able to demo the aircraft that will start to generate some order momentum and we saw that on the Sovereigns M2. So once you have aircrafts that are out flying and able to do some demonstration and get up to shows and get it around the customers, you do need to have that to start generating the order momentum.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: Great, but Im just wondering on Bell, anything to be aware of their margin trajectories flows out over the year, and second the carryover inventory cost on the labor disruptions plus as we roll into the multi-year is there any  the new multi-year is there any long lead time stuff that weighs on margins in 2014 as we start the kind of movement to 2015?
Scott Donnelly: I think we are probably a little more pressured in the early part of the year. In part we are recognizing now some of these lower margin military programs, particularly in the H1s some V-22 pressure as you move through the course of the year. But because more of o our volume is going to be dependent on the commercial business. Now as you know that commercial does tend to  from a seasonality standpoint tend to be loaded more towards the latter half of the year and particularly a lot of the larger helicopter programs which tend to be the larger generator of profits in terms of the overall mix will be more skewed towards the back of the year. So, its going to be not a wild swing, but I would say will be more pressured in the earlier part of the year on a Bell margin that we would be in the third, fourth quarter.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: Okay, but for the multi-year that extended work expecting a step-down in 2015 we really feel that calendar 2015 and V-22 margins there is no kind of no early lead time stuff that starts to impact 2014.
Scott Donnelly: Now because, we do this when we recognize revenue. Now we do have some aircraft that will be delivered in the fourth calendar year of 2014 which is under that FY 2015 government calendar. So there will be some multi-year to deliveries and that will be in the fourth quarter of this year.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: Okay, and then just finally on V-22, at this point its still unclear but you would expect that the U.S. government makes the marine whole and the six unit that are going to the Israel that ultimately be made hold somewhere later in the program?
Scott Donnelly: Well, thats certainly the marine courses expectation, I would just caveat that was subject to all the budget stuff thats going on. I think that remains to be definitized.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: Okay, thanks for color Scott.
Operator: We have a question from Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open sir.
Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank:  Thanks, I did have just a couple follow-ups, one on Bell first. Can you give us a sense of the total revenue you have there with respect to the refurb and aftermarket services that the army does that stand down their fleet?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, if you look at the program, in total its typically a little under $100 million a year of revenue between refurbishments, new cabin builds, spare parts and service.
Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank: And probably a little better than or better than the Bell average I would imagine?>
Scott Donnelly: No, its probably about normal, if you look those total mix between new builds and spare parts.
Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank: Okay and the other follow-up was, you talked about the second half systems deliveries and just wanted to confirm, is that expectation in the backlog today or its in the plan but we are waiting for it to land in the backlog? Im just curious in terms of the visibility?
Scott Donnelly: I am sorry, which program?
Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank: On the second half systems.
Scott Donnelly: Oh, yes, I am sorry. No, we had those programs, those contracts have been in-house for quite sometime and as I said, the units have actually been manufactured. So, its just we havent done condition because we cant transfer title until after weve completed the development piece which is a separate contract. But we actually have two separate production contracts that we already have in-house for the production units of TCDL.
Myles Walton  Deutsche Bank: Okay, perfect. Thanks.
Frank Connor:  Operator, before we go to our final or follow-up call, I just wanted to clarify on the question from Jason relative to the R&D tax credit that, in 2013 we had about $11 million of a tax credit related to 2012 plus another $15 million remain related to 2013. Obviously that is now taken on in terms of our 2014 tax rate. So with that we will take our final call operator.
Operator: All right, our final question today will come from the line of Peter Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton.
Peter Skibitski  Drexel Hamilton: Yes. Scott, just on the Bell commercial helicopter outlook I know you said, its up for 2014 thats your expectation, but we had kind of a blow out this year particularly on the 407 and 429 was very strong. I am just wondering what is giving you the confidence that those that continue to see growth in 2014 on the Bell commercial side if its primarily oil and gas or if you see other end-markets improving as well.
Scott Donnelly: You know, its really been the growth and our order book has really been across the board. So oil and gas has been strong. Emergency medical service has been quite good and as I said, weve seen significant growth in the 40. Now the 407GX product has done extremely well in the marketplace and have been very competitive and I expect well continue to see that the 429. Volumes have been up and we expect to see those volumes up again. The receptivity of the product particularly with the extra 500 pounds which weve seen approved in many markets around the world we are still working on that with the FAA for the US market. But most markets outside of US and Europe have given the additional 500 pound gross weight increase and that product is doing extremely well in a very broad range of markets. So, the strength in terms of whats going on in the helicopter market has been good and our share as a result of the new product has been growing.
Peter Skibitski  Drexel Hamilton: Very good. Thanks very much.
Frank Connor: Okay that concludes our call for today. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay starting at 10:00 a.m. this morning and running through April 15, at midnight. You may access the AT&T Executive Playback service at any time by dialing 1800-475-6701 and entering the access code if 265928. International participants may dial 320-365-3844, Those numbers again 1800-475-6701 International participants dial 320-365-3844 please enter the access code of 265928. That does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-18 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Management Committee and Member of Executive Committee Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division George Shapiro Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Charles Clarke - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Textron Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Doug Wilburne, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Douglas R. Wilburne: Thank you, Roxanne, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Moving now to third quarter results, starting with Slide #3. Total revenues in the quarter were $2.9 billion, down 3% from a year ago. Our income from continuing operations was $0.35 per share, down from $0.48 in the third quarter of 2012. Third quarter manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $269 million compared to $153 million in last year's third quarter. We contributed $60 million to our pension plans during the quarter. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott C. Donnelly: Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everybody. Third quarter revenues were down as growth at Bell, Industrial and Textron Systems was more than offset by decline in Cessna as the light to mid-sized business jet market remained soft. Operationally, we saw good performance at Systems and Industrial. At Cessna, despite cost actions that we implemented in the second quarter, our results reflected continuing weakness in the business jet market. Margins and revenue at Bell were below our expectations due to manufacturing efficiencies associated with labor disruptions resulting from negotiations with our UAW bargaining employees in Fort Worth and with the implementation of a new enterprise resource planning system. The factory inefficiencies had a negative impact on cost and our ability to ship aftermarket spare parts. This did not prevent our downstream and final assembly and completions centers for meeting our aircraft delivery commitments. The labor issue is now behind us as this past weekend our employees did ratify a new 5-year contract. However, we will not fully recover with respect to margins in the fourth quarter as higher-cost work in progress makes its way to our production lines and as we continue the ERP integration process. From a market perspective, we saw another significant increase in our commercial business during the third quarter with 54 units delivered, up from 46 last year. Recent notable successes were Bell commercial products around the globe, including the first deliveries of our 407GX into both Poland and Russia; 7 orders for new helicopters at the 2013 Jet Expo show in Moscow; delivery of the first 2 429s into the U.K.; a purchase agreement signed at 2013 Helitech show in London for up to 20 helicopters for a large global operator; and orders for 14 helicopters in China. On the new product development front, we continue to make progress on our short light single and 525 Relentless programs and remain on track to fly both of these new aircraft by the end of next year. On the military side, we delivered 10 V-22s and 7 H-1s in the quarter compared to 11 V-22s and 5 H-1s in last year's third quarter. During the quarter, we successfully demonstrated the V-22's ability to function as an air refueling tanker, which will enhance its versatility and value by expanding its mission set for future applications. We also recently announced a number of important teaming partners on our V-280 platform for the joint multi-role tech demonstration program, including Lockheed Martin, General Electric, Moog and GKN. Moving to Cessna. Demand continues to be soft in the light to mid-sized business jet segment as we delivered 25 jets in the quarter, down from 41 last year. Cessna recorded a segment loss of $23 million as a result of the low volume and a number of headwinds in the quarter, including used aircraft valuation adjustments. Looking forward and taking into account where we are year-to-date at the current state of the business jet market, we're taking a more conservative view of Cessna full year deliveries. Despite the lack of a near-term recovery, we continue to believe that the global light to mid-sized jet market is a growth market in the long term, and we remain committed to our strategy of investing in new products. On that front, we're on track to certify and begin delivering the M2 and the new Sovereign this quarter. And we're on track to certify and deliver the world's fastest commercial jet, the new Citation X, in the first quarter of next year. Our new wide-body Latitude is also on track to our first scheduled flight for next year as we completed wing mate on our first test aircraft this past quarter. So we believe we're doing the right things for the future success of the business with respect to attractive new products, competitive cost structure, superior service network and expanded sales coverage. Moving now to our Finance segment. Our captive business is performing well, although the loan originations have been light, consistent with the soft new jet sales at Cessna. On the noncaptive side, we continue to liquidate remaining assets at levels favorable to book value, which benefited segment profit in the quarter. Shifting to Industrial. We saw good top line growth, reflecting growth in auto markets and the impact of the Sherman & Reilly acquisition last quarter at Greenlee. We also had good execution with an overall margin improvement of 170 basis points. On the new product front, during the quarter, we introduced our new hybrid-powered Bad Boy Ambush iS. The vehicle gives customers 3 power modes, gas for long range, electric for quiet approach, important to hunting applications for our hybrid mode for greater power. Moving to Systems. Revenues were up slightly over last year, reflecting growth in our precision munitions product line, and margins improved, reflecting better performance across most of the businesses. On the vehicle front, preparations for the Canadian Forces' Tactical Armoured Patrol Vehicle program continued with customer testing and training activities progressing well on the first 5 preproduction vehicles. We also signed an order for 28 COMMANDO armored vehicles for the Colombian National Police force. And we're actively working with a number of customers around the world on other vehicle opportunities. On the precision munitions front, we continued to deliver product to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia under a contract that was definitized during the quarter. And we have a number of international opportunities under active discussion. With respect to fee-for-service UAS program, we continue to experience unacceptable quality from our engine supplier. Therefore, we've decided to transition the manufacturer of that engine into Lycoming, which we believe will allow us to improve performance on the contracts. Looking forward across Systems, we have a substantial amount of global sales activity underway and continue to believe this business can maintain a flat to slightly growing top line over the next several years. To wrap up, the third quarter was disappointing with respect to performance at Bell and the continued lack of sales strength at Cessna. The Bell labor situation has been resolved. And this will allow the Bell management team to return their focus to ERP integration and improving factory productivity. We expected to get our M2 and Sovereign models certified. And that should provide a nice pickup for Cessna revenue and profit in the fourth quarter. Overall, we are seeing improved performance at Systems and we'll continue to pursue global sales opportunities. Finally, in Industrial, we demonstrated solid execution and we should expect to see top line growth and margin going forward. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank T. Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Manufacturing segment profit in the quarter was $195 million, down $59 million from the third quarter of 2012 and a $65 million decrease in manufacturing revenues. Let's look at how each of the segments contributed, starting with Cessna. Revenues at Cessna were down $185 million on a year-over-year basis, reflecting lower new jet volume, partially offset by growth in aftermarket revenue. The segment had a loss of $23 million compared to a profit of $30 million in last year's third quarter. At Bell, revenues were up $87 million, primarily due to higher military and commercial volumes. Segment profit decreased $34 million, primarily reflecting unfavorable performance associated with the labor disruption and ERP system integration issues. At Textron Systems, revenues increased $5 million, primarily due to higher volumes in Weapons and Sensor products, partially offset by lower UAS and Marine & Land Systems volumes. Segment profit increased $14 million, reflecting good performance across most of Textron Systems' product lines. Industrial revenues increased $28 million, primarily due to the impact of acquisitions and increased volumes at our fuel systems business. Segment profit increased $14 million, primarily due to the improved performance and the higher volume. Moving to Finance. Total Finance receivables ended the quarter down $94 million from the prior quarter. This segment had a profit of $13 million. Nonaccrual accounts ended the quarter at $105 million while 60-day delinquencies ended at $88 million. Moving to corporate items. Corporate expenses were $34 million in the quarter, down $4 million from last year. Interest expense was $25 million, down $6 million from last year, primarily reflecting the retirement of our convertible debt this past May. Moving to cash flow. We generated $269 million in free cash flow, which reflected better working capital performance. To wrap up, as Scott discussed earlier, we are reducing our outlook for the year at Bell and Cessna. On this basis, we are now targeting full year manufacturing cash flow from operations before pension contributions in the range of $200 million to $300 million with pension contributions of about $200 million. And we are adjusting our full year EPS outlook to a range of $1.75 to $1.85 per share. That concludes our prepared remarks. So operator, we can open the lines for questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Peter Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Hey, Scott, can you give us a sense of how the government shutdown is expected to impact your fourth quarter? It sounds like you don't think it will have any impact at all.
Scott C. Donnelly: I don't think it will, Peter. I mean, obviously, we had some concerns in the early part of the shutdown just because the FAA and the government inspectors are pretty important. Frankly, on the military side, the DCMA did provide inspectors an on-site support for the Bell folks even when the shutdown was going on. And now that the thing is over, any concerns we would've had around FAA and certification has pretty well been alleviated. So I would say no impact.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And the issues that you'd had previously on the Garmin avionics for the new programs, those are resolved as well?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, that's correct. Those have been resolved. And the M2 and Sovereign and Citation X test flights and [indiscernible] have been progressing very well.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then I just wondered what your sense is in terms of if you could sort of bifurcate your thoughts on the market versus kind of your stiffer pricing terms that you've been implementing out there.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, as we've talked about sort of coming into -- after the first quarter, Peter, we stopped doing a lot of the very deep discounting that, I think, was helping to create some demand in the marketplace. As we went through the second quarter, obviously, we saw the impacts of that in significantly reduced deliveries. We pretty well held those prices, both sequentially and year-over-year in terms of third quarter, so we're keeping the pricing around where we expected it to be. And I think, as a result, we're just seeing what's the normal market out there as opposed to dragging people into it that aren't ready to do upgrades or trade-in activity. And so that's reflecting in lower volume, which again, I think, for the long term is healthy for the market. We've got to let this cycle play through. Certainly, as we went through the third quarter, we continued to see a fairly active used market, a lot of transactions that are happening over there. I mean, in our case, we certainly sold more aircraft than we took in trades, and we continue to see the number of used aircraft available for sale, particularly in those relatively newer aircraft, continue to bleed down. So I think at this stage of the game, we're not happy with where we are in the cycle, but we're letting the cycle play through.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And comps essentially are easier for you from here on out in terms of having new aircraft to market. Would you agree with that?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes. I don't think there's any question. When you look at the M2 and the new X, had a very nice receptivity. And again, we're not competing against relatively new used aircraft. The Sovereign, obviously, we've been out there now doing demo flights over the last few months and have started to book orders on that. And we still have orders to go here for the fourth quarter. But yes, I think there's no question that new product does matter in the market and does help to create demand and stimulate people to do upgrades and trade-ins.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Scott, staying on the Cessna front, I saw your backlog there was up versus last quarter. I was wondering if you could comment on where that might have come from.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, we continue to book orders for sales that will be either fourth quarter or going forward. Obviously, we started to see some Sovereign orders come into the backlog and had no sales in that area. We continue to see some sales activity around M2s and Latitude. So in general, Robert, I'd say it's just kind of a -- sales activity has gotten better. Certainly, it got a little bit better in the September timeframe. And as a result, again a part of it unfortunately is fairly low deliveries in the third quarter, generated some positive book-to-bill.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then secondly on Cessna, there was a comment you said about a negative adjustment due to pricing. I was wondering if you clarify what the situation is there. And also maybe in conjunction with that, what you are seeing in terms of pricing in the used market.
Scott C. Donnelly: So pricing on new aircraft was pretty stable, not a lot of change there from where we were in the second quarter. There does continue to be softness in the used market in terms of pricing. So I think if you look at BRF and blue book, we continue to see downward motion. So that did result in several million dollars of residual write-down of used aircraft beyond what we saw, let's say, in the second quarter. So I'd say there's still softness, a lot of activity and quite a lot of transactions but still softness in the pricing in the used market, but I would say stability in terms of pricing in the new market.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then just thirdly, you mentioned on Textron Systems, you are still confident that it's a flat to up environment. Are you anticipating a more negative drag from sequester within that forecast?
Scott C. Donnelly: As we look across those business segments, Robert, so first of all, the precision munitions business is virtually entirely driven by international sales. So there's really nothing going on there from a sequester standpoint. The same is largely true in our Marine & Land Systems business. Most of the sales, particularly in the vehicle side of the business, international at this point, we do have the Ship-to-Shore Connector program, which is a U.S. government program. Although at this point, that's in the development phase, so it's not a lot of money. The business which is most subject to annual budgets and U.S. budgets really is in our UAS business, although we haven't seen really an impact at this point of sequestration. And we do have some intelligence in the software businesses, where we have seen some reductions in the number of licenses and things like that. But at this point, Robert, we certainly have not seen anything material from, that I would say, directly from a sequestration impact.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Gursky with Citi.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: 2 quick questions. Scott, can you just update us all on the cadence of V-22 volumes as we move out over the next couple of years? And then I'd also be curious to know -- well, there's been some press reports about Beechcraft potentially being for sale. Are you aware of Beechcraft being for sale at this point?
Scott C. Donnelly: So on the firsthand, with respect to V-22, the multiyear -- and I know there's been a couple of people with questions, so I think a couple of aircraft moved in terms of which year they're delivered. And there's nothing particularly special going on there. It's just when the contract was definitized, the number of deliveries per year moved a little bit from what was originally discussed. But the multiyear contract made pushing aircraft between years. But it still is unchanged with respect to the 99-plus, so far one of the options which has been exercised. So there's no material change in terms of the multiyear, too. With respect to Beechcraft, look, we see the things in the paper. I know there's a lot of rumors and whatnot banging around. Look, our view of Beechcraft is the same as we've discussed in the past. There's certainly interest that we would have in some of those assets in terms of the status of what's going on. And all the rumors in the articles, I guess, at this point, I wouldn't comment on any of that.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And on the V-22, is there any way for you to offer a specific cadence for the next several years just to make sure we all model it correctly?
Scott C. Donnelly: We can certainly do that. I'm not sure I would do it on the call. But I mean, we -- again, it's a contract, it's a program record. And if there's any confusion out there as to how many aircraft in which years, we can certainly put something out that clarifies that.
Frank T. Connor: I mean, it's in our presentation, Jason. It's 36 next year and 22 in '15.
Operator: We have a question from the line of John Godyn with Morgan Stanley.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Scott, I was hoping to ask about how you're thinking about breakeven margins at Cessna. And what I'm getting at is, of course, the environment is soft, but you've also changed your pricing strategy a bit. You also continue to sort of restructure and try to drive productivity improvements. How many jets do we need to sell in a quarter to hit breakeven more or less?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, look, it's a tricky question because obviously it depends a lot on the mix. What I can tell you is that the way we see it right now is given where the market has been, the amount of activity that's out there right now, we feel that about the midpoint of where we're guiding to you guys would basically reflect sort of a breakeven year for Cessna.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. That's very helpful. And I was also hoping to follow up on Bell margins. I thought I heard you say that margins wouldn't recover in the fourth quarter. I was hoping that you could just sort of elaborate on the specific impact of what's going on with ERP. And if we look out sort of a year from now, should we see margins kind of recover to what we saw earlier this year? I'm just trying to kind of understand some of the nuance there.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, so the issue for us, of course, is that obviously you saw some of the margin impact in this quarter as a result of higher cost. But at the same time, obviously we're a relatively long-cycle manufacturing business. And so there's a fair bit of product that is work in progress, which is then executed at that higher cost with those inefficiencies. And so that will turn into revenue here as we go forward, which is why we said we would not expect a lot of change in terms of margin rate going through the fourth quarter. I don't think we want to get into 2014 guidance at this point. But needless to say, we're going to be pressured in terms of the margins as we go through the balance of this year and in the beginning of next year as that higher-cost, less-efficient production works its way through into revenue, which will happen over the course of the next year. So the margin rates, I think if you look at it year-to-date, where we are on Bell is at around probably an aggregate of about 12.5%. And that's probably a number that we would expect to see through the balance of this year.
John D. Godyn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And is there anything you can tell us just to add clarity to the kind of the impact this quarter from the labor disruption as opposed to the ERP?
Scott C. Donnelly: Jason, it's very difficult because these things are sort of compounding problems, right, when you're going through one of these big IT implementation systems. We've run into a number of issues in the implementation and just sort of working our way through those challenges. And when you do that, you need to do a certain amount of sort of brute force to try to keep things going. And unfortunately, what we ran into was, at the same time, we needed to have kind of that brute force to work our way through it. We went through a labor disruption. So it'd be very, very difficult to say how many dollars is attributable to one versus the other. I think the thing we're focused on at this point is at least we have the labor issue behind us. And now we have the human resources and our ability to get our hourly workforce focused on delivering output and the management team focused on resolving those issues that we still have outstanding on the integration of the ERP system, whereas up until now, frankly, our management team and salaried teams were working most of their day jobs during the day and were working a lot of overtime and weekends to try to help make sure we got deliveries completed for customers because we didn't have the ability to get our hourly team in there doing the production work. So hard to tease out exactly. And really the impact here is, I think, we can kind of handle one or the other. The fact that we had them both at the same time was a pretty serious blow.
Operator: We have a question from the line of John Nadol with JPMorgan.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First, at Bell, Scott, were there -- or Frank, were there -- was there a negative cumulative adjustment taken on any of your major programs that was going to enable you to bounce back a little bit in Q4? Or is this all just regular way of improvement we're expecting sequentially?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, I'm not sure I have the data to say any kind of a -- are you talking about a kind of cume catch or [indiscernible] adjustments?
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, on H-1 or V-22.
Frank T. Connor: No, there was no meaningful negative adjustment. It kind of was prior-period adjustment.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just on the spares issue, you've highlighted for a couple of quarters, or maybe 2 or 3, the ERP system and how that's negatively impacted your ability to ship. Is the spares demand still where it was? Because some others had been talking about significantly lower aftermarket demand in the military side for rotorcraft.
Scott C. Donnelly: No, our demand actually has been up. So as a result, we've actually been building some backlog in terms of spares. So just to be clear, we kind of went through -- again, this is sort of a -- I hate to make this messy, but we had sort of a 2-step a process here, okay? The initial problems we talked about with respect to spares in the early part of the year when we first turned on our new system really had to do with our inability to ship. And when I say that, I mean that the IT system in terms of generating demand, people knowing what parts to go in and get off the shelf and put it in a box and ship it to our customers, we had a lot of those sorts of issues when we first started our new IT system. Those have largely been resolved. So the issues we have now in terms of building backlog is these are parts that we need to be manufacturing. And so the slowdowns and the inability to get enough hours into the factory to actually build the parts has what's been now slowing down our deliveries. So it's purely a matter now of working the stuff through and getting the volume out of the factories. It is not in any way, shape or form demand-related. We've actually been building backlogs. So there are demand for those parts, we've just got to get them through the factory.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then over at Cessna, just on the valuation adjustment, you said it was several million dollars larger than the one you took in Q2. So it was double-digit? Because I thought you said $8 million in Q2.
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes. And I think we were about $11 million. If you look at forfeiture deposit and used aircraft valuation, that was about minus $11 million.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just finally on the cash flow, you took it down by $100 million to $200 million, which is obviously more than the reduction in earnings. How much of that is the residual issues at Bell roughly? And how much of that is either incremental used aircraft or white tails that you expect to have at Cessna?
Scott C. Donnelly: I'd say it's predominantly related to our view on the number of Cessna deliveries we'll have. So we'll have more finished goods inventory at Cessna than we would have originally expected.
Operator: Our next question comes from Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Scott, somewhere in the call on Cessna, you made the comment letting the cycle play through, which was -- and the timing of that is obviously the million-dollar question here. So I just wondered if, big picture, you could walk us through your own latest version of attempting to quantify how much longer that actually takes?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, Noah, certainly we are watching the number of used aircraft available for sale. That's, I think, one of the key, if not the most significant indicator at this point. And I think there's 2 reasons for that. Obviously, one, as we look at new aircraft that we're introducing for which there are either none or virtually no used aircraft that are like that kind of a product, we see a pretty strong uptake of the product. In the cases where we're still selling a product, where there's a significant competition out there in terms of relatively new used aircraft, we still see sluggish behavior in that marketplace. And so I think we watch that number pretty carefully. And certainly, there's some volatility as you see aircraft kind of coming in and going out of the market. But in general, we continue to see the number of used available-for-sale, particularly in that less than 5-year category, continuing to drop. Now the pace of that is not as fast as we like, but it does continue to go down.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So when you're looking out to 2014 for Cessna production, I know it's still October, do you sort of have a law of small numbers situation, where Cessna almost has to be up a decent percentage just because the starting point is so low and you have these multiple new product intros? Or can some of those legacy programs, where you still have a used product issue, decline enough to actually keep the total production number closer to flat or even down again?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, look, Noah, I hope it's a combination of both of those things. I mean, let me just give you anecdotally, if you look at something like a CJ4, okay, which has been out there in the market for a while, and certainly as you came out of '08, in the '09, '10, '11, you had a fair number of used aircraft available for sale that were CJ4s. We came into this year with around 9 of those that were out there on the market. And I think you saw CJ4 sales were pretty tough in the first couple of quarters. And we got down at the end of this quarter, we're sitting there where we know of 1 used CJ4 out there that's less than 5 years old and we see 8 sales of new CJ4s. So I mean, there's certainly a correlation of activity between what's out there that we're competing with in the used market versus what we can sell on the new. So I do think that that trend in terms of our volume, we certainly have expectation that will continue to pick up as you see these used aircraft go away. On the other hand, certainly not by design, we're working off a very low base. So yes, at some point, the absorption of those used aircraft is going to turn into demand for new aircraft. And again, on the new models, if you'll again choose a perfect example, right, that we don't have M2s out there in the market. There are no used M2s available because it's a brand-new product. And as a result, we've seen very strong uptake in terms of order generation. So I think part of it is absolutely, look, we are working off a very low base. And if you go back and you look at historical cycles and sort of average out how many aircraft should go into the market, we're on the way low side of that right now, just given where we are in the cycle. And so we would expect sort of it has to go up, right? But again, I think the -- we've been thinking that for a while, Noah. I mean, let's be honest. It's gone down lower than we would have ever imagined it to go down in terms of number of new aircraft being sold into the market. And I don't just mean Citation. I mean, you look at the whole market, right? I mean, the number of new aircraft in light to mid from anybody is, all total, is a very small number. So I think that it would tell you that eventually the cycle has to move in the other direction. And of course, I think the new product will help that.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Just one other one on Systems. With the fee-for-service product, I'm just curious if you can talk about the risk you see of cost implications as you are making that switch back internally or if you expect that to be fairly smooth.
Scott C. Donnelly: No, I would expect it to be fairly smooth, Noah. It's going to be accomplished in several phases, right? So to start with, we've been able to bring in already some of the manufacturing, where we were experiencing pretty significant quality issues. But in that case, I mean, in large part, we are manufacturing to the same sort of design criteria. And I think there are opportunities beyond just manufacturing at higher quality but also putting some design improvement into this product to make it a more robust product. And so that will happen here over the next 6 to 12 months as we go forward. So the cost side of this thing, Noah, is not something I worry. I mean, obviously, we're spending some money to do that. But that's not the big issue here. I mean, the issue for us has just been when you lose -- when one of these engines fails, you lose an aircraft. And so the cost of loss of that aircraft, which is both airframes and sensors and navigation systems, that cost is quite significant compared to the trivial amount of cost of actually manufacturing this engine. So that's what's unfortunate with this thing. I mean, we have a system out there that's a very complicated system. It involves control systems and launchers and obviously airframes and communication systems and navigation systems, all of which are working fabulously, but the weak point in the system is this engine. So it's not costing us a lot. We couldn't spend too much right now to make that engine work.
Operator: Question from Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So just maybe a yet even bigger-picture question. So Scott, when you think about the portfolio of businesses that you have, I think among investors, kind of the elephant in the room is what happens if we go through another year or 2 and the mid and light market still is punky, right? I agree with you completely that longer-term, it's going to come back. Who knows exactly when? Maybe in 6 months, that'd be great. But say that doesn't happen, right? So say, as the leader of this organization, you're looking at your businesses, say, Cessna is still punky 2 years from now. Then the question becomes, all right, Bell gets a little bit tougher. What do you do? I mean, how do you manage through that, right? I think that's probably, I think, one of the biggest questions right now among at least the people I talk to. I mean, how do you think about that?
Scott C. Donnelly: Look, Ron, you do some things we've been trying to do over the last few years. You continue to focus on both the cost of your current operations to try to get enough productivity to improve as much as you can. You try to make sure that you're investing in the thing so that when the cycle does turn, you're in as good a position as you can be in to do that. So I think if you look at Cessna today, there's no question, we've been in a very, very deep down cycle. But as you know -- and again, I don't know either. Is it 6 months? Is it 2 years? That's sort of the unknowable. But the cycle will come back around and you've got to make sure that you're positioned to capitalize on that. When we've seen up cycles in this business, we've been able to capitalize and take advantage of that. But you don't do that if you don't have competitive product and you don't have the right service network, you don't have the right sales force out there. So I think that's what we'll continue to focus on. If you look at where we are today, obviously we've spent a lot of R&D dollars, but we're on the cusp here of having the new M2, having the Sovereign, having the new X. So I think over time, those investments will have proven to be the right things to do. As you look into 2015, you're going to have the Latitude coming in. I think that's the right thing to do. That program is coming along very well. It's a significant change in our product portfolio at Cessna, and I think one that would be very, very attractive to a lot of our customers out there that want to upgrade from current product into our wider-body aircraft. So we -- I don't know, Ron, if there's really anything you would do different. If you mothball the business, if you don't invest in having the right products, you're not going to be able to capitalize on this market when it does turn. So calling it is virtually impossible, but I think that we have to continue to do that. I'd say the same thing is true at Bell. We know we have enjoyed a great ramp on V-22. We know where the production volumes of V-22 are going. But we also know that we have the ability to grow that business through the commercial side. We've been successful doing that over the last couple of years through some product upgrades, through better focus in terms of how we go to market in the commercial world. But we also know we need new product, and so the investments in the 525, the investments in the XLS, clearly longer-term investment on the military on the V-280. All we can do is make sure that we're making the right investments and that we're ready to serve that market as it turns at Cessna and that we're ready to expand the portfolio and continue to gain share in the commercial market at Bell.
Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And I mean, is there any point -- you probably can't answer this, so I'll just preface it with that. I mean, is there any point where you -- I think you can kind of see what's going to happen in the 2Ds [ph] at Bell. We're not exactly sure with Cessna. Although long term, we do think it's going to come back, that were you step out a year or 2 or 3 from now and you have to do something strategically very different, either just pursue a different path and strategy to continue to grow the company. I mean, do you ever think about that? Or is it just too soon to even think about that?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, certainly, across all the businesses, we look at things that we can do that are complementary to those businesses to try to give us some more markets and give us some abilities to grow beyond just that quarter that we're in today. But now look, as we talked about before, we're not going to stray very far from these things. We need to do things that are the same customers in the same markets and the places that we understand and feel comfortable from an M&A standpoint. In terms of the current businesses, I mean, if you look at Cessna, Ron, I mean, look, if we knew we were 2 years from seeing a market rebound, it'd be wonderful if you had some concept of a way that you could just sort of mothball a business. I don't think there's any precedent for doing that. I mean, this is a very highly technical business. You need to have a great engineering team, you need to have a great sales force and you can continue obviously to service the customers that we have out there today. So it would be great if you can go into sort of a state of suspended animation. I don't think you can do that. I think you hunker down as much as you can on cost and productivity. But I think you've got to continue to make sure that you're doing the right things in terms of new product because that's what you're going to be rewarded for when the market does turn. You don't make those investments, then you're not going to have the upside when it does go.
Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Sure. And then maybe one last question related to that. Just I thought probably 1 of the coolest new things out there in the last 6 months was the Scorpion. Nobody has asked about that. I mean, can you give us some more color on the Scorpion and maybe more specifically, how it came to be and maybe what your hopes are for what it could mean for Textron?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, Scorpion is a good example of some of the things we're trying to do, Ron. I mean, and obviously, we haven't talked much about that. We kept the thing pretty well a secret for almost 2 years. But as we look at what kind of technical skills we have, what we think is going on in market dynamics and where growth opportunities are in something that's pretty close to home, namely, fixed wing aviation, our perspective was that there is going to be a need out there in the market for a military aircraft that is something that has a better performance envelope, more capability than a turboprop but not something that has the price point and the sophistication and both the acquisition cost and the maintenance and operating cost of something like an F-35. And so if you look at historically, the U.S. has had a family, a range of military product -- the industry, frankly, has usually had a range of military product that span all these various price points and capability points. And the trend seems like it's been for the last 20 years or so to only invest in very, very high-performance, very high-end fighter/attack aircraft. And look, these are amazing machines. An F-35 can do amazing things and F-22 and so on and so forth. But we see a very large customer base out there in both the U.S., as well as a lot of international opportunities that will never be able to afford aircraft at those price points, and yet need a capability and need to replace aircraft here in the coming years that historically have been more affordable to acquire and operate. And so we decided this was something that was an investment worth making. And so I think we positioned ourselves now where we can enter a segment where we have not participated in many, many, many years because we see a gap capability in the industry. And so, so far, I'm not talking too much about the program yet. I mean, we're making very good progress towards first flight. And just last week, we were able to run full engine power and verify inlet designs and airflows. So I mean, we're getting very close to starting taxi and flight tests. We've had a lot of interest from the international community, as well as within the U.S. about the aircraft. And so it's still obviously in its very early days, but we think it represents significant growth opportunity for the company. We're not talking too much about it yet because it's not quantifiable yet, right? But we're working on it.
Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And maybe just one last question, and then I'll hop off, I know other people have questions. Most of your peers, as you know, if you look at any of the other defense contractors, typically, they're not willing to, so far, put their skin in the game in terms of making a company-funded investment in a new product, particularly a piece of big hardware like that. When you thought about the business case for it, can you add any color around, and I commend you guys for doing it, I mean, I hope it's a huge success, about doing some R&D on your own P&L for a defense product? How did you think about that trade? Because most of your peers don't do it or if they do it, they do it to a very teeny, tiny extent.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, Ron, I think within the defense community, if you look on a purely defense basis, we've been trained over the years that the way this works is that you have a customer who comes out with a requirement, and then you bid to that requirement and you design and develop to that requirement. That can take a very long time. It's a very, very complex process, a very expensive process. And in this case, we felt there's -- this was really thought of more along commercial lines. In other words, when you look at our commercial businesses, we think about market opportunities, we talk to lots of different customers, and then we derive a requirement and we go design and build to that requirement. And then we look to go market that capability to many different customers. So our view, again, seeing what we think is a market opportunity, the whole genesis of this thing was derived more like you would think about the way the process we use for a commercial product, talking to lots of different customers, looking at the whole competitive dynamic and the marketplace needs and deriving and designing and building to our own requirement. So it's a military application that has been derived through a more commercial process, and as a result, moving more at commercial speeds and at commercial costs. So it is different. But I think what we're trying to do here is say, "Look, we understand military, we understand how you market and sell to the defense -- to the DoDs around the world, but we're able to leverage and utilize more of a commercial practice in terms of market identification, design and build, which we think is kind of a unique capability because we understand military, but we understand commercial."
Operator: We have a question from Cai Von Rumohr with Cowen and Company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So Cessna, could you give us some color? Was R&D up? Or where was R&D relative to prior quarters?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes. Cai, R&D was up. As you can imagine, we're sort of in the -- we're sort of at a point right now with both the M2 and the Sovereign and the new Citation X all in the certification process and a lot of work going on, on the Latitude program. As I said, we've got first wing mate, so there's a lot of work going on getting that aircraft prepped and ready to go into flight tests starting next year. So R&D was certainly up in the quarter. And I would expect that we'll continue to see a lot of R&D spending through the fourth quarter.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So I mean, can you give us some quantification, $5 million to $10 million or more?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, Cai, we haven't historically done this on a by-business basis. I guess, all I would say is the R&D spending is on track and consistent with what we guided for the year. And the total number we gave you guys, we spend about 3/4 of that. So I'd say I mean, yes, it was up, but in line with what we had guided in terms of R&D spending across the company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Terrific. And then can you give us some color by geography of demand at Cessna?
Scott C. Donnelly: It stays -- both orders and deliveries in the quarter, Cai, were about 2/3 domestic and about 1/3 international. And if you look at deliveries, it was 2/3, 1/3. And that 1/3 was pretty evenly spread between Latin America, Europe and Asia Pacific.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then you mentioned near-breakeven in the fourth quarter. That would imply, I mean, by my math, something like $80 million, a swing of $100 million from the third, $400 million uptick or 26% incremental margin. Is that kind of the way you're looking at it?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes. I still think, as we've kind of always talked, Cai, I think incremental margins at Cessna should be around 25%. Now when we go quarter-to-quarter, we had some quarters where it's been more or less than that, up or down. And frankly, that's largely an artifact of the numbers are pretty small. And so if you get a few million dollars of aircraft valuation change or you get a few million dollars of a LIFO or whatever adjustment, it's going to swing around a little bit. But yes, 25% incremental conversion is about right.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then pension, maybe you can give us some color. What was your investment performance like year-to-date? And maybe give us some preliminary color on where you think that could be both in terms of P&L impact and cash impact next year.
Frank T. Connor: Sure. We haven't obviously made any decisions about kind of necessarily the '14 plan. But as it relates to performance to date, we've been above our kind of expected return levels, so we're positive to that. Obviously, we need to close out the year, but that is positive. As we look at '14, I think we should get some tailwind on the pension side. We'll get a little bit of a tailwind from just with lower prior-period amortization expense. From a P&L standpoint, that's a $25 million-ish type area when you look at what would flow through the P&L in 2014. And as we sit here right now, the discount rate, if you valued it today, it's probably 75 basis points higher than it was a year ago. And that would give you another $25-ish million P&L-type impact, so as much as kind of $50 million-ish P&L impact based on where we are today.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Terrific. And then a last question, with regard to Beechcraft, if you were to look at it, under what circumstances would you kind of buy any or all of Beech? What would you -- I mean, what kind of financial metrics do you have to see if you were to consider kind of any transaction?
Scott C. Donnelly: It would have to be good. Cai, I just don't think -- I mean, it's -- given the nature of where all this stuff is, I just don't think we'd want to comment. We certainly wouldn't going into any kind of commentary. It just wouldn't be appropriate because they're rumors.
Operator: Our next question then comes from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research.
George Shapiro: A couple of questions on Cessna. One, if I look at the Q3 profit or loss after the $11 million inventory adjustment you said, so it would have been up about $2 million from the third -- from the second quarter making the same adjustments, in essence, a loss of $12 million versus a loss of $14 million. Based on what you just said of 25% incremental margins, since revenues were up 33%, you would have expect that the sequential profit to be up $8 million. So is that difference of 6% primarily R&D? Or is it reflecting the mix difference, where you had probably lower -- higher-margin XLSs versus higher deliveries of the lower margin CJ4s?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, George, I think your math is absolutely correct. And this was referring to -- when we're talking about these spreads of $8 million, a few million dollars of used aircraft valuation, some numbers, a small number of millions dollars of R&D being up, you look at the fact that we only had a small -- the 4 XLSs, which is some amount of mix that's in there. These small numbers, you can take 3 or 4 factors and pretty quickly get to $8 million.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then Scott, if you look at the orders itself in the third quarter, there were $654 million. That's the best third quarter order number since in at least 4 years or so. Is there anything to draw that that is a beginning of some improvement in the market? Or is it just reflecting orders for the newer planes that you have?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, George, I mean, we can only hope, right? If you look at the quarter, I mean, I can tell you that July and August were -- which are typically slow, were very, very slow this year. September was certainly considerably better. We just -- it'd be too early to comment at this point to know whether that's going to continue through the fourth quarter or not. So certainly, that -- the number on an absolute basis is encouraging. The dynamic of the fact that it was virtually all the month of September is encouraging. But whether that's the beginning of anything or how that plays out through the fourth quarter obviously remains to be seen.
George Shapiro: And then one, how much was the aftermarket up at Cessna? I know that's been running pretty double-digit increases.
Frank T. Connor: Yes. Aftermarket was up year-over-year at 25%. 15% of that or 15 percentage points was organic and 10% was due to some of the service center acquisition activity that's taking place.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then just one last one. Commercial helicopter deliveries, I mean, last year, they were up 20-plus or so in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. Would you expect them to be up at least 20% again or maybe even more?
Scott C. Donnelly: Right. It's going to be in that range, George. We would expect another pretty significant growth in Q4.
Operator: Question from Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a couple of quick cleanups. You talked about the pension expense side. Can you talk about the funding side for next year, Frank? And also with respect to CapEx for the full year, what's the current guidance?
Frank T. Connor: Yes. On the funding side, again we haven't made any decision yet. We'll kind of see how things close out here. But I would expect that the funding will come down from what we've been doing in the past couple of years. So I think that will be, we think higher discount rates and with good returns, and therefore, a significant reduction in the overall kind of liability relative to the asset pool, I think we'll be looking at pulling our funding activity down as we look at 2014. On the CapEx side for this year, we're in the $510-ish million type area at this point. So we've continued to look hard at the CapEx budgets and are kind of still spending a lot of money to push forward on all the important programs that we have. But we're clamping down a bit on some of the other things.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So a little bit of a pullback from where you started the year, but not -- you're still implying a pretty big quarterly number?
Frank T. Connor: Yes. We've tended to kind of underspend over the past couple of years, what people have looked a lot to do. And we're doing -- we're kind of in the same type of position this year.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then Scott, on the 25% incremental margins, I mean, you point out the light versus the heavy. But what about new versus current -- new products versus in-production products, how much of a discrepancy are we going to see in that kind of incremental margin as it folds in over the next several quarters?
Scott C. Donnelly: I don't think that you should expect to see very much in terms of the change. In other words, if you looked at the margin rates of Sovereigns versus new Sovereigns or you look at the margin rates of M2 versus sort of CJ or the Mustang class, there's not a big discrepancies in there. So I think we'll continue to see a fairly similar margin rate, depending on the kind of mix of the size of aircraft you're talking about.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then the last one for me. I mean, earlier in the conversation, you talked about managing the down cycle at Cessna. But managing the down cycle of Bell is really a lot different because you can see, map, know exactly what at least the military production is going to be contractually. So from a standpoint of getting the cost structure right for '15, when the production of the V-22s, 22 aircraft, can you put up the same margins? Can you put up the 13% margins in a context of V-22s at 22, that you can put up the V-22s in the context of 40 deliveries a year?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I mean, we'll -- again, we don't want to do any long-term guiding here. But certainly, we have a lot more visibility at Bell today and very good visibility obviously with respect to V-22. And so in terms of cost actions, I mean, these have already started. We've already done several pretty significant reductions at Bell. And clearly, there will be more to come as that volume works its way through the factory. We know exactly what we need to do in terms of the V-22 volumes, and we'll be making adjustments accordingly.
Frank T. Connor: Listen, the other part of that, Myles, is not just the reduction in volume, but the contractual rates that we're going to be able to earn on those contracts are different. So at the end of the day, you can't make up all that margin out of cost savings.
Operator: We have a question from Julian Mitchell with Crdit Suisse.
Charles Clarke - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: It's Charlie for Julian. I just didn't know, just 2 real quick ones because obviously we'd run over here. Just to know just for expectations if you could kind of frame just -- probably don't want to get into specific numbers, but just maybe frame kind of a range for kind of what you guys are thinking for M2s or what you guys are thinking for the new Sovereigns, just to kind of put expectations kind of in context for Q4.
Scott C. Donnelly: In terms of?
Charles Clarke - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just delivery numbers.
Scott C. Donnelly: Deliveries, number of aircraft? We haven't been providing any sort of guidance on particular models, so I don't think we probably want to go there.
Charles Clarke - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Or even just for mediums versus lights, I mean, any -- I mean, obviously, I think mediums -- sorry, lights, through the first 3 quarters, down about 40 and mediums down about a little over that. But anything different into the end of Q4, no?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, the only thing I have to say is, I mean, you certainly would expect to see more of the mediums in Q4 because we're at least back shipping Sovereigns again. We were absent in the second and third quarter. But that's really only the color, I guess, I would provide on that is that...
Charles Clarke - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes. I just didn't know if you thought, like, if Sovereign would be between 5 and 10 -- or I mean, obviously, I think it'd be higher than that. Or if 10 to 20 is a range or -- but I guess you guys want to get away from that.
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes. No, we haven't been providing that number.
Charles Clarke - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. No. Yes, I just -- and then just real quick at Bell. Obviously, commercial has been strong. I just didn't know if you had any color on just customers, just end-market customers. Is it still a lot of oil and gas? Is it a lot -- where are the customers coming from here?
Scott C. Donnelly: Oil and gas has still been strong. A lot of foreign military customers are still in there, a lot of police, emergency medical services. It really has been reasonably across the board.
Frank T. Connor: So I think [indiscernible] in Scott's comments. We're seeing a lot of good development of demand around the globe outside the United States, like Russia and China, the Middle East.
Operator: Last question is from Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just on the Cessna deliveries, I know you don't want to get into specific models, but the increase in the finished goods inventory that you see at year end, is that M2s and Sovereigns because the timing of the certification? Or is it anticipation of the Xs? Can you give any color as to what's increasing in terms of finished goods?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, certainly, Xs, right, because we had originally been manufacturing, expecting to get cert by late this year. Those have all moved into 2014. Beyond that, I guess I wouldn't provide any guidance. I mean, it will depend on obviously how this quarter plays out and what orders and sales conversion looks like.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then if I can ask you just a question on Bell and the V-22 multiyear, you talked about some of the delivery expectations over that multiyear. We've seen recently companies like Sikorsky talk about a reduction in volume even within a multiyear. And so, is there flexibility from the customer to adjust those, even if it's in delivery and still be able to move it even though there is a firm commitment on the total?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, it would be a renegotiation if there was a change. That's a mixed multi-year contract.
Douglas R. Wilburne: All right, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us today. And we know we have a couple of follow-up calls in queue that we'll call back. Thank you very much.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:00 a.m. today, running through January 24, 2014 at midnight. You may access the AT&T Executive Playback service at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 265927. International participants may dial 1 (320) 365-3844, and again the code is 265927. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-17 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Management Committee and Member of Executive Committee Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC George Shapiro Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kristine T. Liwag - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Textron Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Doug Wilburne. Please go ahead.
Douglas R. Wilburne: Thank you, Tani, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in our earnings release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Moving now to second quarter results, starting with Slide #3. Revenues in the quarter were $2.8 billion, down 6% from a year ago. Our income from continuing operations was $0.40 per share, which compares to $0.58 in the second quarter of 2012. Moving to cash flow. Second quarter manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was a $362 million use of cash, and second quarter pension contributions were $17 million. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott C. Donnelly: Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everybody. We saw solid revenue growth at Textron Systems in our Industrial businesses, as well as strong commercial orders of Bell. On the business jet front, demand continued to be soft. As we announced in April, we took cost, production and pricing actions appropriate for this market environment. Specifically, we re-lowered our light jet production line rates, reduced associated direct headcount, downsized our indirect workforce and reduced our jet discount allowance. As we expected, reduced discounting to entice customers into the market did result in lower sales volume, as we delivered 20 jets compared to 49 a year ago. However, we achieved positive new jet pricing on both a sequential and year-over-year basis, which was our intent. We still believe the overall market demand will eventually recover as global economic -- the global economies continues to expand. With respect to the rollout of our new M2, Sovereign and Ten product lines, we're making good progress with certification testing. The aircraft are performing extremely well, although minor delays in avionics software certification has slightly delayed initial delivery dates. We would now expect M2 and Sovereign to begin shipping in the fourth quarter this year, with the new Citation Ten early next year. This will reduce total expected 2013 shipments resulting in a new full year Cessna revenue outlook of just over $3 billion. Looking longer term with new products, we're making good progress on our Latitude and Longitude platforms planned for service entry in 2015 and '17. In fact, the first Latitude fuselage and nose sections were mated last week, and we're on track for flight test early next year. Market receptivity for this new model has been a very good, as we conducted a 19-city tour with our mock-up during the quarter. Finally, on Cessna, we're making excellent progress in implementing our Chinese strategy to build and market Cessna Aircraft through in-country joint ventures. We completed the equipment and tooling installation for our new Chinese Caravan facility and expect deliveries to begin before year-end. We're also installing equipment and tooling at our newly constructed business jet facility and expect deliveries of XLS to begin next year. Moving to our finance segments. Slowness in the business jet market resulted in only a few new loan originations during the quarter. However, our segment profit benefited from good credit performance and a number of small-ask [ph] transactions in our non-captive business. In our Industrial businesses, we saw good growth in each of our businesses, reflecting strong auto markets in North America and new product introductions and expansions of our global distribution channels. We also had good execution with an overall incremental margin conversion of 39%. We'll continue to invest in new products in our Industrial businesses, as we believe that's the best way to win in the market and create high-value growth. For example, during the quarter, we did introduce our redesigned TXT golf car, updating the model's curb appeal and proven performance, while delivering new features, as well as increased durability and simpler maintenance. During the quarter, we also closed on the acquisition of Sherman & Reilly, a manufacturer of aerial and underground electrical power distribution and transmission products, which significantly expanded Greenlee's electrical utility product line. Moving to Systems. Revenues were up, reflecting growth in our unmanned air systems and precision munition product lines. We continue to see operational stability in our fee-for-service unmanned air vehicle systems contract. But as previously discussed, this eventually -- is essentially a breakeven program at this time for us. Our other major UAS contract is the Shadow Tactical Data Common Link retrofit program. This program is still in the development phase, and it now appears the completion of the development program will not occur in time to allow shipments of the production units that were planned for this year. As a result, Systems' 2013 revenues will probably be about $200 million lower than we previously expected. On the precision munitions front, we continue to ship product for the Saudi program under an undefinitized contract and expect a boost to Systems backlog in the third quarter as we recently came to agreement on final pricing. At TMLS, we're making good progress on our Canadian TAPV program, as we deliver our preproduction vehicles for initial performance testing. Across Textron Systems, we have a substantial amount of global sales activity underway for our products and continue to believe this business can maintain a flat to slightly growing top line over the next several years. Finishing with Bell, we delivered 9 V-22s and 6 H-1s in the quarter, flat with delivery in last year's second quarter. We signed a second V-22 multiyear contract to deliver 99 units beginning in late 2014, with options for 23 additional aircraft, with 1 already exercised. We're also in active discussions with several potential FMS customers. This should lead to additional V-22 volume in the second multiyear timeframe. Last month, our Bell V-280 tiltrotor platform was selected to participate in the U.S. Army's Joint Multirole Technology Demonstrator program. We believe the V-280 offers the Army the highest level of performance at test [ph], as well as the best overall value in terms of capability, procurement costs and operating costs. On the commercial side, we delivered 44 helicopters in the quarter versus 47 units in last year's second quarter. While deliveries were down, this was a result of commercial delivery timing and not a reflection of demand, as commercial order flow remained strong in the quarter. On the last earnings call, we indicated a transition to a new ERP system had negatively impacted our productivity in aftermarket shipments. We have improved operations, such that we are now shipping spare parts at levels higher than before we implemented the new ERP system, while we have further work to do implementing these systems and we'll be focused on improving operating productivity and output to reduce spare parts backlog and return to internal production schedules. On the new product front, we made a strategically important announcement at the Paris Air Show when we unveiled our new short light single, which essentially replaces our Legacy 206 JetRanger. With our recently upgraded 407 and 412 models, our new 429 and the planned 525, the new SLS will fill out our product line at the lower end. With over 4,400 JetRangers currently in service, there's meaningful existing upgrade market to support this demand. We're expediting development to bring this product to market as quickly as possible with the expected first flight late next year. To wrap up, we expect slightly lower full year results at Cessna and Systems and slightly higher results at Finance and Industrial. We're maintaining our guidance for 2013's guidance of $1.90 to $2.10 per share. We're also maintaining our projected 2013 cash flow from continuing operations of the manufacturing group before pension of about $400 million. In summary, we remain focused on improving our operational execution and cost productivity, and we remain committed to continue our investments in new products and sales capability to grow the business over the long term. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank T. Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $213 million, down $97 million from the second quarter of 2012, on a $880 million decrease in revenues. Let's look at how each of the segments contributed, starting with Cessna. Second quarter revenues at Cessna were down $203 million on a year-over-year basis, reflecting lower jet deliveries. The segment had a loss of $50 million, primarily due to lower volumes, along with the impact of $28 million in pretax severance costs. We would expect that expense savings would offset most of the $28 million by the end of the year. At Bell, revenues were down $31 million, primarily due to lower commercial helicopter volume. Segment profit decreased $17 million, reflecting the lower volume and an unfavorable mix in our commercial business. At Textron Systems, revenues were up $33 million, primarily due to higher volumes in our UAS and weapons and sensor product lines. Segment profit decreased $6 million, reflecting a larger mix of lower-margin service contracts. Industrial revenues increased $45 million, reflecting higher volumes across most of the businesses and an increase from acquisitions. Segment profit increased $18 million, primarily due to improved performance and the higher volumes. Moving to Finance. Revenue decreased $24 million from last year's second quarter, reflecting lower Finance receivables. The segment had a profit of $15 million. Credit performance continued to improve during the quarter, with non-accruals of $124 million and 60-day delinquencies of $65 million. Moving to corporate items, starting with cash flow. Looking at our cash flow reconciliation, which is at the bottom of the manufacturing group cash flow schedule, which is attached to our earnings release, we've had a year-to-date use of cash from operating activities before pension contributions of $787 million. As reflected on our June 29 balance sheet, also attached to our press release, you can see that a significant portion of this cash use was driven by an increase in working capital. This was driven primarily by operations at Bell and Cessna. At Bell, this was the result of inventory builds for higher second half military and commercial deliveries and the productivity issues that Scott discussed earlier. At Cessna, the cash use reflected ramp-up of production for new M2, Sovereign and Citation Ten and lower-than-expected deliveries in the first half of the year. We expect these working capital increases to reverse during the second half of the year, as we deliver the higher volumes at Bell and as we certify our new models and deliver higher volumes at Cessna. Moving back to the P&L. Corporate expenses were $20 million, flat with the year ago. Interest expense was $30 million, down $5 million from last year's second quarter, primarily due to the benefits from the payoff of our convertible notes on May 1. Our diluted average share count during the quarter was 283.8 million shares, which was 11.7 million shares lower than last year's second quarter, primarily reflecting the share repurchases in last year's fourth quarter and the convertible notes settlement. Finally, our EPS guidance now reflects an annual effective tax rate of 28%, down from our previous guidance of 29%. This reflects lower domestic income at Cessna and Systems, which is subject to higher U.S.-based tax rates. That concludes our prepared remarks. So operator, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Scott or Frank, just to make sure I've got the production flow at Cessna about correct here. If I slide the Ten out and the Sovereign out, as you just indicated, versus my prior model, I show second half total deliveries down kind of 5% to 10% and full year '13 down something like 20% to 25% versus '12. Does that sound about right?
Scott C. Donnelly: It's probably about the right order of magnitude.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, good. And then can you just go back to the avionics delays that you mentioned are driving that? And maybe give us a little more detail on exactly what's going on there?
Scott C. Donnelly: Sure, Noah. Look, we have, in both the M2, which is a Garmin 3000 cockpit, and the Ten and the Sovereign, which essentially have the same Garmin 5000 cockpit. We're trying to have one basic certified software build that really underlies all 3 of those platforms. The flight testing and the performance of the avionics equipment and whatnot, for the most part, has been quite good. The aircraft are performing extremely well, making great progress in all their flight testing. But our supplier has struggled going through this first -- our 25 cert and just getting everything all lined up and getting us a build of the software that will pass through all the final certification testings. We think we're there, frankly. I mean, it hasn't really impeded the flight test program. The aircraft have been continuing to run. We do have the initial builds of -- or the initial versions of the latest build that are in our own integration laboratories on the ground and look very good. The guys are very bullish that we think it has the things that it needs to have in it for the final cert, and so it's a matter of just taking those now and getting them into the actual aircraft. And then, frankly, going through the formal process and getting each of the aircraft through. And the only reason the Ten is pushing into next year is just the timelines to get the M2 through the certification process, get the Sovereign through it. It's probably going to push the Ten into beginning of next year. So it's relatively mild, modest in terms of its schedule impact, Noah. We're originally hoping to get the first couple of sales of M2s and Sovereigns late in the third quarter, and then we had always planned the Tens in the fourth quarter. And I just think with some of the, as I say, relatively minor delays in getting this final software build, it's pushed them out a couple of months, but that's enough to push it, all the deliveries of the M2s and the Sovereigns into Q4 and just realistically speaking as we focus on getting those through the process, so it'll push the Tens into the first of next year.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol with JPMorgan.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Scott or Frank, just on the cash flow, heard what you said on the inventory build at both Bell and Cessna. I was wondering if you could give a little more detail on, I guess, what surprised you in the quarter? Or if it did at all, are you back on track? I know you haven't caught up at Bell for the ERP implementation, but are you back on track with where you originally would've thought you would've been? And then on Cessna, how are you going to make back the inventory build by the end of the year if some of these deliveries are getting pushed into 2014?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think Cessna is more or less to be expected. I mean, we know we're ramping up M2s. We're ramping up Sovereigns. We expected, as you know, to take down the light jet production volume, but obviously, we are finishing out the aircraft that were in the queue. So we certainly expected to see a significant inventory build at Cessna. We still believe that we will get the M2 and the Sovereign deliveries that we had in the plan for the year. It's just they'll all be fourth quarter instead of over the end of the third and into the fourth quarter. So the only ones that are really moving out in total are the Tens moving into next year. So for sure, there is some pressure there. On the other hand, we think there are opportunities, and we're certainly taking fewer trade-ins. So as we continue to work down our balance of used aircraft inventory, which we did again in the quarter, we think that helps to make up for some of that cash shortfall in terms of having the Citation Tens delayed into the first quarter of next year. So the Cessna situation, I think, is pretty well understood. There's not a lot of surprises there, and we'll work our way through that. At Bell, I would say, certainly to our plan, we're behind where we would like to be in terms of cash. As I said, in terms of how we're doing in this ERP system, particularly with respect to a lot of our parts shipments, be it into the spares or into our final assembly factories, the improvement in that area is kind of back to plan. But it did not catch up where we were behind in the first quarter. And so that's the work we still have to do. So we're -- the system is running. I mean, we can demonstrate that we can now ship the parts at levels at or above where we were before we put the system in. But we haven't yet achieved the level where we were able to burn down that backlog. But we certainly have expectations that'll happen through the course of the year. And that also results in getting things around progress billings and things like that, where you don't have as much in progress that has been accomplished, and therefore, you're behind on some government billings. But again, as we get that system recovering and get it stable and work our way through the rest of the year, we think we will recover that.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So it's fair to say that we should see improvement certainly in Q3, particularly at Bell? And then a lot of the improvement at Cessna comes in Q4 because that's when all the new deliveries take place?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, that's exactly right.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then over in Industrial, margins were quite good, the highest in, I think, a very, very long time. You attributed it to performance and to volume. How should we be thinking about the upside opportunity to what you've been putting up in the past is sort of the 8% level as we go forward? Or are we going to revert back to that level?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, as you know, our Industrial businesses are each cyclical in their own nature. So I think I wouldn't expect to see 9%, almost 10% margins in the last 2 quarters. But I certainly would expect to see margin expansion over what the margins have typically been in the third and the fourth quarter. So I think performance will stay strong. The strategy we have around there, both in terms of productivity and driving more sales and new products is working, and I think it'll continue to work. So certainly, there is the seasonality, but I would expect to continue to see margin expansion in the Industrial businesses.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just one more, Scott, could you comment on demand, in particular for midsized aircraft? Have you filled those initial Sovereign slots for the new version of the aircraft and maybe just address XLS demand?
Scott C. Donnelly: So Sovereign demand, I mean, we are starting, obviously, to take orders for the new Sovereign. We just got the first production aircraft off the line only a few weeks ago. And that thing has been on a very, very steady and busy tour of flying around and doing demo flights. So we really didn't have the sales tool in place until here just very recently, but the aircraft is out there, flying a lot of customers. And I'd say we have a pretty strong list of customers that are interested in the new Sovereign. It's always been a very popular aircraft. People that have them, love them. And it's a very nice refresh to the aircraft. So as I said, we have started to take orders and put them into the backlog, but we've only really been out there able to show people the aircraft and demo fly it here in the last few weeks. So it's, I would say, it's building some pretty reasonable momentum in terms of the customer prospect list. XLS demand has been pretty steady through the quarter and no real change. In terms of the light jet market, as I said, there's -- the market is still very soft. And if you're not out there doing pretty aggressive discounting and trying to go to customers that are not ready to move yet, you're not going to see a whole lot of volume. That's exactly what we expected to see in the marketplace. So there's obviously some activity, but it's still pretty soft.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Godwin [ph] with Morgan Stanley.
Unknown Analyst: In the release, you described the Cessna production cuts as the right actions. I was just hoping you could elaborate on that a little bit. Of course, demand continues to be soft. So I was just curious, would continued softness in biz jet trends from here cause you to revisit production even further and potentially reduce it again? Or by right actions, do you mean that the data that you see and the conversations that you're having suggest that you've really hit the right level given where demand is?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I mean, obviously this a very fluid situation, so I don't think we'll ever say, "Hey, we're done one way or the other." So in the case of the lights, we scaled back what we thought our target for the year would be around sales of those aircraft. And I would say, at least looking into what we are anticipating for the third and fourth quarter, we think we're in the right place. On the other hand, if you look at M2s, the market demand for that new product has stayed fairly strong, and we've actually gone in and tried to figure out how to add some additional slots into next year, because we're in a situation right now where we see some transactions happening and the M2 would be the right aircraft for the customer, but it's -- we don't have available slots for them. So we've had some adjustments, obviously, that we took down this year around some of the light models, comfortable with where we are right now. That doesn't mean we would change it up or down based on what we see demand changing in the marketplace. But I think what we took those down to, our view right now is that's probably the right number in terms of our current production role. And then, of course, we have the M2 where we're going to go try to find a way to insert some more available slots into 2014 because we think the demand is there.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, that's very helpful. And I was hoping you'd talk a bit about what the sales force is telling you the customer response was to the production rates. Of course, you had some good comments on incremental pricing. Is that just sort of simple supply-demand rebalancing? Or is there any kind of new or renewed sense of urgency to transact that wasn't in the customer conversations before the cuts? Just any clarity or background there would be helpful.
Scott C. Donnelly: Sure. I know I would categorize it as a supply-demand balancing. So the transactions that I felt that we were doing that we wanted to get away from doing, we're trying to go in and do some additional discounting to get a customer who's ultimately going to upgrade their aircraft and trying to pull them forward to get them to upgrade now. And so as we took that sort of aggressive discount out and didn't go try to pursue and try to get somebody to come into the market that didn't feel they were ready to come into the market, obviously, those transactions have gone away. So -- and -- customers are fine with that. When you have customers that say, "Hey, I'm okay where I am probably for another year or 2," then that's fine. They'll keep flying their current aircraft for another period of time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a quick question on the Cessna margin in the quarter. If you exclude the severance costs that you called out last quarter, you're still decently negative. I wondered if there were any other cost action items there? Or maybe you could comment on any impact from used aircraft in the quarter? Any color there would be helpful.
Scott C. Donnelly: Sure. So obviously, the vast majority of it was associated with the severance costs, which is the $27 million that we have in there. There were about $8 million of used aircraft residual write-downs. But other than that, it was just a very, very light delivery quarter. And so there's just not a lot of cost absorption on 20 jets.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And just as a clarification, when you say pricing improvement from the actions you took, is that sequential improvement versus last quarter or year-over-year?
Scott C. Donnelly: Sequential and year-over-year actually.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And one final one. In Systems, you mentioned the definitization of the Saudi contract. Does that result in any material margin impact versus what you had under the undefinitized contract before?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, it doesn't. We were -- where we ended up was roughly the pricing that we expected in terms of how we've been booking the deal. So I think the only real consequential outcome you'll see of that becoming a definitized contract is it'll all go into backlog as opposed to just what was under the undefinitized contract.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Scott, I'd like to follow up on your comment earlier that you mentioned about continued softness in light demand, of apparently, a pickup in demand for the mid-cam [ph]. Do think there are some of the sort of structural change here in terms of the business jet market that is preferring these larger jets?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, Robert, I think we just continue to have a view of the market that says the light market, the light to small mid-market is really a small to midsize business person, and they're more economically sensitive than large corporations and other corporate operators of aircraft that tend to have larger aircraft. So I think the confidence in the economy around that small to midsized business community has been a little more subdued. And so when you look at a large corporate operator, they get so many years in, they're going to roll that aircraft. I mean, they're very worried about reliability and availability and aircraft on ground, these sorts of things, and I think they're more inclined to accept a more difficult residual value environment and go ahead and roll the aircraft anyway. When you look at a light operator that historically, yes, they like to roll it at 5 years or 7 years, I think with residual values where they are right now, they're inclined to say they'll stick with it for another year or 2. So that's our general sense. A lot of people we see coming in right now are coming in. They're coming from the places they usually come from in terms of light jets, right? They're coming out of a turboprop or a light single and something like that. But you don't see as much activity of the people who are current CJ operators that are doing their upgrade. Eventually they will come, but I think a lot of it just has to do with where the residual values are. And the used aircraft market, certainly from a volume standpoint, the number of aircraft has been dropping and dropping, but it's still a fairly significant number. And I think the biggest challenge is that we haven't really seen, for sure, have not seen a price recovery in terms of used aircraft values. And I think those are the things that need to happen before you're going to see -- or a significant strengthening in the economy, where people feel better about what's going on, before you're going to see a lot of activity in the light market.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And the second question, I was wondering if you could comment on the demand environment in terms of geographical regions. If you're seeing any differences versus maybe what you said 3 months ago in U.S., Europe or Asia?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, it's still very much U.S.-centric. There's a little bit of activity in Europe, very light activity, frankly, in Latin America, some in Asia, not very strong on the lights. A lot of demand in Asia on the Caravan. We're seeing a fairly strong demand for our turboprop business over there. But in terms of the jet market, it's very North American-centric.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Let me just ask, I guess, a couple of Bell questions, just for something different. On the SLS, Scott, I mean, some of your competitors sell helicopters in that range, 100 to 200 helicopters a year. Is that the kind of opportunity that you're thinking for that model?
Scott C. Donnelly: It is. I mean, I think our principal competitor in this market right now, Peter, really is the guys that have moved in into the Robinson R66s. That's really the space that we're targeting. It's kind of that price point. I think we have -- it'll be a little different performance for us, but it's in roughly in that price point. And it's probably a 200-, 300-helicopter-a-year market.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Got it. Great. And then any progress on the 429 weight approvals from the FAA?
Scott C. Donnelly: Not from the FAA. We continue to get more countries that are approving it based on the Canadian certification. So we see the market continue to grow internationally for it as it's approved. I think the situation with the FAA, Peter, is that, as you may have read, there's really an activity going on right now within the FAA to look at this whole issue of, is 7,000 pounds the right number to delineate between the current certification standards, whether it's a 27 or 29. And this has happened in the past, by the way, right, where as technology changes and what's available in the market changes and technologies change from particular, is it appropriate to have a specific weight that delineates the difference? If so, is it the right weight? And so really what's happening right now is there is a broader review of this issue going on in the FAA, and I suspect that where we'll end up will really be reflective of where the FAA wants to go in the future in terms of how they're going to delineate between Part 27 and 29 service.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then just broadly, on the Bell commercial helicopter, I guess, cycle, you mentioned timing during your, I think, your opening remarks. You don't sense that the commercial helicopter cycle is slowing at all? You just think you had a timing issue in the quarter? And overall, the commercial helicopter up-cycle is sort of still intact. Is that kind of your view?
Scott C. Donnelly: It is. There's no change to our view. The quarter actually was quite strong in terms of order rate, so a lot of order activity. We were light a few helicopters versus a year ago, but that really just has to do with customer delivery timing. And there's no change in our view of what's going on in the market nor our expectations in terms of our deliveries for 2013.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cai Von Rumohr with Cowen and Company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So, Scott, you mentioned improvement in pricing at Cessna sequentially and year-over-year. And yet, if one looks at the used market, it looks like those prices continue to kind of soften. So do you feel you've kind of hit equilibrium here where basically the prices really have held and can get better from here? Or are you concerned that the weakness in the used market is going to catch up with you, and so you're going to have continuing pricing pressures in your business?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, Cai, I think that part of what's going on with the new aircraft pricing was also driving the residual value on the used aircraft. So it's actually a little bit the other way. And I guess, one thing I want to be clear about. I don't want to mislead anybody, all right. We got better pricing in the quarter with both sequentially and year-over-year, but we're hardly taking aircraft back to list pricing. These are still attractive prices for customers versus historical levels, okay? So there is still discounting going on. It's not like this has snapped back to all of a sudden, people are going to be selling at list price. So I do think that pricing will continue to reflect sort of the tone of what's going on in the market. It was just our view that coming out, particularly out of the first quarter, and I looked at what was going on from a pricing standpoint, was getting to the point where it didn't make any sense do these deals, okay? So I mean, we need to go back to a level of price that is still a fair, an attractive deal for our customers, but one which is also a reasonable deal for our company to be able to continue to invest in new products and, et cetera. So that correction, I think, was very important. And I'm glad that we made it, and I think it's appropriate that we make it. But these products are still very attractive in terms of how they're priced at this point, even going back modestly above where they were in 2012. So used aircraft pricing, Cai, absolutely, I think is still going to be a challenge. But I think that there -- it's more of an impact to the ability for somebody to trade in and what their residual value is, as opposed to how it should necessarily pressure new aircraft pricing.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Was there any change as you went through the quarter in terms of the tone of demand in any respect?
Scott C. Donnelly: Not really.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then you'd mentioned the avionics delay, and obviously, you already were planning most of the delivery of Sovereigns and M2s in the fourth quarter. But obviously, I assume some of those have slipped into next year. Approximately how many of those new plane deliveries that you'd expected this year slipped into next year?
Scott C. Donnelly: As I said, I really still expect that we will get the M2 and Sovereign deliveries that we were expecting. They'll just be in the fourth quarter instead of getting some done in the beginning -- or the end of the third quarter. The only aircraft that I really view as moving into the next year as a result of these delays are the Tens.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky with Citi.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Frank, just a quick question for you. The corporate line in the income statement seems to bounce around from quarter to quarter. I was wondering if you could give us an update on the second half and your view, all else being equal at this point, stock price and all the other inputs that go there, what we should expect on the corporate line for the second half of the year?
Frank T. Connor: Yes, I mean, the corporate line kind of, generally, if you look at kind of how we guided it, runs about kind of $35 million to $38 million on average. And it bounces around, as you say, because of that kind of share price activity and what that does in terms of just the stock-based compensation expense. And so if you kind of think $38-ish million type area per quarter, that's a normalized type of level for that expense.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And that's what's baked into your guidance then for the full year, this $38 million both in the third and fourth quarters each?
Frank T. Connor: Yes, that type area, $37 million and $38 million.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then, Scott, just a quick question on Cessna and the margins there. Can you just give us a little bit of color around your expectations on incremental margins, assuming we get some year-on-year growth going again there? What we ought to expect from incremental margins on a go-forward basis? So I think you've talked about a range in the past, and I was wondering if you could give us an update there.
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, we generally expect to see 20%, 25% incremental margin on volume growth at Cessnas.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And these most recent actions don't change that at all, the headcount reductions?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, because it's largely trying to size based on what we anticipate volumes to be. I mean, those are the actions that we have to take if we're going to adjust the business accordingly in terms of what the revenues are going to look like.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. Okay, great. And then last one, Scott, could you -- in the past, you've given us a little bit of your expectations around the biz jet market in China. I was wondering, generally speaking, you talked a little bit about your production actions, but can you talk a little bit about the market itself and the development of the biz jet market in China and where we are today?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, we still have expectations that we're going to see growth in the Chinese market in terms of -- and remember, I'm talking about our products, which are primarily aircraft that would be flown within China, not in and out of China, so it's a domestic aircraft. It is still, today, not an easy market from that standpoint, because it's not easy to fly internal just in terms of the air space management. But we have every indication and certainly see activities going on that would lead us to believe that, that's going to continue to liberalize. So there's a lot more liberalization of lower altitude airspace that's happening. We see this in selling Caravans. We see it in selling helicopters. A lot of this air space is going to become more open. But it's certainly our expectation that they'll start to open up and make it easier to fly within the country at the higher altitudes, which is really obviously the land of the jets. So our focus here right now is making sure we have a good sales team in place and start to do the market development activities, so that as we continue to sell into that market, we make sure that we're present and see every opportunity. And obviously, the XLS manufacturing in Zhouhai, which we expect to kick in and start deliveries next year, is specifically targeted at those opportunities.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Crdit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, I had a question on the Bell margins. In the first half, they were down around 100 bps. Year-on-year, you had a sort of 40%, 45% decremental. If you're thinking about the second half, I mean, is there anything in terms of the phasing or the weighting of R&D for things like the 525, the V-280, that maybe changed that dynamic? Or R&D is fairly well, smooth through the year?
Frank T. Connor: Fairly smooth, Julian. I mean, we're still on track for our original guidance between 13% and 14%.
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then in Cessna, if we're thinking about, I understand the push outs and so on. I mean, excluding that, it sounds as if volume and pricing are tracking pretty much in line with where you would've thought back in April and May. I just wanted to check if that's the case? And more specifically, what's going on with Cessna aftermarket? I think that was up about 9% in Q1. Just what sort of trend did you have just now?
Scott C. Donnelly: It's up again in this quarter in both parts and services. So guys are still flying the aircraft, utilizing the aircraft. And we're seeing, I'd say, reasonable growth on the service side of the business. And in terms of the volume of jet production, as I said, I think the numbers we're looking at right now in terms of the performance this quarter and our expectations here through the second half of the year, we feel like our plans in terms of production that we laid in are probably about where they need to be. So I'd say it's, at this point, we still have the same expectations that we had when we talked to you after the first quarter call.
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great. And then lastly, just if you could -- obviously, rates are moving around and so on, just a reminder on what the anticipated pension effect on earnings is for '13?
Frank T. Connor: It's -- oh, for '13.
Scott C. Donnelly: '13, it was...
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, if you're willing to talk about '14, that would be great, but I just -- any view on either.
Scott C. Donnelly: I thought it was 1 30...
Frank T. Connor: Well, no, for '14, the pension expense was $225-ish million area, which was a meaningful headwind to our 2012 level.
Scott C. Donnelly: [indiscernible] expense budget [ph].
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And the expectation for the effect in '13?
Frank T. Connor: That -- I'm sorry, so on '13, we had about $55 million of pension headwind, and total pension expense was about kind of $225 million. And in '14, we should no -- we would expect, it depends on rates and lots of things between now and then, but we would expect that we will no longer see a headwind. We should see a bit of a tailwind. And obviously, that'll depend on kind of discount rates and returns for the rest of the year and lots of other factors. But we, as we sit here today, we would not expect to continue to see a pension headwind as we move into '14.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Just cleaning up a few things. Used aircraft, that charge of $8 million or write-down of $8 million, is that on aircraft that are now no longer in-house? And can you give us some color on the size and dollars and/or units of your used aircraft inventory?
Scott C. Donnelly: Those -- that $8 million is a charge against our current inventory based on the residual values. We obviously had some sales of aircraft in the quarter, Jeff. And I don't think there was an appreciable gain or loss on sale of those guys. So they're marked to roughly the right spot. I think there was a very modest gain this quarter. But we don't talk about the specific numbers of aircraft on the used side. We did sell -- we didn't sell quite as many as we did year-over-year, but actually dollar volume of the sales was actually a bit higher than it was year-over-year.
Frank T. Connor: And net inventory went down slightly, Jeff.
Scott C. Donnelly: Right. Net inventory -- yes.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Net inventory is down?
Scott C. Donnelly: Right.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And then just kind of back to Cessna, so effectively, what you're telling us, right, is M2 was sold to your plan now through 2014. I mean, obviously, I don't know precisely what your plan is, but I'm hoping we can kind get kind of bigger than a breadbox type of thought process here. If I think about M2, obviously, clearly is going to hurt M1. I think you would agree with that. I don't know if you do. But if I think about M1 plus M2, are we looking at unit volumes equivalent, or maybe even better than kind of the 40-ish a year that we were seeing in 2011 and 2012?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think it's a fair way to look at it, Jeff. I mean, it's sort of an equivalent number. Mustang deliveries have been at a relatively low rate just because, again, we see a relatively small number of people coming into that market. But certainly, when you look at the total for the entry jet market, there's now 2 ways to participate in that with us, right? Either the Mustang or the M2. And so, yes, you got to think about kind of annualized roughly the same number of aircraft with a, I think, at least in the early years, a significant mix shift towards the M2.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And then kind of along the same lines, your confidence on clearing the WIP inventory in Cessna, obviously comes around moving the Sovs and the Tens that you're building. Can you give us some color on how you're sold on those relative to your production plan on whatever horizon you're comfortable talking about it, whether it's through Q4 or into 2014?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I guess, just from color standpoint, I mean, the Tens are pretty sold. That's been out there for a while. We've been able to market and sell that aircraft. On the Sovereign, we still have a number of aircraft to go sell. But as I said earlier, we really have only had the first demonstrator aircraft to take out and start doing demos and flight tours here over the past month. So as I said, we have started to take orders. We have started to close deals, but we still have more aircraft to sell here for the 2013 plan. But we think we have a pretty reasonable level of interest in the customer community and a lot of people that are talking to us, a lot of people are doing demo flights. But that process is still fairly early.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Right. And then finally for me, just Bell commercial, can you give us kind of just the rough percentage delta. What you think full year volumes look like versus 2012?
Scott C. Donnelly: I think we guided we would be up significantly, and I think that's how it's playing out.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. So notwithstanding the little hiccup in Q2, the back half looks very strong?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, I mean, the Q2 is just -- we line up with customer delivery dates. So unfortunately in Q2, there were a number of aircraft, particularly larger aircraft, that are heavily, more heavily weighted towards the third and fourth quarter.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And I'm sorry, just finally, one more. So just thinking about all this, actually the incrementals in Cessna with the charge and the used aircraft and everything aren't awful, actually. For as much as production is down, I would say, it's kind of admirable, although it's a tough market for you. But should we think of Cessna, I mean, Cessna should be breakeven or better in Q3? Is that a reasonable expectation?
Scott C. Donnelly: Again, Jeff, it's so sensitive to the volumes of aircraft and without having any of the M2s or Sovereigns in Q3, I think that's going to make that a challenge. I mean, obviously, that's what we're trying to do. I think, look, the bottom line here is that the team out there, I think, is doing a heck of job in a pretty tough environment. They have driven a lot of cost productivity, and I think that's part of what you're seeing. I mean, we're not just saying, "Well, it's a bad market, so everything's going to a disaster." We can't possibly be happy about anything that has a red number associated with it. But the guys are simultaneously trying to drive as much productivity and go through the challenges of reducing and eliminating an awful lot of jobs to respond to what's going on in the market. At the same time, they're trying to invest a ton of money in developing a bunch of new products that will help us both this year or next year and into the future. So it's a tough balancing act. But I think those guys are doing a heck of a job, trying to do everything they can to manage costs and make sure that we do as well as we can in a tough market. And obviously, I think, position us so that when this thing does play itself through on this cycle, things will come out very well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research.
George Shapiro: Just a follow up on a couple of numbers, Scott. You kind of said aftermarket sales of Cessna were up. Were they up in the 5% to 10% area like they were in the last quarter?
Frank T. Connor: They were up 16%, but keep in mind that we had some M&A over the past year in the service center. So on an organic basis, it was high-single digit.
George Shapiro: And the used plane sales that were in the quarter?
Scott C. Donnelly: I'm sorry, George, what about the used aircraft in the quarter?
George Shapiro: Okay. Could you just give us what the sales volume was?
Scott C. Donnelly: I don't think we've given the specific numbers, George. As I said, we were down a couple in terms of units, but on a year-over-year basis, we were actually up in terms of the sales volume. So they were more expensive, larger aircraft.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then, Scott, the CJ4 was particularly weak this quarter. I mean, you kind of been running double digits, and it dropped to 4. Is there any reason for it? Or is it just succumbing to the light weakness? And then would you expect that to rebound some in the third quarter?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think, George, it probably is a reflection a bit of this notion that people that already have CJs aren't going to do an upgrade at this time. And we see a lot of people that are going to the CJ4s that might be current CJ2 or 3 operators right now. So I think that's probably a little bit a good example of it. If you don't see a whole of upgrade activity going on, you're probably not going to see as many more people move into the 4s.
George Shapiro: So what -- in third quarter deliveries, I mean, what's able to drive it significantly higher or maybe it's only a little bit higher than the 20 that we saw in the second quarter?
Scott C. Donnelly: I'd have to say, George, it's probably just sort of the normal cyclicality of people buying aircraft. [indiscernible] we look at what's going on in the customer community and the number of deals, the number of prospects on every aircraft type. So it's -- we're not particularly guiding a specific number of aircraft in the third quarter. But I would -- looking at it right now, we'd certainly expect it to be higher than the 20 that we saw in the second quarter.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then just a more general one, Scott, you had mentioned after the first quarter, you weren't going to cut price, and we clearly saw that in lower orders this quarter, although better quality orders. The fact that you didn't succumb to that temptation at the end of the quarter, does that change people's minds sufficiently, that we go into the third and the fourth quarter here, that they recognize that they're going to have to pay a better price if they want an airplane? I mean, can you talk about that mentality that's out there?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, George, it's a very good question and it's part of the theory, the case that we have, but we don't know the answer to that yet, right? I mean, without a doubt, some calls happened at the quarter saying, "Hey, are you ready to make a deeper discount to get a deal done?" And the answer to that question is, no. And so for sure, there's some deals that probably could have happened this quarter that didn't because we're not prepared to go with those price levels. As I said earlier with Cai, you guys, we're not going to go back to list pricing, all right? I mean, but these are still attractive prices and we're certainly hopeful that those customers who want to upgrade, have a reason they want to upgrade to a new aircraft, will consider coming in and paying a reasonable price. But we're not going to go do that kind of aggressive discounting at the last moment to try to get a deal across the goal line. So whether that's actually happens in practice versus just theory remains to be seen. But certainly, there were some people that were looking for bigger discounts to try to make a deal happen. And again, that goes back to price levels that don't make sense for us. So I think, I hope we're at the point now where the number that we can put on the table for that customer is a very fair and reasonable number. And it's a number that they'll be comfortable with, and ultimately, will trade in or buy the aircraft.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So just, I guess, the first one is sort of the high-level assessment EBIT margin guidance for the year. Is the full year anticipated to be still better than breakeven now?
Scott C. Donnelly: That's certainly our objective. Again, it's going to be very volume-sensitive. But certainly our plan would be to get it above the breakeven line on the year.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then Bell aftermarket in the first quarter had the ERP issues and was down. What was it like in the second quarter? And can you give us some perspective on the military aftermarket, in particular?
Scott C. Donnelly: If you look at the total aftermarket, we were on what our original plan was for the quarter, okay. So the system, we have figured out how to operate with the new system. In some cases, with the system, around the system, sort of going through the usual things you go through on one of these big system implementations. But anyway, the operation is certainly back and while it's -- we have our share of challenges, we're able to deliver what we need to deliver. The only unfortunate part is, we did not eat into the miss that we had in the first quarter.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So what was the aftermarket sales in the quarter in terms of directionally up, down, how much?
Scott C. Donnelly: On a year-over-year basis, it was...
Frank T. Connor: It was up low-single digits.
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, it was up, but up modestly on a year-over-year basis.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then last one, just confirming. So on the R&D expectation for the full year, I think, it was expected to be somewhere in the kind of $500 million, low $500 million range. That hasn't moved as a result of kind of the development timelines? Is that still the right place holder?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, these issues on certification really don't have much of an impact on the R&D front at this stage of the game. Most of the R&D's invested. It's simply a timing on going through the final certification. If you look at Cessna, a lot of the R&D now has moved into the Latitude program. And as Doug said earlier, the Bell, Bell's on track and relatively level load in terms of its R&D investments, kind of driven by the 525 and now the SLS and V-280.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And only one other one, another manufacturer had similar issues with delays in avionics caused the avionics suppliers to forward advances to the manufacturer. Is that something you're pursuing as a result of the delay in certification?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, it's not. Look, I think our supplier has been very genuine in their efforts to get this thing done. I think that there were some deals made with other customers because, frankly, they said, "Look, we've got more on our plate than we can handle. And we're going to go focus on getting this deal done for Cessna," because we were kind of first in the queue. And so I think we are the guy, I believe, that's getting the top priority and getting the energy put into it. And look, in the grand scheme of things, I don't like having a certification date slip out, but this is a relatively mild, modest slip. And I do believe these guys are dedicating the resource and everything they can to keep it on track. So, no, at this point, we're not in a position to try to go look for any kind of damages. I think they're in good faith doing everything they can to get us going.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Kristine T. Liwag - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Kristine Liwag calling in for Ron this morning. I guess my question comes from about Systems margins. So margins were down about 200 basis points this quarter even though revenue was up 8.5%. I just wondering if you can walk through maybe the factors that drove the margin contraction in this quarter?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think the most significant element is that these fee-for-service contracts were basically booking at 0 profit, right? So we had taken a charge last year and basically did a total program or task order estimate to complete that took it from a loss contract and basically booked forward on a breakeven basis. And so obviously, there is dilution to our overall margin rates associated with that. So I think, if you looked at the margins in our other businesses, they're standing where we would expect them to be in the double-digit, above double-digit kind of margin rates, but we're seeing dilution from our UAS business principally.
Frank T. Connor: Yes, the other place we saw a little bit of margin impact there from a volume-mix standpoint is in our armored security vehicle, where we're doing more reset volume relative to production volume than we had in some previous quarters. And so we saw some additional ASV volume that was reset volume with lower mix rather than production.
Kristine T. Liwag - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And last week, I heard from Defense Secretary Hagel that sequestration could cut investment [ph] account by 15% to 20% in fiscal year '14, so starting October 1. This cut is larger than what we've heard before. So are you seeing any sort of customer behavior changes? Or do you see further downside risk to your defense outlook for the rest of the year, particularly in the second half?
Scott C. Donnelly: I'm sorry, for the rest of this year?
Kristine T. Liwag - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes. Because right -- fiscal year '14 would start on October 1.
Frank T. Connor: Yes. No, I don't think we would expect that. And for us, like it's principally driven by the fact that we have a multiyear deal around V-22s. So we know what those unit volumes look like. Our other big deals with Cessna or at Bell, rather, are around H-1 and the unit volumes on the production side of that have been stable. Obviously, our Armored Security Vehicle businesses, our precision munition businesses are virtually all international businesses at this point, so they really have no exposure. The area that we're probably the most sensitive, with respect to sequestration issues, is around our unmanned air vehicle business and some of our intelligence software and geospatial analysis intel businesses, which are funded more on a year-to-year basis. And so when they change budgeting, those things can be affected year-to-year. And we've seen some pressure in those businesses, but not something that I would say is material. And we certainly don't have any reason to believe there'd be any material change to this calendar year with respect to the sequestration, further sequestration discussions.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Steve Levenson with Stifel.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Can you give us an update on the timetable for the 525, please?
Scott C. Donnelly: Sure. 525 is progressing very nicely. We'll be flying that aircraft next year, which was our original plan in 2014. We're obviously in work with the FAA around certification dates. We have not announced a certification date yet for that aircraft. But I think we -- it's still our expectation that we'll be flying it next year. And we'll likely certify -- we haven't given a hard date to customers yet, but probably sometime out in 2015.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And last, what stage are you on partnering on the V-280? Or is it a little premature for that still?
Scott C. Donnelly: We have a number of partners that are part of the V-280 program. And to be honest, I don't know how much we've publicly announced. So I got to be careful here that I don't announce something we haven't announced. But we have several partners. It's a very -- it's not a structure like we had with Boeing on the V-22, right, where it's a Bell-Boeing function. But we have a number of very strong partners that will have portions of the V-280 product. And those discussions are, frankly, pretty mature at this point, but we just haven't publicly announced them yet.
Douglas R. Wilburne: All right, thank you, ladies and -- go ahead. Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. Go ahead, Tani.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-17 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Management Committee and Member of Executive Committee Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jonathan Raviv George Shapiro Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Textron First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Doug Wilburne, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Douglas R. Wilburne: Thanks, Brad, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we'll be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Moving now to first quarter results, starting with Slide #3. Revenues in the quarter were $2.9 billion, approximately flat with the year ago. Income from continuing operations was $0.40 per share compared to earnings per share of $0.41 in the first quarter of 2012. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was a $425 million use of cash. First quarter pension contributions were $140 million. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott C. Donnelly: Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everybody. Manufacturing revenues were up slightly in the quarter based on strong commercial demand of Bell, increased deliveries of Textron Systems and sales growth at E-Z-GO. Unfortunately, demand for business jets was soft again this quarter. We were hopeful that demand would recover as the impact of last year's election and fiscal uncertainties were behind us. We also thought the recent strength in U.S. equity markets would have supported improved business confidence and therefore, business jet demand. Sales dialogue and customer recruit was reasonably active during the quarter. However, customers, especially in the light jet segment, who tend to be small business owners, continue to defer purchase decisions, reflecting continued concerns about their financial outlook. As a result, we delivered 32 new jets in the quarter, down from 38 a year ago, resulting in a segment loss in the quarter of $8 million. On the positive side, we continue to see good volume in the used market, leading to a significant increase in used jet sales, which resulted in higher overall Cessna revenue despite lower new deliveries. Looking forward, given the lack of recovery in the business jet market, we're reducing our 2013 business jet delivery outlook and now expect that deliveries will be down this year compared to 2012. This reflects our expectations for lower deliveries in the light category, partially offset by growth in the midsized category. Accordingly, we're adjusting our production schedules and implementing other appropriate cost actions at Cessna. In addition, we've initiated a salary workforce reduction program, the largest portion of which is a voluntary separation plan. While we are taking these immediate actions, we believe the global business market has significant long-term growth potential, and we remain committed to our new product plans, which include the introduction of the M2 and the new Sovereign and Citation X models later this year, as well as Latitude in 2015 and the Longitude in 2017. Moving now to our finance segments. Slowness in the business jet market resulted in only a few new loan originations during the quarter. However, segment profit benefited from good performance in our captive portfolio and a number of small asset transactions in our non-captive business. Shifting to industrial. We saw lower volumes in the quarter at Caltex as growth in North America was more than offset by weakness in both the European and Asian automotive markets. Greenlee and Jacobsen were down slightly, reflecting weakness in European markets, while E-Z-GO saw good growth, reflecting the success of new product introductions. Moving to systems. Revenues were up, reflecting growth in our UAS and weapons and sensor product lines. We continue to see operational improvement in our fee-for-service UAS programs, but as previously discussed, these are essentially break-even programs for us at this time. Finishing with Bell, operational results reflected good program execution in both military and commercial product lines. We did experience a decline in aftermarket deliveries during the quarter. This a result of the conversion to a new ERP system. I would note that the underlying aftermarket order flow actually remained quite strong. The global commercial original equipment demand environment also remained strong as we delivered 40 commercial helicopters in the first quarter versus 30 in last year's first quarter. We also had a very good showing at this year's Heli-Expo, announcing 2 new products, the Bell 412 EPI and the Bell 407 GT. The new 412 EPI includes a fully integrated glass flight deck and 1,400-pound increase in maximum hot and high payload capacity. These are significant enhancements to the value of what is already one of Bell's most versatile and reliable helicopters, and the customer response, so far, has been very positive. Likewise, the new Bell 407 GT, which is an armed version of the 407GX, incorporates an integrated glass cockpit and a fully configurable weapon system. We believe the GT will be an effective and affordable platform for foreign military and paramilitary applications. We also featured our new Relentless 525 flight simulator at HAI, demonstrating the steady progress we're making toward first flight next year. Overall, we had a very successful show, capped by the signing of 50 new commercial orders, including an agreement with Air Medical Group to deliver 30 helicopters over the next several years. During the quarter, the 429 model continued to add jurisdictions certifying a 500-pound increase in useful load. The most recent came from Indonesia, an important and growing helicopter market, making it the 17th country to approve the increased maximum gross weight. In the military business, we delivered 9 V-22s and 6 H-1s in the quarter, consistent with our customers' quarterly delivery schedules but down slightly compared to 10 V-22s and 7 H-1s in last year's first quarter. We are on track to deliver 40 V-22s and 25 H-1s in total this year. We also delivered our 100th H-1, marking an important milestone toward fulfilling the total program record of 349 units. We also delivered the first HMX V-22 units, which will serve presidential and other special missions. And finally, at last week's Army Aviation Association of America meeting in Fort Worth, we introduced the V280 Valor as our entry to the Army's request for joint multi-role future vertical lift aircraft. The Valor concept is a third-generation tiltrotor, featuring a fixed engine configuration with a target cruise speed of 280 knots and a combat range of up to 800 nautical miles. We believe this platform will prove to be the highest performance, most cost-effective solution to the Army's future mission requirements. To wrap up, despite a challenging first quarter, most of our businesses were on track for a solid year, with the notable exception of Cessna, which necessitated a change in our operational plans and our overall outlook. On this basis, we're reducing our guidance for earnings per share from continuing operations to a range of $1.90 to $2.10. We're also lowering projected cash flow from continuing operations of the manufacturing group before pension contributions to about $400 million as a result of the lower expected Citation deliveries. We remain focused on continuing to improve our operational execution and cost productivity, while, at the same time, we're also committed to continue our investments in new products and sales capabilities to grow the business over the long term. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank T. Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $235 million, down $24 million from the first quarter of 2012 on approximately flat revenues. Let's look at how each of the segments contributed, starting with Cessna. At Cessna, revenues were up $39 million from this period last year, primarily the result of $81 million increase in preowned aircraft sales. We also had an $18 million or about 9% increase in aftermarket revenues. The segment had a loss of $8 million compared to a loss of $6 million a year ago. This reflected lower new jet deliveries and pricing, including the impact of selling our 5 remaining legacy Sovereigns and higher pension cost, partially offset by an improvement in mix. Looking to the second quarter, keep in mind that there will be no new Sovereign or X deliveries, and we expect to record costs of about $25 million for the workforce action that Scott discussed. At Bell, revenues were down $45 million on decreased V-22 and H-1 deliveries and lower commercial aftermarket sales, partially offset by increased commercial unit sales. Segment profit decreased $16 million from the first quarter in 2012, primarily reflecting the lower overall volumes. At Textron Systems, revenues were up $52 million, reflecting higher UAS and weapons volumes. Segment profit increased $3 million. Industrial revenues decreased $28 million, reflecting lower automotive volumes and a $4 million negative foreign exchange impact. Segment profit decreased $16 million, mainly due to lower volumes and unfavorable mix. Moving to Finance. Revenues decreased $19 million from last year's first quarter, reflecting lower finance receivables, while segment profit was up $7 million. Credit performance remained relatively steady during the quarter with non-accruals of $147 million and 60-day delinquencies of $80 million. Lastly, moving to corporate items. Corporate expenses were $55 million, and we remain on track for our full year forecast of about $160 million. Interest expense was $37 million, up $2 million from a year ago. On the tax line, our rate reflected benefits primarily related to the impact of the reenacted U.S. R&D tax credit. We're still on track for our original full year tax guidance of 29%. Moving to our consolidated cash flows, which is the last schedule attached to our press release. We ended the quarter with $791 million in consolidated cash, down $622 million from the end of the fourth quarter. The drawdown in cash in the quarter reflected a net reduction in debt of $236 million; inventory increases, primarily at Bell; $140 million in contributions to our pension plans; slower payments on military contracts; and seasonal incentive compensation payments. During the second quarter, we will retire $250 million principal amount remaining on our convert at the Textron level, and we have $371 million scheduled debt repayments at TFC. That concludes our prepared remarks. So Brad, we can open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go to our first question from Robert Stallard with Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Scott, I was wondering if you'd kick off with Cessna. Last quarter, you commented that there had been a pickup in used activity and also used pricing. Now it seems used activity has continued in Q1. I was wondering if you could clarify how the used pricing has progressed.
Scott C. Donnelly: Rob, I'd say the pricing has been pretty flat. I mean, the market is -- definitely continued to be strong in terms of the number of transactions. Obviously, you see that in our numbers this quarter, as we've sold a lot of aircraft. I think the market -- the used market in total continues to move. I think that's representative. We've seen a little bit of a tick-down again in terms of used available for sale. But I would say, we still see it as pretty challenged in terms of the pricing itself there in the used market.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, secondly, on Cessna, you said it's going to be down this year in terms of new deliveries. I was wondering if you could give us an idea of just about how much it's going to be down.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, look, I mean, we try to stay away from exact numbers on this, Rob. But I think when you look at how we would guide, we're probably talking about a couple of hundred million dollars or so on the top line. It's mostly in the light jet markets. So I'd say from there, you can kind of probably make reasonable estimations in terms of the number of aircraft that we're talking about cutting back. And that's really kind of our revised forecast, as much as we hate doing this. And by the way, we're still out there selling hard. I mean, we're going to do everything we can do to sell aircraft. We're pretty happy, I think, with the effectiveness of what our sales teams are doing. I think our share feels good. But we just have to be open about the fact that, that light market just hasn't recovered at this point, contrary to our expectations. And so we're going to scale back some of the production and reduce the number of aircraft that are out there in that space because I think the demand just isn't there.
Operator: And our next question is going to come from Carter Copeland with Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a quick question on the reduction in the cash flow guidance, which you said was attributable to the lower Citation deliveries. Does that reflect a more sizable cut to your anticipated deliveries versus production? How should we think about the mismatch there and if that's really just inventory that will build up over the course of the year?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, it just really is inventory. The challenge, obviously, as we sit here at this time of the year, is to make a substantive change to the production schedule on those aircraft. An awful lot of that material is already in-house. Clearly, one of the things that we'll do as we go through the production change is we'll build things out to logical points in their build cycle so those aircraft are sort of in an appropriate stage of work in progress before we shut down various portions of the production line. And that just means we're going to have inventory, clearly, that's going to roll over to the end of the year as opposed to going out in sold aircraft.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And with respect to the Cessna margin in your previous guidance, it looks like the cost actions are worth about 1%, but you've lowered the guidance by $0.20. So if it's all related to Cessna, it sort of implies margins that are closer to breakeven. Is that correct?
Scott C. Donnelly: It's principally related -- almost all of the $0.20 is related to Cessna, that's correct.
Operator: And our next question is going to come from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Scott, I wondered if you could help me think about backlog. I know we've asked this before, and the discussion is that it's just not as important right now. But first, Cessna specifically. The Cessna backlog was actually more stable in the quarter than it's been in a while. I mean, implied dollar bookings and dollar book-to-bill was as high as it's been in a while. Can you just talk about what the moving pieces were in that backlog and how it's possible that you are kind of okay with production levels while backlog kept coming down and now that it's sort of finally seeing some stabilization that's driving the production level decrease?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, Noah, look, we've always -- first of all, if you look at backlog in the quarter, I mean, basically, what it reflects is that we're taking orders and delivering in the same quarter. So there's not a whole lot of stuff going in and out of backlog, right? You're taking an order for an aircraft and you deliver the aircraft, so there's not a whole lot of change going on in the backlog. In terms of...
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: But [indiscernible], right? And the degree to which that happened in the quarter was at least less than it's been over the past several quarters, right?
Scott C. Donnelly: I mean, that's been the mode that we've been in, right? So, I mean, we have been, obviously, building to a forecast as opposed to building a backlog for the last several years. Our initial intent as we went into this year is, given the dynamics that we saw in the marketplace, that we would start to see stronger demand than we saw in the second half of last year in terms of the lights, and we're just not seeing that manifest. So at this point, I think it's appropriate for us to say we're not seeing that volume, and we just don't see the number of customer discussions going on that we believe are going to come to closure that would justify continuing at that build rate.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I guess, I'm also wondering, is this very specifically Mustang? Because when I look at the deliveries in the quarter that was very light, whereas some of the bigger metal or a lot of the bigger metal was really kind of flat or even up year-over-year. But I know you don't make much money on those and you're lowering the margin outlook so that would imply it's not just Mustang. I know you don't to want to get specific on aircraft, but can you...
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, it's okay. I mean, when we talk about the light category, we're talking about Mustang through the CJ4. So -- and look, part of the dynamic is when you look at what's going on in the marketplace, there is obviously tighter pricing here as well, right? I mean, so I think that one of the things that we see that's becoming more and more difficult and sort of more and more difficult here in the first quarter is that in order for transactions to happen, there are expectations of lower and lower price. And I get to a point here where we're not going to play that game anymore, so we're going to take some of the capacity out of what's out there trying to transact because we're not going to do deals at price levels that people seem to think that our level is -- has to be for them to make the transaction happen.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Have some of the aircraft beyond Mustang through CJ4 been a little better than you expected or no?
Scott C. Donnelly: I don't know that they're better than we would've expected. The XLSs have been doing well. We did sell the last 5 Sovereigns that we had of the pre-block-point-change model. That, of course, is never a particularly strong pricing environment, when you're trying to get that lesser-grade aircraft. But it's -- people know they're buying the last of that model type. So I think that XLS activity was good. And obviously, there's a lot of discussion going on around the block point change for the Sovereign and some orders we're starting to take for that. So again, I -- we really do see -- the market behavior in that medium segment has been more consistent with our expectations, whereas the light side has been weaker. And again, it just seems for transactions to happen it's at a price point that I don't think we want to play.
Operator: And we'll go on to the next line of Joe Nadol with JPMorgan.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Scott, on Cessna, just one more there. What are your customers telling your sales force exactly as to why activity -- why does your sales team believe that activity did have a slower start to the year than you were expecting a couple of months ago?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, Joe, I mean, there's kind of noise all over the place, right? There's -- These are mostly small business guys, so their taxes have gone up. They read all the political nonsense, all this corporate jet loopholes, which, by the way, they mean depreciation, which I'm not sure why that's a loophole since it's actually in the tax code and always has been. You've got this new proposal on user fees, which, I think, is very unlikely that's actually going to go through. But again, it's get thrown on the table, to whack everybody $100 for every flight on top of all their existing operating costs. And people are still a little concerned about where the economy is. So -- and you also have the pressure. It ties back to commentary earlier on the used aircraft pricing. As long as the used aircraft pricing is pretty tough, that means the collateral value of their current aircraft is not as strong as they'd like it to be. So when you look at all those kind of moving pieces, it just -- it kind of leads guys to say, "I'll wait a little while and/or give me a lower price to help incent me to do it." And that's the part of the -- I think it's to say if that's really where the market is, then we'll back off on production and just accept that there's less demand out there in the marketplace.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. On the restructuring actions that you're taking, the $25 million, is that mostly labor or do you have an opportunity to take out other fixed costs besides just labor?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, the $25 million is virtually all related to severance of employee costs and obviously, as a result -- salary cost. And so as a result, that will obviously accrete back over the balance of this year into the beginning of next year in terms of lower payroll.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then...
Scott C. Donnelly: There aren't any -- there's no write-offs of equipment or things like that. It's just running at a lower rate.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. And then just finally, on the sequester, could you help size -- it doesn't look like you saw much impact in the quarter, if any. But could you help size, as we think about the Bell military aftermarket, what that business looks like for you right now in terms of size and profitability and what you think -- how you're looking at the rest of the year playing out? And if there's any thoughts on systems along the same lines.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, sir, you're right. I mean, I think, at this point, we're seeing sequestration issues sort of on the margins, if you will. I would expect it in the aftermarket side of Bell. There will be some pressure in that area. And some of it's going to be OPTEMPO related as things continue to wind down and some of the conflicts. Although I don't see that as being a material number or something that would give us any pause in terms of either our guidance this year or frankly, our own -- our internal thoughts in terms of our long-range plans. So yes, some impact here and there, but nothing material. I think on the system side, as we talked before, the issues that -- or the areas I worry about is that we could see a little bit of impact probably around some of our UAS business and some of the programs associated with that because they are year-to-year funded. And I think it's quite conceivable that in some of those programs, there could be a slowdown of deliveries on some of the upgrade programs or refurbishment programs. There can be some things in some of our intelligence software-related businesses, where some of those agencies have taken a bit of a haircut on sequestration, and it wouldn't be surprising to see them scale back accordingly on some of their acquisitions of some of their intelligence software and upgrade products and things like that. So -- but again, I -- we don't have, at this point, any visibility whatsoever that would say that we have a major program that would be impacted by this or cancellation or anything of that nature, so I really do think that at least this year and what visibility we have in those programs as they go into the 2014 timeframe. Will there be some pressures? I think everybody will have some pressures, but they're all sort of on the margins, not a significant or major program cancellation.
Operator: And our next question is from Jason Gursky with Citi.
Jonathan Raviv: Actually, Jon Raviv in for Jason. A quick question on V-22. I was just wondering, given the recent budget of V-22 was in line, but going longer term, out to '15, what are you thinking in terms of international orders and how that impacts expected volumes when the multiyear resets in 2015.
Scott C. Donnelly: Okay. So obviously, the current multiyear is unaffected. The next, multiyear 2 [ph], which have been negotiated, it's now in the process, now the government has authority to go ahead and enter into that contract. That's working its way through the process and should be done here, I would guess, within the next 30 days or so. It goes through the normal congressional notification, and there's just timelines associated with that. But I think that will be signed here shortly. In terms of foreign opportunities, there has been no change in that regard. We have a couple of customers that are already in, I would say, detailed discussions with respect to buying V-22s. Those discussions continue to progress quite well. I wouldn't expect to see any kind of a formal announcement until you get to the point where this is something that's going to be notified to Congress. I mean, these will be FMS transactions, obviously, so they have to go through that process. But in terms of anything that's going on from a budgetary standpoint, we haven't seen any impact to bring in those deals to conclusion.
Jonathan Raviv: And then just in terms of volume in 2015, what are the sort of pluses and minuses in terms of where we might go to from like 40 [ph] this year?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, the 2015 number is unchanged and I wouldn't...
Frank T. Connor: 24.
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, it's 24, and I wouldn't expect that, frankly, at this stage, to be changed by one of these Foreign Military Sales opportunities. It's just we're getting too close to the timeline in terms of production volumes to make any kind of a material change to that. I do think it's possible in one or maybe even both cases of the deals that are sort of in the works that it's possible that our customer may allocate a couple of those aircraft to start the initial deliveries with a foreign customer. But it's too soon really to know. But I think that I would not expect to see much change to that number of 24 in 2015. So in the FMS volumes, once we get under contract, would really be added onto the volumes in the -- probably the '16, '17 timeframe.
Operator: And our next question is going to come from George Shapiro with Shapiro Research.
George Shapiro: Scott, I wanted to pursue one more with Cessna. When you announced on April 2 that you were going to have a reduction in indirect people at Cessna, you made a comment production rates are unchanged. And now 2 weeks later, they're coming down. I was just wondering if anything happened significantly in the last 2 weeks to have that change.
Scott C. Donnelly: Look, George, I would say that the conversations that Scott and I had, which, frankly, go back into March around what was going on in the business, what we were looking at in terms of market recovery and such that we really probably need to take another look at the underlying cost in the business, okay? Because even at that time, we're expecting 2012 -- '13 to be kind of flat to '12, okay? So it's not like there was an expectation of a big recovery, and we decided that we needed to take some cost out of the business to give ourselves some headroom. We don't like coming in to every quarter -- and at that time, we're trying to figure out, "Okay, are we going to make money? Are we not going to make money?" We decided to do some resizing of the business to make sure that even in the event of 38 jets, we made sure that we had a profitable business. And so the decision was taken at that time to do a voluntary reduction program. We have an awful lot of stuff going on at Cessna, as you guys know, right? We have a lot of new product programs. We have a lot of people working hard to do a lot of good things, and we are trying to balance getting some cost out of the business without, frankly, putting the business through a very traumatic time. And we've already gone through an awful lot of layoffs and reductions at Cessna over the last years. So we concluded to do the voluntary program, and we've put that into place, okay? So when you talk about that April 2, that's when we actually announced it to employees and kind of opened the window to the voluntary program. What happened with respect to production programs, George, is that we got to the end of the quarter, and frankly, all the way, coming up to the end of the quarter, we thought we had visibility to getting the 38 jets that we had in the plan. And we just had too much activity, particularly in the light side of the business, with customers who were talking about doing a deal, talking about doing a deal, who, again, are looking for more price at the end to close those deals. And as you can see, we ended up with 32 not 38. So we're not going to do that, and that's when we countered the decision. So look, guys, this is -- we're trying to put -- we're trying force transactions that just don't need to happen right now, and that's when we undertook the decision to go in on the light segment and make a material change to our production plans. And therefore, we need to tell you guys we made a material change to our production plans on the lights and have reset our sales targets and goals. And again, as I said earlier, it doesn't mean we're not going to be out there selling. We're continuing to grow our sales force. We're going to continue to do all those things, so we don't miss any deal. We've maintained our share. We'll continue to do that. But I think what we concluded by seeing the dynamic as we came into the end of the quarter is that the market really hasn't recovered or frankly, stayed as stable as we'd like to see and we ought to react to that by taking down on our production.
George Shapiro: Okay. And a couple more on gross book-to-bill, Scott, was that much different than slightly below 1 net book-to-bill? I mean, we've done with these older cancellations that we...
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, there were only a couple of cancellations in there. So I mean, gross book-to-bill was actually just a bit above 1.
George Shapiro: Okay. And can you share what percentage of the deliveries for the rest of this year you might expect to come out of the current backlog versus how much yet you still need to get orders for?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, I don't think we'll...
Unknown Executive: [indiscernible]
Scott C. Donnelly: We've got the new products -- obviously, the M2s, which are in the third and fourth quarter, the Xs that are in the fourth quarter, I mean, these are orders that are already booked. So they're -- certainly, all the new models are coming out of backlog.
Douglas R. Wilburne: And we began to build some on the Sovereigns.
George Shapiro: Okay. And so we'll see no more Sovereign deliveries until the new ones because you basically stopped production and you're done with the inventory. Would the...
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, that's correct, George. We had 5 Sovereigns that were the last 5 of that model type. All 5 of those aircraft sold in the first quarter, and so you'll start to see deliveries of block-point-changed Sovereigns in Q3.
George Shapiro: Okay. And one last point, if I might. Industrial, that was weaker than I thought. You mentioned mix. Do I assume then that, relatively speaking, China was worse than Europe? Because I thought you do better in China than you do in Europe?
Scott C. Donnelly: It was. The -- and the specific issue in China is that our strongest segment of our business in China is our manufacturing that's in China for the Japanese OEMs. And as we said at the end of last year, we saw -- well, in the last year, we saw a dramatic softening in that business as a result of some of the friction here between China and Japan. In essence, there was some boycotting of Japanese product even though it's manufactured in China, and that continued into the first quarter.
Frank T. Connor: Just to be clear, George, our results in the first quarter CapEx were not inconsistent with our expectations.
Scott C. Donnelly: We expected -- I mean, we knew, based on what was happening late last year, George, that, that -- it was very likely that the friction with respect to Japan and China would continue and affect the sales of those models in China, and it has.
Operator: And our next question is going to come from Cai Von Rumohr with Cowen and Company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So a couple more questions on Cessna. Could you tell us what was the size of the preowned loss in the first quarter? Was R&D up? And give us some color on the pattern of the P&L for the year. I mean, is the second quarter likely to be in the red as a result of the $25 million charge?
Scott C. Donnelly: Oh, yes, I would absolutely say so, Cai. And again, recognizing that $25 million is something which will accrete back over the balance of the year. But absolutely, when we take the costs of making those severance payments in the second quarter, that will for sure push Cessna into the red. On top of that, we have no Sovereign sales in the quarter because we don't have any block point until the third quarter. And yes, we've had some R&D and SG&A growth. Again, we're putting more sales and resource out there on Cessna, which I think we'll need to continue to do.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then to the question of preowned losses. How large were they?
Frank T. Connor: Yes. The used, kind of net of any forfeitures, was mid-single digits, and there was a low-single digit headwind year-over-year.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then update us -- I think you mentioned M2 in the third quarter. At one point, I thought that was going to be in the fourth. And [indiscernible]
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, I think, Cai, you and I have communicated incorrectly multiple times on this. And I'm not sure whether you started it or I started it, but the M2 will start deliveries in the third quarter.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just the Sovereign is in Q3, early Q3. And when are we talking about the TEN?
Scott C. Donnelly: The X, by the way, we've gone back to just calling it the X because despite our best efforts, people just want to call it the X, so we've conceded that. The X will be the fourth quarter.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then you had a strong profit maybe as indicated, but the profit at TFC, how -- what was the reason there for that profit and the outlook for selling any additional markdown assets?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, there were a couple of relatively smaller transactions in the non-captive business, where we're still closing transactions, particularly in the Golf Mortgage portfolio where we have been able to close those at better values than were on the book, and so those resulted in some gains. In terms of the captive business, while there weren't a lot of originations in the quarter, the losses and provisioning and just general operation of the business was pretty solid.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then normally, you provided kind of updated sales and profit guidance for the year. I mean, can you offer any of that? You said Cessna is down a couple of hundred million in light jet sales. But any other color on any of these businesses? I mean...
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, the only changes that we see in terms of our -- well, what led to our change in guidance, Cai, as I said, you're probably talking about a couple of hundred million dollars or so of revenue at Cessna, which will translate to a low, very low-single digit margin. And that really is the lion's share of the $0.20 reduction. So I mean, I think that math is easy to do. We probably will have and the revised guidance does reflect about a $10 million improvement in the knock that we would expect out of the Finance segment. The rest of the guidance in terms of revenue, margin rates are unchanged.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So really, the shortfall of Bell was related to the ERP issue and you expect to catch that up over the remainder of the year?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, absolutely. We were light on commercial spares. We shut the plant down for a week to make this transition so that put some pressure on us. But I'd actually say that the change has gone fairly well, considering big changes usually don't go well, but it's gone fairly well. But we got a little behind on a number of issues. Just kind of working our way through the bugs in the system that impacted spares, both military and commercial, but commercial probably most significantly. The demand in terms of orders on the commercial spares side actually was strong, and I would expect here, over the next couple of quarters, we will get those spares that are sort of in arrears, if you will, delivered.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And then, the last one, any change in the tax rate expectations? You mentioned corp expenses still the same. Any other changes to the P&L we should be aware of?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, we don't expect -- as Frank said, I think the year -- the total year tax rate should be in line with what we expected. Obviously, this quarter because of the full year last year of R&D tax credit, as well as this quarter of the 2013 year, it just resulted in an unusually low number. But we would expect on target for the total year.
Operator: And our next question will come from Peter Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: I guess no Cessna questions left at this point, but let me just ask another one on Bell. Could you just remind us the expected year-over-year decline in margin rate at Bell? Outside of this Q1 issue, what's driving the expected margin rate decline?
Scott C. Donnelly: Sure, it's mix largely driven by growth in commercial original equipment sales. So we expect to see a significant growth, as we saw this quarter, right, with 40 commercial aircraft versus 30. We expect to continue that sort of trend through the balance of the year. And as we've also talked about in the past, we have pretty significant increases in R&D, largely attributable to the 525, also a fair bit attributable now, as you see, on the V-280 Valor for the future Army program. And we see some increases, obviously, in SG&A as, again, we continue to expand and drive sales to keep growing in the commercial sector.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So no real change to military OE this year?
Scott C. Donnelly: No. As we've said before, there's always a pressure point on that as we renegotiate contracts around the next multiyear on V-22, which will really be a 2015 impact. Every year we go through renegotiation on rates on the H-1s. But at the same time, we're also trying to drive productivity and figure out how to recoup some of those costs, so there's always some pressure on the military side. But really, what's driving the margin here in 2013 is just disproportional growth on the commercial original equipment side, combined in particular with the R&D growth for 525 and the V-280.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of David Strauss with UBS.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: On the delivery guidance at Cessna, are deliveries -- non-Mustang deliveries going to be actually lower year-over-year? Or are we -- just most of the year-over-year decline is related to the Mustang?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, this includes Mustang, but also the CJ2, 3 and 4.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then, Scott, I think, from what I've gathered, you've had some fairly high-level departures, sales force departures at Cessna. Can you just talk about maybe what's going on there, how you're restructuring the sales force at Cessna?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, we've had a lot of changes in the sales force at Cessna over the last few years, and I would say probably the most challenging for some of our people has been the fact that we're adding a lot of sales people. So we've taken regions and we've broken them into considerably smaller regions because we feel we need to do that to get better coverage. I think most of our sales people understand that, and they recognize that having a smaller region and getting better coverage will ultimately lead to more overall sales for the company. But obviously, it puts pressure on individual guys because they don't have as big an area to work with. And most of our folks have been good with that. We've made it a good transition for them, and we've added some real talent in terms of the sales team and the number of people that we have in the sales team. But frankly, we've had some people that have a hard time getting their head around that, right? They say, "Well, jeez, I used to have 10 states, now I only have 3 states." And that's hard for some of them to accept that. And obviously, we try to work with them and say, "Guys, this is not about you. It's not that you're not doing a good job. It's that we've asked you to cover a sales territory that's just bigger than one human being could reasonably cover and really talk to customers and know what's going on and find new opportunities." And as I said, most have been great about that. And we've made adjustments, and I think it's working, if you look at our share for what market is out there. But in some cases, it's just too much for somebody to get their head around and so be it.
Operator: And next we'll come to Julian Mitchell with Crdit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just on Cessna, I just wanted to follow up on the delivery sort of outlook commentary in that business. I mean, your deliveries were down sort of double digits in Q1. Revenues were up slightly, so I'm just looking at the rest of the 9 months. I mean, what kind of slope of year-on-year change in Cessna deliveries are you embedding? Are you embedding the fact that the year-on-year trend should be fairly similar to what you had in Q1 or with the new jets, with the easy comps, you'll actually get a decent recovery in the second half?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think given our revised guidance and expectations around the light segment of the market that you would expect to see, given that we'll be down in total year-over-year, that we'll continue to see fewer jet sales per quarter. Now one thing to keep in mind is I think it will be particularly low in the second quarter because you don't have any Sovereigns in that quarter. As you get to the third and fourth quarter, it's likely to be closer. Keep in mind, there's always variability here from quarter-to-quarter. So I mean, this is all sort of rough numbers for you, but clearly, given the revised guidance in total for the year, you'll expect to see a smaller number of jet deliveries for the total year.
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Sure. But the guidance, I guess, does it therefore embed, based on what you just said, that in Q3 and Q4, it's down somewhat as well year-on-year?
Scott C. Donnelly: I don't -- I have not -- we don't have that quite that refined a process. But I mean, certainly, it was down in the first quarter. I would expect it to be down more so in the second quarter, particularly with the Sovereigns not being in there. And so third and fourth quarter will probably be close in terms of number of actual deliveries. But it's just hard to estimate that at this point.
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Sure, okay. And then just on capital allocation, and so on, I mean, the manufacturing cash flow guidance has obviously been adjusted. I just wondered what the updated thoughts were on things like the dividend outlook and so on in light of that, the weak cash flow you had Q1.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, the dividend outlook, I think, remains. Our position is, right now, our capital requirements are to continue to pay down debt. We did that in the first quarter. We have some fairly significant paydowns that happened here in the second quarter, and we have not published or decided on any revised dividend strategy at this point.
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, just thinking about the cost base for businesses beyond just Cessna. Obviously, the South Korean contract has been somewhere else in the last day or 2. The Industrial profits are down 20%. I mean, it sounds like the trends in things like Bell and in Industrial are in line with what you had thought at the end of January. But I wondered if there was any sense of sort of preparation of plans for other segments in terms of cost reduction beyond just Cessna at this point.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, so I mean, I think, if you look at all the businesses, at Bell, in fact, there are some cost-reduction programs that are already underway in anticipation of some of the lower military volumes that we see as we go out into that '15 and on timeframe. This thing you mentioned with South Korea is certainly not something we've had in our plans, either near or long term. That's very much -- the product that was ultimately selected there is already very, very embedded in the country and utilized there. So it wouldn't have been a huge transition, frankly, I think to have gone a different direction and going with the Apache in South Korea, so that was never in our plans. And so there's no action we would take as a result of that. There are a number of other FMS opportunities. They're obviously in awards that we think will be things that we have a very real shot at winning on one front. But anyway, we have cost takeout plans and programs that are already underway at Bell, to cite that business, consistent with the military ramp-down, somewhat obviously offset by the fact that we have a growing commercial business. On the Industrial businesses, we're always looking very hard at the costs of that . We did have a much lower margin rate than we would like to have had on a normal basis in the quarter, although we sort of expected that given the dynamics of what was going on, particularly with automotive business in Europe and even more so in Asia, but again, consistent with our plans. So I don't think -- there's not a need or plan at this point that we'd announce any kind of a major restructuring in any of those areas. I think we're just going through some unusual market dynamics, and we'll work our way through that.
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then just lastly, on Bell, the margins there. You mentioned sort of specific issues around commercial aftermarket. And so -- I mean, is the assumption that those are now sort of finished and so Q2, you should see a decent margin ramp off the Q1 margin level that you saw? Or are they going to be similar?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, the issue, with respect to the systems transition in the first quarter, was around commercial and to some degree, military spares. And certainly, over the next couple of quarters, those things will catch up. There will continue, however, to be pressure on Bell in terms of margins. And that's factored by the fact that, I think, we'll continue to see growth in the commercial original equipment market, and we'll continue to have the same pressures that we saw in this quarter in terms of increased R&D spending associated with our new product programs. So I don't think there's anything -- there's nothing to happen in the first quarter or any dynamics or changes that we see that are inconsistent with the guidance that we provided for Bell Helicopter for the year.
Operator: And our next question is from Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Scott, so not to beat a dead horse, but kind of back to Cessna, what kind of indicators would you need to see to -- you take the cost out of the business through the voluntary stuff, to start going the other way? I mean, what would give you the confidence to say, "Hey, you know what, actually things are getting better?" What would you need to see?
Scott C. Donnelly: More customers signing the bottom line on the deal.
Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Right. And the whole...
Scott C. Donnelly: I mean, I don't mean to be trite, Ron. I mean, you know this is a tough situation, right? But this is -- I just want to be very clear. This is just our view of the market. And as we went through the quarter, despite -- Ron, you've been in this game a long time as well, right? You look at what's going on with used aircraft sales, you look at used available for sale. I mean, all of the corporate profits. You look at all of the sort of what would be the leading indicators, and all those leading indicators would tell you this market's turning. And yet, we didn't see it turning. And so I think that we have just to sort of face the facts and say, "Guys, it hasn't turned yet." Now I don't know, in 3 months, 6 months, it's -- we can't guess. The good news for us, if you want to look at it as the good news, is we have the inventory. So the material is there. If in the next 3 months or 6 months or 9 months, we start to see more demand where those customers, particularly in that light side of the market, are saying, "Okay, it's time for me to trade my aircraft." And again, most of these guys now have had aircraft much longer than they usually have aircraft. But once we start to see that, we have the ability to react to that. We have material in-house. We have the ability to do final assembly. We can put these things together. We can sell these aircraft. So we won't change our strategy in terms of increasing our sales resource out there. So we're talking to these customers, we know what's going on, we know where they're at. The only difference here is we're not going to try to grow forced deals. We're going to let the market recover and want the deals to take place.
Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Yes, that makes sense. So just another quick question, so in the quarter, I mean, the cash flow, you talked about it a little bit, I just want to see if I really understand what's going on. So inventory went up, so a lot of that cash that was used in the quarter was just inventory at Cessna. Is that right?
Scott C. Donnelly: Actually, some at Cessna. Really, the big inventory build in the quarter was at Bell, and that's really because of the original equipment. Obviously, we had a fair number of dollars here of spare parts that didn't get shipped, okay. So there's a chunk of it that's just -- stuff that's sitting there. As we put the new system and just getting stuff shipped, build and moved is an issue. So that stuff, sitting inventory, which should have translated into revenue, and that will happen here over the next couple of quarters. But also, the fact that we're ramping the number of commercial helicopters. And again, the market on the commercial side, I think, is strong. I think we're going to continue to see good order and sales flow through the balance of the year. And we had what is unusually high amount of inventory build going into Bell, but it's mostly driven by -- again, some of it is sales that should have happened on the spare parts. But a fair chunk of it is just stuff now going to the work in process that will sell out through commercial helicopters in the balance of the year.
Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then maybe one more, if I can. Maybe a much bigger-picture question, and I'm not asking you for guidance for future years. I know you can't do that. But when you think about your plan for the company, what if the business jets stayed slow for a while, I mean, longer than anybody hoped and you do get into an environment where V-22 numbers start coming down? This next multiyear is smaller, right? Probably the same thing happens to H-1. What do you do then? I mean how do you think about growing the business in that backdrop?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, obviously that's a challenge, right? I mean, I think, look, if you look at Bell, '13 is quite solid, '14 is quite solid. It's really when you get into 2015 that we have this transition where you see the V-22 numbers coming down. There's not a big transition at H-1 at that point. But part of it, obviously, is Bell on its own, what are we doing in terms of driving growth on the commercial side. The 525 program really kicks in, I think, and we'll start to see revenue generation and margin in the '16, '17 timeframe. So I think Bell on its own continue to be -- can continue to be a company, a business that grows. But there's no question that '15 will be a challenging year for them because you're really transitioning out of the V-22 volumes and you're not yet into the 525 volumes. Now obviously, we're working hard on 412s, and you're looking at the 407s. A lot of things we just announced is designed to drive commercial helicopter growth even before we get to the 525. But there's no question that 2015 is a bit of a swing year in there for Bell. On the Cessna front, I think we're in the fifth year -- it seems like about 20, but I think we're in the fifth year of sort of no growth in the business jet business. We still sort of have to believe this thing. It is a real market. It's a place that, at some point, needed to get back to growth, and I think every market forecast would tell you that. So does that not happen? I mean, we thought, surely, that happens in '13. If it doesn't happen by '15, I think that's -- again, that's way too far out for me to figure that out. Obviously, with the block point stuff coming in here at the end of the year, we think we've done some revamps to the product line that will help us. Also, by the way, when you get out to 2015, you've got the Latitude coming in, which is a fantastic new product. And this is an industry where new products do tend to drive growth, so I think we'll see that. So I think, as you say, it's too early, certainly, for us to even think about any kind of guidance in that range. But there are things that we're doing to try to drive growth through that 2015 around not just hoping the market does things, but also trying to do things in terms of new product. That's probably all I can say about it at this point.
Operator: And our next question will come from Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a clarification first, the couple of hundred million, that's relatively isolated to the light market, it sounds like, which, just back of the envelope, would look like a pretty significant, kind of a 25%, 30% reduction year-on-year in your light market deliveries. Is that about what you're looking at x M2?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, that's probably about right. Correct, x M2.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I guess at a high level, Scott, I'm sure you're getting tired of transition years in Cessna, so I'm curious, is this new look at production kind of a different approach, a way to purposely undershoot the demand curve, maybe claw back some pricing. And is the market now rational enough, without Hawker out there, that you could do that and this is actually maybe a positive?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I mean, I am a believer in supply, demand. And I think we are at a point here where we're going to try to have to rationalize that and make a better estimate of trying to match supply and demand. I would say there's no question in my mind that as we look at the first quarter, our expectations for demand were nowhere near as strong as we thought they would be, and we had too much supply. And when you have that situation, I don't think that's particularly healthy from a pricing perspective. So there's no question that this is an effort on our part to do a better job of matching up supply and demand.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess, the question is more about, are you trying to purposely undershoot demand so that you can effectively take some medicine now, allow the absorption to happen and then have a better profile going forward, hopefully, as the market rationalizes.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, look, I think we're trying to match it. If we go under it a little bit, I'm not sure that's all bad.
Operator: And we'll move on to the next line, coming from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Just a couple of quick follow-ups to all this. One of my questions is kind of analogous to the prior question. If you look at kind of 3 years here in a row of kind of 180 units, plus or minus, and now we're going down, I mean, to what extent do you think the market actually was not allowed to clear, over this timeframe, through the actions of yourself and others on creative trade-ins and other things? And can you actually -- I'm sure you understand the gist of the question. Can you judge really the magnitude or if that is in fact an issue when there's a period of kind of further burning off kind of maybe the overproduction -- although it seems crazy to think 180 was overproduction, but burning off the overproduction of the last few years?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, Jeff, I mean, obviously, it's very hard to gauge that. I don't think there's any question that the market was quite soft. As you say, it's hard to believe that 180 is too much, right, from our standpoint. And keep in mind, people don't push somebody's arm to buy a jet, right? I mean, this is a significant capital outlay, so it's not like you're going to force somebody to do it. But I do think that as a result of trying to sell aircraft when you do have a little too much supply, you're going to do things, from a pricing standpoint, that probably you should not do. And I think if you look at -- shares and whatnot have largely held steady through these phases. And I think we're just at a point right now where, from my view, clearly, we were going to have too much supply and that was going to create a lot of downward pressure on pricing in an industry that's already been a tough spot on pricing. So I'll just, to some degree, say, "Okay, guys, look we just -- we don't have this lined up right this year and we're going to make an adjustment." So look, I don't want to be in a situation necessarily where if you have a customer that really wants to buy an aircraft that we don't have an aircraft available. But on the other hand, I think, we have to balance that with not having to go out and try to incent deals to happen that would not otherwise happen. So I mean, it's very -- there's no facts in this, right, Jeff? I mean, I do think we -- supply, demand is a very real thing. And I would probably say, yes, there has been too much supply, not enormously too much supply probably, I mean, as these transactions happen. But it looked to me like we're in a situation here where if we maintain the rates we have, we clearly are going to have too much supply.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Is the overhang from kind of plummeting Hawker used aircraft prices a big part of what's going on with your outlook for the year? Or is that more just kind of a headwind, an issue around the edges?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think the challenge for customers, okay, for guys that are operating Hawker aircraft, obviously, at some point, these guys are going to trade those aircraft in and buy new aircraft, just like any model of aircraft. There's nothing specific or unique going on there. But there's no question, as I said earlier, if you look at what's happened to the residual values of some of those aircraft, that is creating a challenge for some of those customers. Because that spread between what they can get for that used aircraft and what a new replacement is, is greater. So yes, I think that, that -- what we've seen in terms of those residual values is going to be, frankly, a long-term challenge for a lot of those customers because their collateral is just worth less. They're still going to want to upgrade. They're still going to do that over time, but it is going to put some financial pressure on them.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Right. And then, finally just on FMS for V-22. Obviously, on the second multiyear, the margins to the U.S. DOD come down, should we assume FMS margins come down similar -- obviously, they're ahead of that from the sale, yes, but will FMS margins be similar to the new lower DOD margins? Or will they be somewhere in between the new margins and maybe where you're running today?
Scott C. Donnelly: Jeff, obviously, not having done one yet, we don't know for sure. But my expectations is that these FMS deals would effectively look like options exercised on top of the multiyear. So you would expect price and margin to be consistent with the current sales under the multiyear 2 [ph] program.
Douglas R. Wilburne: All right, ladies and gentlemen, that brings us to a wrap on the hour. Thanks for joining us. I know that we have a few follow-up calls in queue, and we'll make those callbacks at the conclusion of this call. Thank you very much.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 10:00 today running through July 16 at midnight. You can access the AT&T Executive playback service at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 265925. International participants may dial 1 (320) 365-3844. That does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-23 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Management Committee Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division George Shapiro Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Kristine T. Liwag - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we'd like to thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Textron Fourth Quarter Earnings Teleconference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's recording conference call will be recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host and your facilitators, as well as your Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Doug Wilburne. Please go ahead, sir.
Douglas R. Wilburne: Thank you, Steven, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Moving now to fourth quarter results, starting with Slide #3. Revenues in the quarter were $3.4 billion, up 3.3% from a year ago. Income from continuing operations was $0.50 per share compared to a loss of $0.06 in last year's fourth quarter, which included net charges of $0.55 per share. This year's EPS included a previously disclosed $0.06 after-tax charge at Cessna related to an unfavorable business arbitration award. Also, this year's fourth quarter per share results are based on an average share count of 291.6 million shares, which reflected the repurchase of 11.1 million shares made over the course of the quarter under our 2007 board authorization. Moving to cash flow. Fourth quarter manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $625 million, bringing our full year manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions to $793 million. Full year pension contributions were $405 million, which reflected an additional contribution of $224 million made during the fourth quarter. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott C. Donnelly: Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everybody. Despite weakness in our automotive and business jet markets, we grew manufacturing revenues in the quarter as a result of strong military and commercial demand at Bell along with increased deliveries at Textron Systems, E-Z-GO and Jacobsen. Operationally, results were excellent at Bell and in line with our expectations elsewhere. Obviously, we had a couple of disappointments in the quarter with respect to the arbitration charge at Cessna and in other issues that emerged at our fee-for-service UAS program at Systems. While we've made good progress with the training and interior operational deficiencies we discussed during our third quarter call, we have experienced some aircraft engine performance issues in the fourth quarter, which resulted in a pretax charge of $19 million. We believe we've identified the underlying causes that are affecting engine performance and have committed the resources necessary to address these issues. Looking forward with these charges we've taken, we now assume both of these programs in ISR Services will generate 0 profit for 2013. Positive news at Systems in the quarter was that we had better overall delivery performance resulting in record quarterly revenues and significant deliveries for Shadow retrofit units and Senzor Fuzed Weapons. Therefore, as we look to 2013, we see a return to top line growth and a significant improvement in margins led by growth in UAS revenues, primarily from delivery of TCDL systems. Switching to Industrial. As expected, we saw volume soften in the fourth quarter at Caltex as a result of both European and Chinese automotive markets. Greenlee was essentially flat while E-Z-GO and Jacobsen both saw good growth, reflecting new product introductions and ongoing efforts to expand our distribution channels for customers. For the year, we posted a 10 basis point improvement in margins at Industrial on 4% revenue growth. Looking at 2013. With continuing uncertainty in European markets, we're taking a conservative view and expect a slight increase in revenue and margins. Moving to our Finance segment. The fourth quarter capped a 4-year effort to liquidate our noncap to Finance business. During the quarter, we reduced our total Finance receivables by another $65 million, bringing our 2012 liquidations to $820 million and our 4-year total to $8.7 billion. That leaves only $370 million in noncap to receivables, which we will continue to reduce opportunistically. This is the last call in which we will plan to highlight receivable liquidations as the size of our noncap to portfolio is now essentially immaterial. Moving now to Cessna. With the U.S. presidential election and fiscal uncertainty intensifying this -- during the quarter, we saw an unusually slow business jet demand, resulting in 53 jet deliveries, down from last year's 67. In total for the year, we delivered 181 jets versus 183 last year, again reflecting that economic and political volatility that developed during the second half of the year. Looking toward 2013. We're planning on deliveries to be modestly higher than 2012, although we do expect a back end-loaded profile. This is essentially the result of our new model rollout plan this year with new Sovereign first delivering in the third quarter and the M2 and new Ten in the fourth quarter. We also believe we'll see a degree of uncertainty in the jet market as Washington works through its fiscal challenges, but we believe demand will solidify as those uncertainties are reduced. On the aftermarket front, we acquired 2 European service centers, one in Zrich, Switzerland and one in Dsseldorf, Germany, bringing our own global owned service center footprint to 15 facilities. We also signed 2 joint venture agreements in the quarter with our Chinese partners for final assembly and sales activity in China for the Caravan and the XLS plus as we continue to believe that China represents a significant growth market for our Cessna product family. Longer term, we're still expecting overall jet growth to develop as global economies gain momentum, emerging markets develop further and our new products roll into the market. Wrapping up our operations review with Bell. Execution across programs continue to be outstanding and which reflected our strong margins in the quarter. We delivered 9 V-22s and 6 H-1s and 65 commercial helicopters versus 7 V-22s, 6 H-1s and 62 commercial helicopters in last year's fourth quarter. For the full year, we delivered 39 V-22s and 24 H-1s, compared to 34 and 25 last year. During the quarter, we received an undefinitized V-22 contract for lot 17 and long-lead funding for lot 18, which we're hopeful will lead to the signing of a second multiyear procurement contract once the DoD receives authorization to approve new multiyear contracts. We also continue to actively pursue FMS opportunities for both the V-22 and the H-1. On the commercial front, for the full year, we delivered 188 helicopters, up 50% from last year's 125 units, reflecting our investment in new products and increased focus on the commercial helicopter market. For example, we just received an order for 5 429 helicopters from the Turkish Forestry Department, which follows on the Turkish order placed in December of 2001 for 15 429s for their national police force. The 429 also continues to receive regulatory approvals for additional 500 pounds of lift capability, bringing total certification to 14 countries including Canada, Brazil, China, and most recently, Chile. The new 407GX is also selling very well with the recent order for 20 units from Air Methods. Demand is also solid for our 412EP with contracts recently signed with the Colombian Navy and oil production transport companies in Mexico and Egypt. Looking to 2013, based on our commercial backlog and an active order pipeline, we expect a solid increase in commercial deliveries once again. In summary, despite continued volatility in the global economic environment, I think we had a solid year. Our business units: Textron Systems had a number of important program wins, including the Canadian TAPV contract, 2 UAS service contracts and the Navy Ship-to-Shore development program. At Industrial, last year's 4% top line growth reflected our continuing investment in new products and distribution. Cessna improved margins, expanded its service footprint with new service centers, initiated our China growth strategy, announced the new Citation Sovereign and expanded their product launch family with the new long-range Citation Longitude. Bell achieved record full year performance, announced the new 525 Relentless super-medium helicopter, won the #1 customer service rating for the 18th year in a row and opened a new joint service facility with Cessna in Singapore. At the Textron level, we continue to strengthen our balance sheet as we liquidated most of the remaining portion of our non-captive to portfolio while generating nearly $800 million in cash for our manufacturing operations. Consequently, we reduced our consolidated net debt by $974 million to $2.6 billion even after making discretionary contributions into our pension plan. We also returned $272 million to investors through repurchased shares during the fourth quarter. Yesterday, our board approved a new $25 million share repurchase authorization under which we intend to purchase shares to offset the impact of dilution from stock-based compensation and benefit plans, as well as for opportunistic capital management purposes. To wrap up with our 2013 guidance. We're projecting an overall revenue increase of about 6% and EPS from continuing operations in a range of $2.10 to $2.30. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions is expected to be $500 million to $550 million, reflecting a significant increase in expected cash income taxes. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank T. Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Manufacturing revenue was up $85 million in the quarter, generating an increase in manufacturing segment profit of $11 million. Let's look at how each of the manufacturing segments contributed, starting with Cessna. At Cessna, revenues were $901 million in the fourth quarter, a decrease of $110 million on a year-over-year basis, reflecting a 21% decline in new jet deliveries, which more than offset a 12% increase in aftermarket revenues. We posted an operating profit of $23 million, down $37 million from the fourth quarter of 2011, reflecting the $27.4 million in pretax arbitration charge and lower deliveries. At Bell, revenues were up $139 million, primarily due to higher volumes. Segment profit increased $10 million on a higher volume and mix. At Textron Systems, revenues increased $58 million, primarily due to higher UAS and SFW volumes, partially offset by lower ASV deliveries. Segment profit increased $44 million, reflecting charges of $60 million in last year's fourth quarter and the higher volumes this year, which were partially offset by this year's $19 million charge. Industrial revenues were essentially flat while segment profits decreased $6 million due to cost inflation in excess of price increases. Moving to the Finance segment. Credit quality continued to improve with 60-day delinquencies of $90 million, $24 million lower than at the end of last quarter. Non-accrual accounts were $143 million, down slightly from $145 million at the end of the third quarter. The Finance segment reported a profit of $2 million, which reflects earnings in the captive business and a break-even results in the non-captive portfolio. Moving to corporate items. Corporate expenses were $43 million, up from the $39 million last year, primarily due to the impact that higher share price had on compensation expense. Interest expense was $38 million, up $11 million from a year ago, primarily as a result of $7 million in interest income booked in last year's fourth quarter associated with the collection on an asset sale. Our tax rate at 27% benefited from the impact of foreign taxes. 2012 results do not include the benefit of recently extended R&D tax credit as that will be recorded in the first quarter of 2013. Turning now to our 2013 guidance, beginning with pension expense and looking at Slide 9. We're reducing our discount rate assumption, which results in an increase of just over $50 million in 2013 pension costs. Turning to Slide 10. We're planning an increase -- to net increase R&D expense -- our spending to approximately $515 million or 4% of sales. We also plan to increase our CapEx this year to about $550 million compared to $480 million last year. These investments support our new product development and cost improvement strategies. Now flipping to Slide 11. Here is a summary of 2013 segment guidance. We're expecting about 9% revenue growth at Cessna, reflecting growth in jets and aftermarket with segment margins in the 4% range. At Bell, we expect overall revenues to grow approximately 5%, reflecting a modest increase in our military revenues and good growth in the commercial side of the business. We're expecting margin headwinds at Bell this year, primarily due to lower military margins as well as slightly higher spending on R&D and S&A, resulting in a margin range outlook of 13% to 14%. At Systems, we're looking for top line growth of about 9%, led by growth in the UAS revenues with segment margins in the range of 9% to 10%. As Scott mentioned, we're expecting revenues and margins to be up slightly at Industrial, reflecting continued softness in Europe, offset by growth in other regions. At Finance, we expect that captive business will generate profit in the range of $10 million to $15 million in 2013, while our non-captive portfolio is expected to approximately break even. Moving below the segment line and looking at Slide 12. We're projecting about $160 million of corporate expense, which primarily reflects the impact of an assumed higher share price. Our interest expense estimate, at about $115 million, is down primarily as a result of scheduled debt retirements, most notably our convertible notes, which mature in May. We're expecting a decrease in our tax rate to about 29%, primarily reflecting the impact of the U.S. R&D tax credit extension. We're estimating that credit will provide a total benefit of approximately $22 million in 2013. Looking at Slide 13. We're assuming an average 2013 share count of about 281 million shares, which reflects the share buybacks we made during the fourth quarter, the expected retirement of our convertible bonds and associated collar on May 1, and share repurchases in 2013 sufficient to offset dilution from share-based compensation and benefit programs. With respect to our EPS guidance, take a look at Slide 14, which explains the $0.23 change from our 2012 results of $1.97 to the $2.20 midpoint of our 2013 guidance range. First, there is a headwind of $0.12 due to lower earnings at Finance; the increase in pension costs is $0.11 per share; R&D and depreciation represents a headwind of $0.05; lower interest expense provides a pickup of $0.06; and projected tax rate provides a benefit of $0.07; and the lower share count adds about $0.10. Therefore, we expect our underlying manufacturing business to generate an approximate $0.28 increase in EPS. That concludes our prepared remarks. Steven, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Peter Skibitski of Drexel Hamilton.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Two questions, I guess, on Cessna. Scott, are you thinking that for the first half of next year maybe deliveries could be down year-over-year just because of what you mentioned, the lateness of the new model deliveries?
Scott C. Donnelly: I do. I mean, I think, Peter, if you think about the year as being up slightly and obviously last year the first half of the year was probably stronger than normal, the second half of the year was weaker than normal, I would expect more or less the inverse of that this year, in part driven by the fact that all those new models are second half-loaded.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Got you, got you. Okay. And then can you give us a sense -- I know trade-ins are becoming such a bigger part of the business. Can you give us a sense of the revenue of trade-ins in 2012 and maybe how you see that going forward?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I don't know if I'll do the exact number, but yes, trade-in sales were up on the -- well, particularly, on the quarter. And I think, generally, they will continue to be up. We have seen a fair bit of trade-in activity, Peter. A lot of that is driven by people that are placing orders and buying aircraft on relatively short cycle and they do need to monetize their existing aircraft for those folks that have aircraft. So we have been taking a higher ratio in terms of number of trades than we normally would. I'd say the good news is the aftermarket, used aircraft market, is doing okay. It's moving pretty well. So most aircraft that we're taking in, we're turning them over in sort of that 1- to 6-month time frame and I would expect to continue to see that. So there will be higher churn of used aircraft going through our book, but I think that, again, the market is doing fine and we are able to turn those aircraft around.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Okay, very good, very good. And then in terms of your guidance next year at Cessna, you talked about modest unit delivery increases, but it looks like about a 10% revenue increase. Is that just continued aftermarket strength as well as maybe a little bit of a mix shift to the higher price point models?
Scott C. Donnelly: It is. I think you're going to see sort of low double digit on the aftermarket side and slight gains in both the new aircraft, as well as probably an increase, sort of reasonably strong increase in the used aircraft market.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Joe Nadol of JPMorgan.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question is on the cash flow outlook. Scott, you noted that the higher cash taxes are taking a big bite. Could you just give it a little bit more context as to is this the year that we get to sort of -- to become a full taxpayer on a cash basis? And any other items that are -- that we should think about in terms of the bridge from 2012 to 2013 cash flow?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, that's really the primary driver, so you're right. I mean, I think that we certainly feel we'll be paying our fair share this year in cash taxes. And that's really been just timing associated with other things over the last few years, so we have not paid as much cash tax. That certainly catches up with us this year. We're talking about used aircraft. I do think that we will see some positive cash flow as we work some of the used aircraft balances down. But other than that, it should be relatively straight conversion of NOP [ph] into cash. Obviously, as Frank said, we will have some higher CapEx spending this year. And again, that's primarily driven by a number of new product programs that are going on, particularly at Bell and Cessna, and as a result of some facilities capital that we're spending with Bell as we consolidate what was multiple facilities in the Fort Worth area into principally one location.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. You noted that your new models, your 3 more new models -- or 1 new model with 2 updates are important to your forecast this year. Can you speak to how those -- how they're tracking, particularly the M2? I was thinking that might be delivered in Q3. It sounds like Q4. So is that slipping, or is everything on track there?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, first of all, the programs are going extremely well. Flight test activity is underway with all the aircraft. We have not run into any issues, so we're pleased with the performance and how they're doing. Of course, we do have to go through the FAA certification process. That seems to be tracking reasonably well at this point. The M2 is one that we'd like to get some third quarter deliveries, but I think the way the certification date is going to fall, that's going to be difficult to do. So I think that most, if not all, will be in the fourth quarter. But again, the program and the product has been well received and it's not having any impact in terms of our expectations for the number of units that we'll ship in 2013.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just finally, could you just expound a little bit about upon the Systems and the UAS issue? And I guess, specifically, is this a continuation of what we saw last quarter or are these discrete and new issues that popped up?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, it's a good question. I mean, the issues that we initially ran into on the Services contract were with respect to our ability to get people trained to the appropriate level to be ready for the increase -- basically, just the ramp of the program in terms of people going in theater and operating the aircraft. We put a very robust training process in place and we have not seen any continuation of that. In fact, the off tempo has gone up significantly both at -- or in the UAS program, as well as our ISR program, so for both customers. And the good news is on the second program, on the ISR Services side, we didn't see any training-related issues because we had learned from the initial launch on the MEUAS program the training programs have been effective and worked, and as a result, we seem to be in good shape even as we added a significant number of resources for ramping those programs up. What's new, unfortunately, is that as we started to fly on the first Services contract, we have run into what I believe is a number of different issues associated with the propulsion system on that aircraft. And so we were losing more aircraft than we had in our plan. We have engaged our folks from Lycoming, obviously, who are experts. They've been doing a lot of testing and evaluation. We believe we understand the critical issues that were resulting in the early failures of these propulsion systems. We have been able to implement a number of fixes already. The good news is that we are seeing improved performance in the field in terms of the MEUAS program. We are not seeing those problems with our second customer, again as a result of things that we have learned on the first program. But at this stage of the game, we don't have enough hours really logged on the second program, so when we think about estimating our cost to complete, we really have to look at the total of the combined programs. So obviously, we're disappointed. We did not anticipate having these kind of problems associated with the engines. We've taken significant charges as a result of that, but I do think we're seeing progress in terms of our ability to understand exactly what were those problems and put fixes in place that appear to be having an impact in the field.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Julian Mitchell of Crdit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just on your Cessna sort of outlook. I mean, your -- if I look at the guidance, I mean, the incremental margins in Cessna have been running at around about 19% to sort of 20% in the last 2 years. I guess, your guidance implies it stays around that level in 2013. I just wondered if you felt there may be some more volume leverage given you're in the fairly early part of the recovery and whether that incremental margin is conservative, or is it the fact that you think that earnings will be extremely weak in the first half and that's why the incremental margins for the year as a whole are only going to be maybe 18%, 19% on your guidance?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think, Julian, part of what you're seeing is there an increase next year in used aircraft as part of that revenue. And sort of by design, the way we typically bring those aircraft in and how we book them, those are typically sales at 0 margins. So that obviously has a dilutive impact on the overall margin rate. That's principally what guides that number to sort of net out around that 20% -- 19% kind of range.
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And what sort of pricing trend in Cessna does the guidance embed?
Scott C. Donnelly: Flat.
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then lastly, just on the Systems business. If we think about the guide for '13, you're implying a sort of 30%-or-so incremental margin. How much of that is just coming from normalization following the charges in '12 and how much you're assuming sort of underlying business gets a little bit better on margins?
Scott C. Donnelly: So I think, Julian, if you -- the way to think about the business is we had guided last year that '12 margins would have been in sort of that 9.5% to 10.5% kind of a range. If you take out these charges, unfortunately, with our Services contract, that's really where we were. And I think if you look at next year, the reason we guide more in that 9% to 10% range is because we have the revenue associated with those programs basically at 0 margins. So I think the margin performance on the balance of the business is where we expect it to be and would have been consistent with this year's guidance. The reason you see a slight decrement to that in terms of our '13 guide is because you do have the revenue associated with those Services contracts and they're 0.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Scott, the Cessna backlog is down again sequentially. I know you guys have discussed how Cessna has shifted from a backlog business to a shorter-cycle business. But presumably, this backlog can't go to 0 and it become just an inter-quarter sales business. So how much lower can backlog go before you have to lower production? And you sort of alluded to it in your prepared remarks, but what's embedded in your 2013 production in terms of how you think orders will compare to production throughout the year?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I mean, look, Noah, we would certainly like to see some backlog start to build, obviously, as we introduce and get closer to the launches of things like Latitude and Longitude, we would expect to see some build in that area. We announced the new Sovereign relatively late in the year, obviously, and not in a great environment in terms of what was going on in the economy. But I would expect to see a start to build some order book of the new Sovereigns. But the bottom line is, I don't think people should be terribly surprised. I mean, the fourth quarter -- frankly, the second half of the year was not particularly strong in the business jet market. That being said, there's no reason to believe that there's going to be a -- that's not going to normalize and we're going to get back to sort of where we felt in the beginning part of 2012. With respect to production rates, again, we look at this on a very regular basis and anticipate what the order flow is going to look like based on what's going on with customer activity, and that is what is setting our production schedules as opposed to looking at backlog. This is a classic example. If you look into 2013, we're guiding to what we believe will be a modest increase in a number of jets. Obviously, that's based on what we see going on in the market, what our anticipation is in terms of order flow. It takes into consideration, though, as we set production rates, how many aircraft went from '12 to '13. As you know, we've been trying to make sure that we're forecasting this very accurately. There's no question that we would have expected higher sales in both the third and fourth quarter than what we actually saw and we've adjusted our production rates in 2013 accordingly. But we still believe, if you look at the market, you see what's going on with customer activity, where we believe the cycle is, that we still think it's appropriate to build towards a modest increase in deliveries in 2013.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, so that's helpful. And can I interpret that to mean we should expect Cessna backlog to continue to decline in the first half and then potentially start to build in the second half given everything you just said?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, no. Look, we're guessing it, obviously, right? So, yes, I think as we get closer to making deliveries in having the availability of the new Sovereigns that I would expect to see some order book built for that product. We have a limited number of Sovereigns to sell here in the next few months because we've stopped production of the Sovereigns, right? There's only a few aircraft that are left, frankly. So as we start to talk customers about Sovereigns, they're all going to be moving into aircraft that are not going to be available for delivery until third quarter.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And if I can ask one more, if I'm looking at your Slide 11, the segment revenue and margin outlook. If you had to identify the one number on here that has the most upside potential and the one number on here you're the most concerned with to the downside, what would those be?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, yes, I'm always most concerned about Cessna just because the sensitivity around what's going on in the market. We don't have a whole lot of control over what the market is doing. And as you know, the backlog, it's not something we're -- we can just ride the backlog. It does depend on orders and conversion to sales. So that's, I would say, probably the highest risk item. But as you guys know, we have, over the last year few years, tended to over-perform at Bell. I'm sure people will think that there's over-performance opportunity at Bell. I think we can probably push Bell towards the top of the range. But we are going to have -- we're stopping the ramp here, right? So the ramp on the V-22s and the H-1s is kind of coming to its conclusion, so I don't see a lot of leverage on increased volume and we are seeing continued growth on the commercial side of the business. And how that mix plays out will largely impact, I think, what opportunity we would have to outperform on the Bell side.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: I just wondered if we can just delve a little further into Cessna margins in the quarter. Was there any particular or unusual items with used aircraft gains or other adjustments, or was that a good representation of what was going on just operationally in the business?
Scott C. Donnelly: I think it's pretty representative of what was going on operationally in the business. There was a little bit higher sales in terms of used aircraft on a year-over-year basis, but not a huge number. And obviously, the thing that really impacted us the most, Jeff, was the arbitration settlement at $27 million. So you put that back in there, I mean, I think what the team has done, frankly, as I said, obviously, we had lower revenue, lower jet -- new jet deliveries than we would have expected. And I think what you're seeing is the team's doing a nice job on costs. They're doing a nice job on efficiencies within the business. And we moved some volume through there. I think the guys are ready to make it a much more profitable business.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Yes, that's certainly my point. I mean, revenues were down $200 million and you got a high mix of Mustangs and basically held margins flat year-over-year, plus or minus a few basis points. Is there something to read into the Mustang strength? If you look at the historical relationship between business jets and profits, it has broken down, where certainly the lead lag is extended relative to prior cycles. Is there something going on to read into Mustangs being actually reasonably decent and maybe strong here in terms of just the lower end of the market actually firming up?
Scott C. Donnelly: Jeff, it's difficult to say. I mean, I really -- to be honest with you, as we go from quarter-to-quarter, it seems we see moments in time where the lower end of the market, be it Mustangs or CJs, seems like there's more inquiry and more demand. And then we have quarters where it seems to be more on the Sovereigns and the XLS side. So I think the market is still a little bit skittish, so I don't know that I would look at one or the other. It really does seem to swing as we go through the year. It's peculiar that we seem to see spikes in interest in different sizes and different classes of aircraft, but I can't say that I've been able to figure out how to correlate that to anything.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Yes. And then just on kind of the whole production question, back to that. You finished the year strong on cash flow. It does look like inventory did not decline as much sequentially as it typically does. Is there a dozen or so whitetails, or maybe they're greentails, maybe they're in whip or something, but is there a little bit of backup in the system to think about as we move into the first quarter?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, there is. I mean, without a doubt, we would have expected more fourth quarter sales at Cessna and those aircraft, which really are sort of the greentail. I mean, obviously, as we are working around customers, we focus our completion center activity around the demand that is there. But there's no question, there's more inventory tied up in that -- that latter stages of whip and going into the completion center than we would have expected. We always have had these discussions around the fact that we are building to a forecast and that's what we're going to continue to do. We've, generally speaking, been about where we expected. There's no doubt we were light in terms of sales activity in the fourth quarter. But again, it does take a bit of a hit on the inventory side, but these are perfectly good aircraft. And obviously, we're selling them as we speak. So it's more of an issue of looking forward and adjusting what we need to do in terms of 2013 production to accommodate the fact that we did have more whip that rolled from '12 into '13.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And just a quick one, for Frank, if you have the number. What -- where did you end up on just your final pension funded status for the year?
Frank T. Connor: Yes, we're at a deficit of about $1.3 billion. So the obligation is about $7 billion and the assets at $5.7 billion or so.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jason Gursky of Citi.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Scott, you mentioned that the pricing assumption for this year at Cessna is flat. Can you let us know whether that represents an improvement relative to what you saw in all of 2012, and particularly, the fourth quarter?
Scott C. Donnelly: I'd say that price has been relatively flat. We've seen some models better than others. I would say, frankly, in the fourth quarter, we certainly had some opportunities to sell some aircraft that would have reflected some significant downward pricing. I mean, people are trying to play that game. And I think our decision was we're going to walk away from some of that. So part of the behavior here in terms of pricing, I think, does have to get out of trying to move aircraft and that's behavior we're trying to see. So there's no question there were few aircraft that could have resulted in negative pricing in the quarter that we're just not going to do. So but I'd say, generally speaking, it has been flattish. And as we said earlier, that's kind of how we're thinking about it in terms of how we guide into next year.
Douglas R. Wilburne: The map on this is -- Jason, the map on this is a little bit not straightforward because we got the new Sovereign coming in and the M2. So how you kind of look at that versus last year becomes definitional. But we'll expect better pricing on those 2 relative to what's been happening generically otherwise.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, I agree. No, it is helpful to look at it on an apples-to-apples basis, I hear you. And then, Frank, in your prepared remarks, and maybe it was in response to a question, you suggested that there was some cost inflation in the Industrial division that hurt margins on a year-on-year basis. Do you have any numbers to back that up or you could provide to us? And then can you describe the types of things which you're doing to help offset any of those types of headwinds?
Frank T. Connor: Yes. I mean, it was really year-over-year on a quarterly basis. And what -- we typically do see some kind of inflationary headwind relative to price, particularly the Caltex business, and we look to offset that with performance. And so that can kind of jump around quarter-to-quarter. We also, under our Caltex contracts, recover some elements of cost inflation, but there can be a lag to doing that. And so we do get some quarterly fluctuation in that and so we just had some fourth quarter fluctuation. But generally, between kind of performance and price, we're able to offset the inflation and that's what you'd see if you look at the full-year results for Industrial. And then for the quarter, it was between $6 million and $7 million, yes, but it was not a big number.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Robert Stallard of Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Scott, on the Cessna front, you mentioned that you've been getting things done on the used market. I was wondering if you've been seeing any improvement over the last 3 months in the used pricing or the used fleet that's out there?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, we have seen better deals on pricing in the used market, so -- and I think that, that just in terms of publicly available data that's out there, I think it would corroborate that people are seeing a little bit of an uptick in used aircraft market. It's not overwhelming.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes. And what about the fleet for sale, has that changed at all?
Scott C. Donnelly: It's continuing to marginally drop, not a huge change, though.
Frank T. Connor: It's around 12%. And we're just -- I mean, we continue to see very good turnover.
Scott C. Donnelly: As I said earlier, most of aircraft that we're bringing in, in a 1- to 6-month cycle, we're moving them back out. So from our perspective, obviously, the rate of turn to move these things is what's most important because we are, basically, providing a service to our customer to modify that aircraft, allow them to get a new aircraft, and then we want to move that aircraft on.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Right. And then at Bell, you mentioned about V-22, you've had some success in signing up further lots. But it looks like the multiyear has slipped out. If the sequester kicks in, does that impact the ability of the Marine Corps to sign up to this multiyear? And at what point would you start to get concerned if it doesn't get signed?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, the issue with the multiyear is that as long as we're operating under a CR, they do not have authority to sign multiyear contracts. There was actually an attempt in -- to put that in and make an exemption so that you could do multiyear and that did not go through. So they had no authority to sign any multiyear contracts, be it our programs or any other programs. So it really has to do with getting legislation passed that actually gives them a budget and gives them budget authority to do multiyear contracts.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: But in terms of your timing, if we were still here in the middle of the year, would you start to have problems with long lead items?
Scott C. Donnelly: No. So what they've done is, they've gone ahead and awarded an undefinitized contract for lot 17, which would be the first lot of the next multiyear, as well as the long lead material procurement for lot 18, which would be the second year of the multiyear. So because they do have authority under the CR to award individual contracts on a year-over-year basis, they are continuing to do that. So what you're seeing with the award of lot 17 and the award of long lead material under lot 18 is on schedule and gives us the ability to deliver to what the multiyear plan would be. But just because of their contracting authority, they can only do it on a year-by-year basis.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Right. And are the terms on that comparable to what you've got on your current multiyear?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, there was a price negotiation that was undertaken and is concluded with respect to the next multiyear. Certainly, the margins, as part of that negotiation, have been reduced as you would expect normally happens when you've driven a lot of productivity and you end up with another contract. The issue, of course, is with a multiyear deal now, it's incumbent upon us to go try to figure out how you get those margins back to where they were.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of George Shapiro of Shapiro Research.
George Shapiro: Scott, I wanted to -- at Bell, the guidance to 13% to 14% margin where you almost did 15% in '12 and you're one year closer to the end of the current multiyear with the V-22, you think you'd get a margin pickup, are you being conservative or is the mix between commercial going to be that much higher that you're figuring there's a lower margin? And if you could just go through what was your commercial book-to-bill in '12 and kind of what are you looking for in '13?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, on the military side in terms of delivery, George, it's going to be relatively flat on the V-22 and H-1 front, and it is increasing. Again, we think we'll see another year of solid growth in terms of increases in the number of commercial deliveries. Also, as I said, as we increase our R&D spending and we stop having the leverage on the military side of increasing those numbers, our costs are somewhat higher in terms of what's embedded in overhead rates, and therefore, that is putting some pressure even on the military margin rates on a year-over-year basis.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then one on Textron Systems. I mean, where is the growth actually coming from? I mean, it looks your guidance are like a little over 9%, up year-over-year, and in military business that most people will be down 5% on average. And the margin there, it seemed a little aggressive to me given that the growth is probably coming from the TAPV, some of the 0 -- low to 0 margin programs. So just wondering where you're getting the profit guidance there?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, we expect to see increased deliveries in a number of areas in our UAV business and our -- I would expect to see some increased revenue in our Sensor Fuzed Weapon business. The TAPV and the Ship-to-Shore which, of course, are still in the early stages and the development phases do not contribute a lot of revenue in terms of deliveries in 2013. So it's really the core parts of SFW and the UAV business that we expect to see driving revenue growth.
George Shapiro: And then just one on Cessna. Did you see any difference in the bookings after the election versus prior to the election or in January? Have you seen any difference where they did not change the depreciation rules so there wasn't any adverse impact on general aviation?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, George, unfortunately, we were hoping to see a bit of an uptick after the election got behind us. I would say that didn't happen and from -- at least from our perspective, and certainly talking to our customers. All the stuff that was going on with the so-called fiscal cliff, most people chose to sort of wait that out, and so they did. So the normal -- I mean, frankly, the number of customers that we have sort of in the discussion phase all look very normal. The amount of activity going on are all very normal. But the mess that happened as we went through December, I think -- November, December, just led people to say they'd stand back. So we have seen delivery. We have seen orders obviously here as we've gone into the beginning of the year. I'd say we probably have had more order activities than we're used to seeing right at the beginning of January, but I would say that's probably a result of people waiting out to see what was going to happen. Remember, they didn't come to a conclusion and decide at least what they were going -- what little they were going to do on the fiscal cliff until beginning of January. So that, clearly, was a problem.
George Shapiro: Okay. But the fact that the tax laws were effectively not changed for general aviation, did that provide a little bit of a trigger here, you think, in terms of your comment that you're seeing a little better order activity here in early part of January?
Scott C. Donnelly: George, I always think the bonus depreciation is sort of beneficial, but on the fringe, right? It's not going to cause somebody to buy an aircraft or to upgrade their aircraft. I mean, you've always been looking at a 5-year depreciation schedule here. So whether you're doing 20% a year over a 5-year period or whether you get half in year 1, it's not a huge issue. So if people have room in tax, we've seen that drive their behavior. As you know, we always tend to see a stronger fourth quarter because people have always wanted to get that first year depreciation in the current tax year, and so that's always driven some cyclicality into this business. But the difference between 50%, 20%, yes, beneficial, but I still believe sort of on the margins. People don't buy an aircraft because of tax depreciation in terms of bonus.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Carter Copeland of Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Quick -- a couple of quick clarifications and then a question. Just briefly on the Cessna margin for next year, if we -- obviously, we add back the arbitration charge from the quarter, you'll be for this year close to the low end of where the guidance is for next year. And as you sort of go through the headwinds and tailwinds for next year, it would seem that used aircraft will be a headwind, R&D is potentially a headwind, mix is potentially a headwind, but volume is your tailwind. Is there any -- are there any other tailwinds there other than just improved performance out of the team that you're looking to, to see the margins come in a little bit better?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, I think you've capped it pretty well. Mix is relatively neutral. We continue -- I think if we look at our forecast for the year, the mix won't help or hurt a whole lot. Obviously, some new models coming in is beneficial to us, particularly with the Sovereign block point in the latter half of the year. So the headwinds really are increased used, which does not carry much volume or margin with it, a little bit of R&D headwind. But primarily, this is going to be how does the team do operationally. And again, I think our momentum going into the year is good. The activities that Scott and the team have been driving in terms of operational efficiencies are working. And we get some additional volume, obviously, that will be a good leverage.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And presumably, aftermarket is a bit of a mix benefit as well, so...
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, it is. And I think we'll see, again, solid growth in the aftermarket.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. With respect to Bell and the margin in Q4, was there anything to note in terms of cumulative catch-up that benefited the margin to speak of?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, there's always some cume catch in terms of the program. You see accounting in the quarter. I think in terms of year-over-year, we had a pretty tough comp. We have very good mix of commercial aircraft in the fourth quarter a year ago. We probably did not have as good a mix in terms of the types of commercial aircraft that shipped in the fourth quarter this year. But overall, over the span of the year, obviously it was a very good year on the commercial side, and I think we'll see that momentum continue into '13.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And lastly, on the repurchases and the outlook for that for next year or for 2013. I wondered if you might share some detail on the decision, repurchases versus dividends, and why you chose what you chose in terms of opportunistic capital deployment on repurchases instead of maybe upping the dividend?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I mean, there's a couple of things going on. Obviously, one, which we mentioned, is we feel like it's appropriate to be offsetting the dilution associated with the employee compensation and benefit plans, the 401(k) matching and things of that nature, and so that accounts for us somewhere in the neighborhood of a few million shares a year. And so that's one thing that we want to make sure that we offset. In terms of summer activity this year, we know we have a convertible coming up here in May and we want to try to be offsetting some of the dilution associated with the retirement of that instrument. And in terms of going forward again, we'll continue -- as a minimum on the anti-dilutive offsets and based on our perspective in terms of the company and where stock is, what do we think is in the best interest of the shareholder. And I think at this stage in the game, our conclusion was allocating some of that cash to retiring some of the shares is probably the most share-enhancing strategy in terms of capital deployment right now.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Cai Von Rumohr of Cowen and Company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Last year, on the fourth quarter call, you projected R&D in 2012 at $590 million. You just reported net R&D of $504 million. So what's the difference between R&D and net R&D? And on a net basis, what did the R&D do in 2012, and where was it up if it was up?
Scott C. Donnelly: So, Cai, so the R&D was up. It was up principally driven in Bell. At Cessna, we were not up as much as we probably originally thought. That's driven primarily by the fact that if you look at our programs and the fact that we were taking Sovereigns basically out of production to bring in the new one, and a number of other changes we made, and particularly around deciding to do the Longitude program, and therefore not a couple of the things that were more shorter-term upgrade programs, we were able to shift a lot of our engineering resource from what would normally be sustaining minor change things into our primary new product programs. So we were able to staff a lot of those major programs without having to increase a lot of our R&D dollars. We would expect the same to continue to next year. So we'll see modest increases in R&D, and again, principally driven by increases at Bell and some increases at Cessna as we ramp up those programs. In terms of this net R&D, we're trying to show what is the true headwind, if you will, from an EPS perspective as opposed to not sort of all engineering as opposed to necessarily the R&D tax credit-type things that benefit or specifically fit the R&D definition. So it's reflective of all our engineering. Because what basically happened, Cai, is we're letting table a lot of our engineering that really is associated with not historically R&D, but a lot more sustaining engineering and instead move those funds and resources into our new product programs.
Frank T. Connor: Just to be clear, on the net versus what we called R&D before, they're the same. We just put the word net in there to clarify that it does not include those items that are reimbursed by third parties like the government.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, but, so you reported $504 million. The year before, you reported $484 million. You were going to be up $100 million. You were only up $20 million, is that correct?
Scott C. Donnelly: That's right. And that's principally driven, as I said, by the fact that we've been able to take a lot of our other engineering resource, which was not engaged in R&D programs, it was doing sustaining develop -- sustaining support of our production programs, and moved a lot of that resource into the R&D area.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then as you look at the mix, then, in 2013, you said it would be neutral. But I mean, should we assume, I mean, that Mustangs might be flat to down in the mix? I would assume that M2s will be up plus in the mix, that Sovereigns and the Tens would be up, or is that incorrect because they go toward the end of the year, is that likely not to benefit 2013 that much?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think if you look at it, Cai, so absolutely our view would be that Mustangs will be down. M2s obviously will -- are new. So I think if you look at volumes of what was Mustang in that sort of the lighter end of the market will be made up this year of, instead of just Mustangs, it'll be a combination of Mustangs and M2s. So there's a slight mix shift up there, okay, but then you're talking about $3.2 million aircraft versus $4.5 million aircraft, so in the grand scheme of things, it doesn't change the mix shift very much from the perspective of the overall mix of the business. We will have the Sovereign deliveries, but I think if you look at combined Sovereign and Ten sales last year versus this year, they are relatively equivalent. And then you look at the balance of the portfolio through the CJs and the XLSs, again, it's going to be roughly a similar kind of number. So that's why I say, I don't think you're going to see a huge mix shift in terms of the overall average dollar waiting, if you will, per aircraft in 2013.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: That's very good. But you did mention that the Sovereign and the Ten happen in the second half. So is the fact that the volume is relatively flat, a function of when the deliveries begin, and that, therefore, the market allowing 2014 should be an up year, or is it just that demand is essentially flat?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, so, I mean, we see demand as being relatively flat. Obviously, we'd like to think that 2014 will be an up year, but that's a guidance question for another 364 days from now. But, yes, I mean it really is principally driven by demand at this stage of the game, Cai.
Operator: Our next question in queue will come from the line of Myles Walton of Deutsche Bank.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a follow-up question on Cessna. Given the back-end load of the deliveries in 2013, I mean, the usual question is will it be profitable in the first quarter. I guess, the question here is, will it be profitable in the first half given 3Q-4Q mix? And then CJ4s, are they a pressure point? Do they come off kind of being a new product? And how much per pressure point, if at all?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think that we would certainly expect to see profitability in the first half of the year. And CJ4, I don't expect -- in fact, I think if we look at year-over-year volumes, look like they're pretty flat on CJ4s. So it's only an aircraft that's been in the market for a few years. It's still doing very well from a competitive standpoint. It's performing -- the performance is outstanding. Customers are very happy with it. So it continues to be, frankly, probably the most from a volume standpoint, probably the most popular aircraft we have in our portfolio right now.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And then one follow-up. On aftermarket at Cessna, what was the growth in the quarter? And what's the expectation implied for '13?
Frank T. Connor: The Cessna aftermarket was 12% in the quarter, and it's now kind of 10-ish percent for next year.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brian Jacoby of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a quick one on the upcoming debt maturities at both the parent company and PIMCO, what's your plans there? It looks like you could handle it with cash, but, obviously, the markets are pretty attractive from a debt funding perspective.
Frank T. Connor: Yes, the way we think about the balance sheet is that we will handle those with cash. And kind of with that debt pay down, we will have a total debt level that is a level that we think is the right type of level for the business in its current size. And so the intent would be to pay that down and not refinance it.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Steve Levenson of Stifel.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: You've answered pretty much all the questions we had. But in terms of the percentage to fleet for sale, can you say about how much is current models and what you don't think is an issue?
Scott C. Donnelly: I'm sorry, I haven't looked at that data. Just recently, it's been -- things have been fairly stable in terms of available for sale. So I think, as Doug said, with the whole fleets around 12% kind of a number, as we look at that data through the course of the year, the models are still in production, relatively recent aircraft has really been more in the low to mid-single digit in terms of percent per sale.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And with the changes at Hawker Beechcraft, are you seeing any change in the market picking up any business, or are those used jets causing an issue?
Scott C. Donnelly: I guess, we'll have to wait to see all of the gamma numbers here. But I guess, my sense is, in terms of new aircraft, clearly, we feel we've been picking up some share over the course of the year. Part of that, obviously, is Hawker going out of the market and it was a pretty tough year when you have a competitor that's exiting a business line. But I don't think there's lots of aircraft left, so I would expect that not to be much of an issue on a going-forward basis.
Operator: Our last question will come from the line of Ronald Epstein of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kristine T. Liwag - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is actually Kristine Liwag calling in for Ron Epstein. Our question is how many whitetails or greentails do you have at Cessna?
Scott C. Donnelly: We don't do the greentail or whitetail number specifically. Just in terms of direction, as I said, we clearly would have expected some additional sales in Q4 that we did not see given everything going on. But as I said in the past, we're trying to build or forecast and estimate it as well as we can. The only downside risk if you're off on that number is you take a little bit of inventory risk, and that's exactly what we did and what happened. And those aircraft will obviously sell off here in the very near future.
Douglas R. Wilburne: Okay, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of today's panel, I'd like to thank you for your participation in today's conference call. Thank you for using AT&T. Have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-17 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Management Committee Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division George Shapiro Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Textron Third Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Doug Wilburne, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Douglas R. Wilburne: Thank you, Terry, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Moving now to third quarter results. Revenues in the quarter were $3 billion, up 6.6% from a year ago. Our income from continuing operations was $0.48 per share, up from $0.45 in the third quarter of 2011. Third quarter manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $153 million compared to $339 million in last year's third quarter. We contributed $16 million to our pension plans during the quarter. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott C. Donnelly: Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everybody. Our third quarter results reflected strength in our helicopter industrial units, continued favorable liquidation activity in our financial portfolio and good execution at Cessna in what turned out to be a weak business jet demand environment, especially in July and August. The quarter also reflected charges associated with our new fee-for-service unmanned aerial systems programs, as well as lower volumes in the Systems business. As you know, earlier this year, Systems won 2 contracts associated with our Aerosonde platform to provide UAS services to the DoD on a fee-for-service basis. Cost estimates for these programs were based on our extensive experience offering Shadow Systems for the DoD under government-owned contractor-operated contracts. We thought most of the operating expertise would be directly transferable to the Aerosonde platforms, but it turns out, the operating know-how did not transfer well, and we had significant start-up issues during the quarter as we began systems deployment. To address these issues, we augmented training, procedures, added resources and adjusted our estimated costs to support the programs, such that we expect they will operate at a loss during the initial phase of the contracts. Consistent with contract accounting rules, in the third quarter we recorded charges of about $14 million representing the expected losses on these contracts. So we anticipate the Aerosonde activities will be recorded at breakeven through the next 3 quarters, having already booked the estimated losses. We are also experiencing some delays in our TCDL and SFW programs. Therefore, I think it is likely that we will miss our original full year guidance at Systems for flat revenues by about $100 million to $200 million. Looking forward, we will focus on improving program execution at Systems. Moving to our Finance segment. We had a successful quarter liquidations as we reduced noncap to finance receivables by another $161 million, including a $90 million reduction in our timeshare portfolio, which included payoff of the largest remaining individual timeshare credit, plus a $60 million reduction in our Golf Mortgage portfolio, primarily as a result of loan sales. Our noncap to finance portfolio now stands at $458 million. Shifting to industrial. Volume has reflected normal summer seasonality, but we continue to see year-over-year volume growth in our golf and turf and auto fuel systems businesses with an overall organic growth rate for FX of about 7.5%. We do believe that we will see some volume softness in the fourth quarter as it appears that the European export auto market and the Japanese OEM auto business, reflecting current Japanese-Chinese tensions, are expected to be slower in the fourth quarter. Moving now to Cessna. We delivered 41 jets in the quarter, down from last year's 47, reflecting the weaker summer market. Specifically, July and August were very quiet order months with a pickup of activity in September. In the meantime, we believe that generating essentially flat segment profit with fewer jet deliveries demonstrates the progress we're making with our overall cost structure at Cessna. We also made good progress on the new product front during the quarter, starting with an announcement that we increased the range of our Latitude by 25%. Latitude will now be a 2,500 nautical mile airplane, which we believe significantly enhances the value of this offering to our customers. Our design team was also able to announce a new top speed for the new Citation Ten at Mach 0.935 preserving its gestation as the fastest commercial jet in the world. We also had important announcements in the quarter with 3 new global company-owned service centers. Most recently, we announced the acquisition of a service center in Doncaster, U.K., which followed the announcement of a new service center in Valencia, Spain. During the quarter, we also announced the opening of a new joint Cessna Bell Service Center in Singapore. These investments in aftermarket infrastructure are extremely important to both Cessna and Bell, as they capture future annuity streams in the form of service revenue and create a stronger touchpoint with -- for our customers for future sales. To wrap up with Bell, on the military side, we delivered 11 V-22s and 5 H-1s versus 9 V-22s and 7 H-1s in last year's third quarter. We saw another significant increase our commercial business with 46 units delivered in the quarter, up from 26 last year. This growth reflects continued overall strength in global helicopter markets, as well as the ramp-up in our 429 program and the success of our new 407GX. To wrap up the quarter, we continue to make great progress strengthening the portfolio with Finance on favorable terms. At Systems, we experienced some execution difficulties during the quarter, and we are addressing those. Industrial has maintained growth and good operational execution in an otherwise challenging economic environment. I believe Cessna did a good job in the quarter, closing new orders in a very thin market. And they have made such substantial progress with their overall cost structure over the past year. Bell continues to execute well in both its military and commercial businesses. Finally, across our manufacturing units, we remain committed to making investments in new product development, sales capabilities, service capabilities and manufacturing productivity. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank T. Connor: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Manufacturing segment profit in the quarter was $254 million, down $6 million from the third quarter of 2011 on a $154 million increase in manufacturing revenues. Let's look at how each of the segments contributed, starting with Cessna. Revenues at Cessna were up $7 million on a year-over-year basis, primarily reflecting higher used jet sales, which more than offset lower new jet and other product line sales. Aftermarket sales were up approximately 2%, which was against a tough comparison as aftermarket sales were up 13.7% in last year's third quarter. Segment profit was $30 million, down $3 million from last year's third quarter. At Bell, revenues were up $181 million primarily due to the higher deliveries of commercial units and V-22s. Segment profit increased $22 million, reflecting the higher volume. At Textron Systems, revenues were down $62 million, primarily due to lower volumes. Segment profit decreased $26 million, reflecting the fee-for-service charges Scott described earlier, and lower volume. Industrial revenues increased $28 million, reflecting higher volumes across most of the businesses, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange. Segment profit increased $1 million, primarily due to the higher volume, partially offset by cost inflation in excess of price increases. Moving to finance. Total finance receivables ended the quarter down $233 million from the prior quarter. Non-accrual accounts ended the quarter at $145 million, a decrease of $107 million from the prior quarter. 60-day delinquencies were $114 million, a $55 million improvement from the second quarter. Moving to corporate items. Corporate expenses were $38 million in the quarter, up significantly from the second quarter, primarily the result of higher prevailing share price, which increased compensation-related expenses. Interest expense was $35 million, flat with the second quarter. Moving now to cash flow. On a year-to-date basis, cash flow from continuing operations of the manufacturing group before pension contributions was $168 million versus $455 million at this point last year. The most significant drivers affecting the lower cash flow this year are lower advance payments on military contracts at Bell, an increase in Cessna used inventory, reflecting higher trading activities and the wind-down of our Citation air fractional program, plus an increase in inventories at Systems related to delayed program activity. For full year 2012 manufacturing cash flow, we are maintaining our target of $700 million to $750 million. To conclude, in anticipation of continued positive performance at Bell and our outlook for jet demand at Cessna in the fourth quarter, we are increasing our full year EPS guidance from $1.80 to $2 a share to a range of $1.95 to $2.05 a share. That concludes our prepared remarks, so operator, we can open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go to the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Wanted to ask about Cessna demand and orders. In the past couple of quarters, you talked about cancellations still impacting the Cessna backlog. I wondered if you could speak to where gross orders and cancellations were this quarter versus last. And then in the context of that, I believe you've commented that Cessna book-to-bill could go above 1 before the end of this year or sometime soon simply by having cancellations come down if gross demand doesn't change. I wondered if you thought, if you still think that could happen next quarter or in the next couple of quarters.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, Noah, I would say that in terms of cancellations, the cancellation number continues to come down. It was down again in the third quarter. This issue for us, of course, is the third quarter was fairly light in terms of gross orders, so order activity, as I said, was very, very light in July and August. We did see it coming back in September. So if you look at the gross book-to-bill number for the quarter, was probably somewhere around 0.85. So obviously, for it to get above 1, we need 2 things to happen. We need to see a continued reduction in the number of cancellations. I feel pretty confident that trend is obviously going to continue. We expect the cancellations will continue to come down and are really at a point where they're becoming pretty de minimis here going forward. But we need to get better gross orders. And certainly, what we're expecting is that despite a pretty tough market here in the past quarter, that we'll see a more normal gross order level activities in the fourth quarter as compared to what we've seen in, say, '11 and even '10. So that's I think a reasonable assumption in terms of what we see going on in the market. And September was certainly better, but in terms of gross orders recovering from a very, very quiet July and August, just really wasn't in the cards.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And so I guess when you put all of those considerations in, anything you can share on the current thinking for where you'll put 2013 production versus 2012?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I mean, we're certainly not at a point where we're ready to give guidance yet on 2013. We'll do that in January, but, I mean, I think it's obvious as you watch through the course of the year, and not knowing what's going on exactly in the market, at this point, you' probably think something that's going to be around flattish, but we'll give a more refined guidance for you when we get into our January call.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one more on the Systems charge. Did you say $13 million, 1 3?
Scott C. Donnelly: $14 million, sorry, 1 4.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So the margin would have -- I guess the operating margin would have been somewhere a little north of 8.5%, excluding that. That's kind of trending below where you've been the past few quarters. Is that sort of the run rate going forward? Or are there other reasons that should come back up on an adjusted basis?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think that if you think about next quarter, in particular, the revenues that we book associated with that program being in the 0 margin, that's probably not a bad way to think. But in terms of a longer-term run rate, no, I think we'll still expect to be higher than that. There were a couple of things obviously that hit us in the quarter. One was, as you know, the charge associated with these programs, which is, frankly, are just an execution problem and one that we have to go work on. But we also had delays in some volume deliveries of programs that are good programs and will deliver. But we have deliveries that were supposed to be in the third quarter, which are now moved into the fourth quarter and even into 2013 that are good, normal margin programs. And that was also a part of what was leading to the drag on the margin rates.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Can you tell us how many used Citations you did deliver during the quarter and maybe the sales and earnings associated with that?
Scott C. Donnelly: Sure, Pete. This is something that I think is important to understand when you do the analysis on Cessna margin rates. The revenues were roughly flat, but that's because we had an additional $30-some million of used aircraft sales. So really, what happened here in the quarter, is that as a result of the light orders early in the quarter, our deliveries, as we said, was down to 41 versus 47 on the new side, and that revenue or bulk of that revenue was made up for with used jets. Now it's good that the used jet market is moving and that we're able to start -- to move more used aircraft. But the way that we account used aircraft is basically we end up selling those at 0 margin. So that's a particularly bad mix when you see fewer new deliveries and more used deliveries. And so you effectively had $30-plus million of 0 margin business in there. When we bring used aircraft in, we book them at their market value, and generally, that's about where we sell them. So it's really a 0 margin mix.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Understood, understood. And then in terms of the gains on canceled jets, less than $5 million? Or was that any meaningful number?
Frank T. Connor: Not a meaningful number.
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, not a meaningful number.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then I guess I just wanted to ask you, one thing I'm trying to get clarity on, could you update us on the status of the business jet depreciation rules as we go into 2013? Does accelerated depreciation end at this point? And if so, what kind of impact do you think that will have?
Scott C. Donnelly: I think it's still 50% first-year depreciation.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So no meaningful change kind of going into next year?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, no. and I think the one thing, other thing, Pete, when you talk about one of the dynamics in terms of these cancellations and forfeiture deposit gains, and the other dynamic, of course, is valuation of used aircraft. As we've said over the last year or so, these numbers have become small numbers, and they are still small numbers. But I do think you have to [ph] understand that I think if you went back to the third quarter of 2011, these were sort of mid-single digit number gains, primarily driven by the fact that what few deposit forfeitures you had left was greater than revaluations. You look at this third quarter, again, it's still a mid-single digit number, but it's a mid-single digit number the other way, okay? Because there are very few forfeiture of deposit gains owing to the fact that cancellations are way down. But there's also a little bit -- again, these are small numbers in terms of revaluations, but when you add a small number the right way and the small number the wrong way, you end up with a number that's sort of like a $10 million number.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Understood, understood. And if I could just sneak in one last one, I promise. The FAA denying the 429 weight increase. Can you talk about the impact to sales there going forward and the probability that you can work around that and maybe the timing? Because it does sound like that could be a catalyst if the FAA does approve it.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, we certainly would see it as a catalyst if they do. I mean, obviously, Canada, which is the primary touch [ph] certificate holder has approved it. We've had about, I think we're up to about 10 other countries now, have approved it, based on the Canadian approval. And so we have seen some sales. I mean, because we're able to market the full performance of the aircraft in those countries. As you know, the FAA has denied that extension. Obviously, we're appealing that, and we're working with the FAA to try to find a path to do that, whether that is through just a straight appeal on the exemption or whether there's some changes in how they view the part 27, part 29 certs. I think the FAA is trying to work with us and understand the situation and see if there's not a path to get there. But that will take, obviously, some period of time. But in the meantime, in quite a number of international markets, we're able to market and sell the full capability of the aircraft. And obviously, we hope to be able to do that in the U.S. as well.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Jason Gursky with Citi.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Scott, just a couple of quick questions again on Cessna. First, can you describe the pricing environment for new aircraft? And then secondly, what the fourth quarter's shaping up to look like from a seasonality perspective?
Scott C. Donnelly: Sure, Jason. So I mean, pricing remains difficult in this environment. It's still a pretty thin market and very, very competitive. There are some models that saw some better price, and there some models that saw some worse price. And I think that's kind of been the story here for a little while, and I would expect it to be a still a bit of a struggle going forward given the market. In terms of the seasonality of the fourth quarter, again, what we're assuming in our plan is that we'll see a fourth quarter in terms of order rates and activity that was similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter of 2010 and '11.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just got one last one on Cessna. Can you just describe where we are in China from a market development perspective and just offer up some updated thoughts there?
Scott C. Donnelly: Sure. So we are actively engaged. As you know, we signed a, sort of a framework agreement with AVIC. We are in active discussions on 3 separate -- with -- the structure of these is that you've got the AVIC and ourselves and then whatever municipal government associated with particular product lines, which are in different regions of China, which was part of the plan, was to have us be in several different operations. All those 3 negotiations are, I would say, progressing well. I think we're very close to getting the finalized agreement on at least one, perhaps, two here in the fairly near future. And the third, which was sort of on the back burner for a while, has kind of come back to a more active state of negotiations. And I think we'll get that done in due time as well, so they're all progressing as we expected. And as you can appreciate getting through these negotiations and setting up new operations in -- with 3 parties at the table is not easy. But we're -- been working through that, and I think we're making good progress.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Carter Copeland with Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I wondered if you might talk about the -- I think you mentioned briefly what you saw on services. But I wondered if you could speak to Bell and what you saw in terms of spares in terms of commercial versus military, what kind of trends you're seeing there.
Scott C. Donnelly: We don't usually break out the commercial versus military...
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Were they directionally different? I'm just trying to get -- some other competitors have talked about weak military spares. Is that a trend that you're seeing in Bell?
Frank T. Connor: It is not a trend that we're seeing, Carter. Year-to-date, we're up high-single digits, overall in aftermarket at Bell.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And briefly, you mentioned in Industrial some anticipated softness there later in the year. I wondered if you might talk to sort of the magnitude of that, what you may be seeing in terms of order trends, especially on the automotive side.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, on the automotive side, of course, I mean, fourth quarter seasonally is always a lighter quarter on the automotive side of the business in general, because they tend to shut down towards the holiday seasons. We're expecting it actually to be a little bit lighter than it normally would be, and it's really driven by 2 things. As we've gone through the year, Europe, which was supposed to be very soft all year, we certainly saw some softness in Europe, but some portions of Europe, particularly those models of vehicles, some of the large sedan, higher-end vehicles that are very export-driven, continued to be pretty strong through the year. And we've seen some softening of that here, and we expect some softness of that in the fourth quarter as the export market is a little bit slow and as opposed to most of the softness being sort of within the European consumption. So I think that will be a trend of some softening in the fourth quarter. And then the other, which is a very, sort of event-driven exercise, is that this latest flare-up between China and Japan has effectively led to sort of a unofficial boycott of Japanese product in China. And so the Japanese, still an export, but in particular, some of our larger customers in China are Japanese OEMs that have manufacturing facilities in China. And they're taking their volumes down dramatically as a result of Chinese people not buying Japanese-branded product, even those that are made in China. So I don't think that's necessarily a macro trend. And some of that share will certainly shift to other places, but it is a -- I think it'll be a bit of a problem in the fourth quarter.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And just one last quick one. With respect to the DoD contract environment and the fourth quarter activity, usually a big quarter for the government at the end of the fiscal year. Did you see anything that looked different, either better or worse, given sequestration sitting out there?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, I can't say that we've really seen anything very different. It is still very difficult to get through the contract-negotiating process and the order processes. It's taking extraordinarily long periods of time to do that, but that's a trend that we've seen for the last couple of years. On the sequestration front, you hear sort of anecdotal things from different people about people either trying to accelerate getting something under contract or delaying something under contract, and everybody wants to attribute to sequestration. I'm not really sure you can do that. I think people are sort of trying to read the tea leaves or read things into different activities also, say, with sequestration. Our view on sequestration is, in light of the fact that the government has not guided DoD, DoD has not guided the contractors, that we need to just let this thing play out. Obviously, some of our larger programs, like the multiyear that we currently have with V-22, we would not expect any impact on sequestration on that. We don't see it as a huge issue for us in the very near term. And so rather than worrying a whole lot about it, I think we need to wait, and let's see what happens as we go through November and we go through the lame-duck session and get to where sequestration is either invoked or not invoked or how it's invoked. I would say the good news for us is we will give you our guidance in the mid part of January. And by that time, I think we're going to know a whole lot more about where this sequestration process is going. But for us [indiscernible]...
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Robert Stallard with Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Scott, I thought I'd kick off with Cessna. You mentioned you had some, an increase in used sales this quarter. But I was wondering if you could comment on the broader used business jet market, how the inventories are looking, how the pricing is looking, and perhaps how financing is tracking as well?
Scott C. Donnelly: I would say the used market, if you look at it, it has picked up. The number of transactions has increased across the whole market. Obviously, we see that in our business. In terms of pricing, it remains quite flat. And also when the books come out, each quarter, there's, obviously, there's normal depreciation of valuations, but we haven't seen big moves one way or the other. I mean, we've seen some models where they've ticked up slightly, and we've seen others where they've ticked down slightly in terms of how BRF and the Blue Book guys view the aircraft. But so I would say on the positive side, transactions are happening, the market is moving. But again, I think there's still -- even though the numbers have come down dramatically, it is still probably in all fairness more of a buyers' market than it is a sellers' market.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And on the financing, how easy is it for customers to get financing for used aircraft, do you think?
Scott C. Donnelly: I'm not aware that there's any particular issues. I mean, again, most of the aircraft that we deal with, particularly the older aircraft, are probably at a price point right now where it doesn't take a whole lot of money to get a reasonable LTV on a note, and people seem to be able to get financing.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And secondly, on Bell, you mentioned that the civil helicopter market showing some good strength there. I was wondering if you could comment on how your market share has been tracking, and what your initial thoughts might be for where 2013 could go on the civil helicopter market?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think the market has remained strong. We feel pretty good about how our products are doing out in the marketplace. I would say that we believe we are still continuing to gain some share, and we'd like to think that we'll continue to do that. I think the 429 has proven itself to be an outstanding helicopter and is doing very well and competing and winning around the world. Things at the new 407GX that came out, is doing is ordinarily well, I think, and continues to pick up share in that segment. So when you look at some of those new products that are out there, and I think John and the team have done a very nice job of sort of doubling down on our sales efforts and increasing the number of resources we have out there to make sure that we're covering all the regions. We continue to do very well, and I think we'll -- I feel pretty good that we'll stay on the trend.
Operator: Next we'll go to the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Just a couple of other things coming back to Cessna. Scott, just thinking about Q4, you characterized some more seasonality to 2010 and 2011, but those were actually very different years, right? In 2010, we had a triple in Q4 versus Q3 with that big back-end load, and then last year looked a little bit more normal. I just wonder if you can put a little bit more of a fence around this and give us some color on what to expect in Q4, what's anticipated in your guidance for Q4 for Cessna.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, look, Jeff, I think we have been sort of guiding for the total year to be up modestly. And I still believe that's where we're going to end up, is up modestly. As you know, we've tried to work hard all year to get this thing to be more level loaded. We certainly did not want to have the kind of a hockey stick delivery year that we saw, for instance, in '10, and to some degree, in '11. Obviously, we were successful at doing that in the first couple of quarters. We saw deliveries that were well ahead of the pace or deliveries that were well ahead of the pace of what we've seen in those previous years. I would be kidding if I didn't say I would've hoped the third quarter would have been a little bit stronger in terms of the number of deliveries, but the summer months were pretty tough. But again, as I -- seeing what happened in September and we look at what we need our deliveries to be to be up modestly over last year, I think that, that's still a reasonable plan. So it'll be a few more deliveries in the fourth quarter than I would have liked to in terms of trying to level load this thing a bit more, given a few deliveries light in the third quarter from where I would like to have been. But I think given the order environment and what's going on, I think that's still in the cards.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: And then just thinking about the outlook going forward, and obviously, everybody's crystal ball is pretty darn cloudy. But you made the comment after kind of a slow summer, you see some return to kind of normalcy. I mean, is there something your customers, in particular, are pointing at? I mean, does the market get better in your view regardless of who wins the election, for example? Is it -- what kind of body language, if you will, to the extent that there is any, do you get from the customer base and the outlook the next quarter or 2 in order intake?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, Jeff, I would say that if you look -- and again, Cessna, our primary customers are small and mid-size businesses. And there's no question that a lot of these guys are looking at a very uncertain next few months, right? I mean, you've got an election coming up here in a few weeks. You've got the whole so-called fiscal cliff, you've got tax policy, you've got sequestration. There's plenty of reasons to right now and say, "Jeez, I don't know what's going on." I personally believe that -- well, okay, so a lot of these guys would probably prefer to see one outcome versus the other in November, but on the other hand, I think people will wake up the morning after the election, they may be happy, they may be unhappy, but to some degree, people are going to have to dust themselves off and say, "You know what, I got to get on with my life." Right? So I think that a lot of these things that are giving people pause right now will -- people will get over these things, right? I mean, so as I always like to say, it's -- you'd rather have good policy than bad policy, but at least have policy, know where things are going. And so I think that the election will play out somewhat like that. It'd be better to go one way than the other, but either way, I think it takes some uncertainty off the table and that's probably good for the market.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: And just finally from me and I'll yield the floor. Just can you give us any color on where the 2013 delivery of -- deliverability of backlog stands? In other words, how much long-tailed stuff is still in backlog and how much is conceptually deliverable in '13?
Scott C. Donnelly: Jeff, we have not been given our sold-outs or anything like that. I think that -- I mean, you guys see the backlog number from a dollar basis continuing to come down. I think that the market, the way I would see it in 2013, at this stage of the game, is going to be very much a repeat of the 2012 market. So the bulk of what's out there, the bulk of the activity that has to happen in terms of selling aircraft, is going to involve getting orders for aircraft. So that's the way we've been playing here for a while and I think at this stage of the game, that would be my view of how 2013 continues to play out.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Cai Von Rumohr with Cowen and Company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: How much of the $28 million in profit at Finance was gains on liquidation sales, sales of assets? And do you expect TFC to be in the black in the fourth quarter?
Frank T. Connor: So Cai, I think TFC is probably closer to breakeven in the fourth quarter and kind of, there were the -- of the profit at TFC, about 2/3 of that profitability was non-captive in the third quarter, related to both kind of good liquidation activities at Golf, as well as some non-accrual returns in the timeshare business. So the captive business was about 1/3 of the profitability. There was kind of some good credit performance embedded in that, as well as just kind of more normalized profitability level out of the captive business.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, terrific. And getting back to Cessna, Scott, could you give us some -- you've done a fairly good job, but maybe some more color with respect to strength or weakness by geographies and by product? I mean, certainly looking at your mix in the quarter, the big stuff was up year-over-year. The little stuff wasn't in terms of the jet. So give us some color on where you see the weakness.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think on the -- if you look at the deliveries of jets themselves, Cai, you're right, the mix is favorable, in that it's been tending more to the sort of CJ4, XLS Sovereigns and the Mustangs in particular. So that is good mix for us. In terms of the question around geography, our deliveries in the quarter were about 2/3 in the U.S. and about 1/3 international, and that's versus a trend we've had that's been more like a 60-40 trend for the last few quarters or so. So if you look just at the jet deliveries themselves, I think that was a positive for us in terms of mix. The issues that were a little more trouble was having a lot of used aircraft in there, okay, which is very bad mix, in that they're basically just a pass-through, so they're not a margin. A little bit of, obviously, I would say, net pricing continues to be a challenge. So even though you had some good mix in there, I think we continue to still battle a little bit with some loss of price. And then as I said earlier, while they're small numbers, they do matter in terms of the overall result at this point, just because the overall number is small in terms of percent of naught percent, are things like the residual and the fact that thankfully, as a result of cancellations going down, we're not seeing a whole lot of forfeiture gain. So those are sort of the primary issues that are going on in terms of mix, Cai, that sort of nets out to where the operating margin landed, good on the new jets, challenged by used and again, some relatively small numbers, but things that are headwinds associated with price and just sort of the other items like residuals, values and gains associated with deposit forfeiture.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: If I look at the sales, it looks like either the prices were down or the parts and service were down, because given on those deliveries, I would have gotten a slightly higher sale, so is that the case for parts and services down? And secondly, was R&D up sequentially in this quarter?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, R&D was not up sequentially, so that was not a headwind for us. Parts and services were up, but only by a very small, 1% or 2%. And again, we didn't see a real change in dynamic in the service business in the quarter, but we're just comparing against the third quarter last year, where it was up about 14%. So and I would expect in the fourth quarter, our parts -- we'll continue to see the rate of parts and services, which was healthy in the quarter, but it was just on a V basis, a smaller piece of it [ph].
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And then you had the spectacular performance at Bell on strong V-22 deliveries. Can you comment on how large were your cum catch profits on that program in the quarter? And how much more gas is left in that tank?
Frank T. Connor: There were not cum catch adjustments, or EAC adjustments, on those programs that had any impact on the numbers.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I had a question on the core kind of gross margins in Cessna, because I guess it sounds like R&D isn't doing very much, some effect from the used aircraft which you've discussed a lot. But I guess overall, when looking at the gross margins in that business, do you feel that there's still a lot of room operationally to push that higher? Or now it's really a function of waiting for volumes? And I guess on pricing, you had mentioned on the last earnings call that your sales force had tried a couple of price increases. The rhetoric this time is very different. So I guess if you could give an update on how that went on the price increase efforts and when you think you'll next try those same efforts again.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think we made some moves on a couple of aircraft types where we saw demand that we thought warranted the market tightening up enough that we could get some price through, and we have seen that on a couple of models. But we continue to have some other models where we're not able to get price through. So it's sort of a -- there's definitely mix within each model type, Julian, it's not that we don't believe we can get the price through on each model. I mean, so, yes, we've had some success, but in some areas we have not had success in driving that price. And that very much has to do with just the dynamic of the market right now and the number of opportunities out there and what the competition looks like. So obviously, that's something we'll continue to work on, and I think that getting a little bit of stronger demand obviously would help that in the marketplace. In terms of our gross margins, we continue to work the gross margin side of the business. I think we have made some overall improvements in the total cost structure of the business, both fixed and variable, and we'll continue to drive that. So we're not going to wait for volume to save us on that thing. I mean, we continue to drive productivity across all sides of the business, and I think there's still some opportunity for us to get better at that even with flat volume. Obviously, our plan here is try to position these things with a cost structure so that we get very good leverage when the volume comes back into the business, which I think is inevitable. But we're not going to just simply sit and wait for that either. So the cost activities will continue regardless.
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And then, just quickly, I wondered on the Hawker assets, I mean, you gave some update last time, if there was anything to add this time, in your thinking.
Scott C. Donnelly: No, there really isn't. We haven't -- we continue to sort of watch what's going on, and obviously, as everyone knows, they've been in sort of an exclusive negotiation period with the Chinese buyer, and to the best of our knowledge, that process is continuing.
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And then finally, just quickly on Bell commercial, in a lot of industrial end markets, you're seeing some slowing in larger project CapEx. It sounds like Bell commercial, though, in terms of order intake, still very, very good. I just wanted to make sure that, that was the case, you haven't seen any slowdowns or deferrals there.
Scott C. Donnelly: No, we haven't. Our order intake and strength in the market on the commercial side seems to be sustaining.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research.
George Shapiro: One more on Cessna and then a couple of others. Was there any LIFO benefit last year or this year?
Frank T. Connor: Yes -- there was not a LIFO benefit this year. There was a kind of mid-single-digits benefit last year.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then actually one more on Cessna. And then, Scott, as you looked at September this year, how did it compare to September last year? And I don't know if this is -- you can say it or not, but if you got similar orders the rest of the year that you got in September on a month basis, would the book-to-bill be above 1 in that situation?
Douglas R. Wilburne: Well, before Scott answers, because I -- let me just say that trying to go down to a month-by-month compare [ph] is a very slippery slope, because when an order comes in one day to the next and so forth, I think that's a difficult thing. But obviously, you picked up September recovered. And if that continues, that would certainly be what we hope for.
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes. George, I mean, I just, again -- Doug's right, I want to be careful here not to get into quarterly order flows, but let's say from an overall color standpoint, the third quarter this year was certainly very September-loaded. If you consider sort of that rate, then that's kind of the market dynamic we think we need to be able to meet our total year guidance of up modestly. So the answer is, kind of flat. Yes. Right? I mean, if we can maintain the order rates that we saw in September through the balance of the year, then I think we end up meeting our guidance of being up modestly for the year, and that's kind of our expectation.
George Shapiro: September this year, Scott, compared to September last year was better, I assume?
Scott C. Donnelly: George, I'm sorry, I do not have the month-to-months on this year versus last year. The third quarter this year was just slightly below the third quarter of last year, but I'm sorry, I don't know. I just don't recall off the top of my head the dynamics of the exact number of aircraft orders per month in the third quarter last year.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then switch to the Systems. The charge that you took on those contracts, Scott, I thought those contracts were like 3- or 5-year contracts. Are they broken into yearly pieces, so you'd have a 0 margin for the first year and then the opportunity to make money in the second year of those contracts or...
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, that's correct. I mean, they're -- effectively, George, they're broken into options, okay, or task orders is the way they do it. And so -- but if you look at the task orders, they roughly break down to sort of 1-year duration task orders. So we have already been operating under the first couple of task orders associated with one contract. We've just begun the first task order of a second contract. And so these charges pertain to those initial task orders. And so we have effectively, we -- and the way we do our program accounting, the way we treat our EACs, all the stuff that we would normally look at, we treat looking at those on sort of a task order basis. So yes, the charge relates to our view of those task orders, the costs associated with those task orders and that's how we drive the charge. So you're right. These are, depending on those numbers of task orders that get exercised, they're probably more in the 3- to 5-year sorts of ranges. And so obviously, these can still turn out to be good programs. But our execution here in the initial phases of executing these first few task orders has not been good, and that's what's reflected in the charge, and obviously, we're going to do everything we can to work hard and be able to meet that even booking of the balance of these initial task orders and obviously to position ourselves in a way that we get the kind of profitability that we expected on those future task orders.
George Shapiro: And then maybe one for you, Frank. I mean, just give us an update of what pension might look like for next year, if you had to mark [ph] them up today?
Frank T. Connor: Sure. And obviously, it's -- there's a lot that can happen between now and year end, and we haven't kind of run any of the numbers definitively. If we maintained the existing assumptions from this year kind of going into next year, there'd be a slight headwind associated with next year's pension number, a kind of $15-ish million type number. Obviously, it remains to be seen kind of what the underlying assumptions are ultimately related to return and discount rate. On the discount rate side, we've given some sensitivities in our 10-K, but kind of for instance, a 50-ish basis point change in discount rate, has a $30-ish million kind of impact on pension expense, to give you some sensitivity around kind of those assumptions. So that's kind of generally the framework. And obviously, there's kind of fair amount that can happen between now and then in terms of what those numbers ultimately look like.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: As you talk about Cessna being flattish into '13, I guess I would have thought you'd get some contribution from the Citation Ten and M2 coming into the market. Are those not going to be big contributors? Or is the rest of the core business more where you're seeing the kind of the puts to the gains on the Citation Ten and M2?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, we will see some Ten activity, although that is very more sure as the latter part of 2013. We will have, we think, a reasonable volume of M2s as that comes into production. But we're still -- and then this is why -- I mean, I'm trying to be careful, because I'm really not trying to guide a number, okay? But I mean, just given the overall market dynamic, there can be some positive contribution by the fact that we have some of the new product getting out there, but we're also seeing not a market recovery through the course of this year that we would necessarily have liked to have seen building the kind of momentum into '13 that we would have hoped for. Now maybe that'll change as we go through the fourth quarter, right? So fourth quarter is always a very important quarter and we'll get a lot of these other issues around elections and fiscal issues and whatnot, out of the way. I think we'll be able to provide you a lot more visibility into our thoughts and rationale for how we get into 2013 guidance.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: The other one, Frank, you talked about the reason for lower manufacturing cash flow year-to-date. And I think you cited Bell advances, higher Cessna use, Systems inventory growth. I'm just curious, 4Q looks like it'll have to be as good as what was last year's 4Q, which was really quite impressive. I'm just curious, are there any of those things that you talked about as being weak points in the first 9 months that are the triggers for reverses to get you over the hump in the fourth quarter? Or just what's the put and take to kind of get you where you need to go?
Frank T. Connor: Yes. I mean, as you kind of do the numbers, essentially, we're looking at a fourth quarter this year that was similar to fourth quarter last year. And that's -- we always have a seasonally very strong fourth quarter. Obviously, the seasonality at Cessna, some seasonality at Bell, contributes to that, the timing of some of the kind of group payments coming from the military customers in terms of performance-based payments and just other contract activity, and we generally see significant inventory liquidation because of that seasonality. And kind of other seasonality with some of our other businesses result in the fourth quarter. So kind of we do expect that we will see similar cash performance this fourth quarter as we saw last fourth quarter.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Is there a big tick up in Bell backlog in the fourth quarter?
Scott C. Donnelly: So Bell backlog, remember, there's always a couple of things that happen with Bell in the military side because we take things into backlog as they're funded. The one issue that I think we should be sensitive to is that last year was the last year of the funding of the final year of the multiyear one contract, okay, which generally goes into our backlog in the fourth quarter. Given that the next funding increment to go into backlog will be associated with the next multiyear contract, which I don't believe will be definitized and completed into -- some time in the first, even second quarter next year, that will come to backlog, but I don't believe it'll come to backlog in the fourth quarter like it generally does.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But that's not a big year-on-year headwind to cash?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, no, no. That wouldn't be calculated [ph] at all, in terms [ph] of the order. I thought you said -- the question was order, so...
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It was, yes.
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, okay. The order seasonality will be a bit different just because of the dynamic of the next multiyear, but that should have no impact on cash.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of David Strauss with UBS.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Scott, back to Cessna, a lot of questions on what your guidance was for the fourth quarter, but I think last you had out there, you had Cessna revenue guidance for the full year of $3.4 billion. Does that still imply? Because if it does, it seems like it implies a fairly big delivery number in the fourth quarter.
Douglas R. Wilburne: Yes, David, Doug here. I think that our guidance will be more around a $3.3 million [ph] area plus or minus depending on where the exact deliveries come in.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then while we're on that subject, because I think you said Systems now $100 million to $200 million lower, what about Industrial and Bell relative to the prior guidance?
Douglas R. Wilburne: I think Bell will come in maybe just a little bit higher than its original guidance of $4.2 billion, and obviously at this point will probably exceed the top end of our range of margins maybe by about 50 basis points. With respect to Industrial, I think that we had originally guided to an approximately flat revenue of $2.8 billion. That'll probably come in about $100 million greater, even with the softness in the fourth quarter. And margins there should be at the top end of our range of 6.5% to 7.5%.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And on Systems, if -- taking your full year guidance, it seems like it implies a fourth quarter that's flat to up versus last year, as compared to this quarter, that was way down. I mean, what changes in the fourth quarter relative to what we saw in the third quarter?
Douglas R. Wilburne: Our catching up with some deliveries, David.
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, there were some deliveries that were pushed on the volume side from third quarter to fourth quarter. Some of those actually will go all the way into 2013, but certainly, there's some of that delivery that moved from third to fourth is what contributes to that.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Can you tell us which program, Scott?
Scott C. Donnelly: Primarily around our TCDL program for the Shadow, data link updates.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then last question, thinking about 2013 and cash, obviously, you have a fair amount of debt that matures early in the year. But thinking beyond that, could maybe Frank talk about pension contribution next year, and then maybe addressing the dividend and what you're thinking on potential share repurchase for next year?
Frank T. Connor: Yes. Certainly, on the pension front, we, first of all, obviously, kind of will give guidance in January and we'll talk about that. We're still going through our budgeting cycle. We will continue to contribute to the pension plan in 2013, and we will continue to prioritize, as you mentioned, cash towards debt pay down early in the year where we have a significant amount of maturities coming due. But we certainly have cash on the balance sheet and cash from operations to satisfy that. And then, from there, we'll look at other applications of cash. And kind of we're just going through our planning cycle right now, so it's too early to kind of talk about what that looks like. And the focus, certainly, for the first part of the year, will continue to be on that debt reduction and contributions to the pension plan. We talked in our disclosures about kind of over the next number of years, continuing to prioritize some amount of cash towards pensions in the amount of kind of $50 million to as much as $400 million a year to continue to fund those liabilities. And that all depends around, in part, the interest rate environment and the discount rate environment, and therefore kind of the funded position as well as the performance of the portfolio. So we'll continue to look at that as we plan out next year as we go through the next couple of months.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Steve Levenson with Stifel.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Could you give us figures, what percent of the fleet at Cessna is available for sale? And within that, what percent is current models?
Scott C. Donnelly: Steve, I have to get the numbers out here, because I don't want to quote an incorrect number, but there has not been a huge change, really, since last quarter. We were still sitting in the 12% total fleet, but I don't know that we give it on a model-by-model basis, but of the in-production models, the number has really been sitting down around the 6% or -- kind of range.
Frank T. Connor: Mid- to low-single digit depending on the model.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: That's good enough. And do you find yourself any closer to potential orders for V-22 internationally?
Scott C. Donnelly: I would say that the international V-22 opportunities are, in my view, still looking very feasible. There are several that are in process with customers that appear to have a very high level of interest and are requesting information and sort of initiating that process. These are all FMS programs, so they have to go through the LOA/LOR notification -- going through that whole exercise, but they are in various states of making progress.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Sam Pearlstein with Wells Fargo.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: You -- on the last call, you had talked about R&D ticking up in the second half of this year at Cessna and just -- I know you don't want to talk about specific dollars or percent of sales, but can you just talk a little bit about how the R&D profile looks now with Latitude, Longitude, Ten and others? And then, year-over-year, how should we be thinking about next year's growth in R&D?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, as you said, we don't like to get into the numbers on a business-by-business basis. I would say that, like everything else, one of the things we're trying to do is make sure that we're being productive and efficient in our R&D spending. So it is still a very high level of spending compared to revenue. But I do think we've reached a point where it's probably not a headwind when we think about our percent of sales on a go-forward basis.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then I know we've talked a lot about Cessna, but just as you look at the fourth quarter, there's really only 10 weeks to go, do you have unsold positions remaining this year in this fourth quarter? And is in the Cessna, all of the variance between -- in the $0.10 between the low end and the top end of the EPS guidance?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, there are unsold positions and that's been sort of typical as we've gone through the last few years. There are obviously a lot of discussions going on with customers. And so the process we go through to determine what we think the deliveries will be is, in fact, based on some orders converting to sales within the quarter. In terms of the variability of the range -- I mean, there's a couple of moving parts in there. Certainly, Cessna is part of that. If we were to come up light on deliveries that would obviously be part of that. There are still a lot of things on the systems side of the business that have to deliver in the quarter. And that drives part of that variability. That's probably the bulk of the range. But for sure, Cessna is always, in the market that we've been in, a significant piece of the variability of our range.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Just to follow up on the used aircraft sales at Citation, I was just wondering, is the majority of that related to trade-ins on the large NetJets order that you guys had? And if so, I'm just wondering what the profile is going forward. Should we assume that, that $30-something million is kind of constant over the next couple of years? Or do you expect that to come down? Just any kind of color there if you're able to.
Scott C. Donnelly: So, as Frank said, I mean there's a portion, maybe 2/3 of the used that's going on in inventory in terms of our increase in sales that's associated with trade-in aircraft. And I think that trade-in aircraft is a bit of the reality of where we are in the market right now because when you talk about relatively short-cycle sales, the ability for people to go out and externally market that aircraft, wait for it to sell before they take delivery, is challenging. And so as a result, we've been doing that and then we take it and turn those aircraft over. The other part of the used in terms of inventory, and obviously some of the sales is, the unwind of our CitationAir fractional business. So those aircraft are put back and we unwind those fractional transactions, those also go into our used aircraft and then we turn around and need to go market and sell those aircraft. So I don't know -- I mean, I would say right now that we probably have had more trade-ins on a per aircraft, new aircraft transaction than we typically do, and we would expect over time to see that number start to come down again. But yes, there are certainly...
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: You'd expect it to be less of a headwind in 2013, is that a fair statement?
Scott C. Donnelly: We would like to see [indiscernible]...
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Marginalized?
Scott C. Donnelly: 2013. Yes, we would like to see fewer trade-ins.
Frank T. Connor: And just to be clear, that $30 million was the year-over-year change in used. That's not the total used. The total used is a larger number than that. Total used...
Scott C. Donnelly: Right. That's a -- when I gave the $30-some million number, that's a year-over-year comparison that we had, in -- greater, $30-some greater, in used aircraft sales as opposed to new jet sales.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Cai Von Rumohr with Cowen and Company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a quick one. What is your year-to-date return on your pension plans approximately through September?
Frank T. Connor: Cai, I think we are kind of low-teens type number.
Douglas R. Wilburne: All right, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our call today. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay starting today at 10:00 a.m. and going through January 17, 2013 at midnight. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 225827. For international participants, the number is 1 (320) 365-3844. [Operator Instructions] That does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-19 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Management Committee Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Heidi Rolande Wood - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division George Shapiro Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Elizabeth Grenfell - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Textron's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Doug Wilburne. Please go ahead.
Douglas R. Wilburne: Thanks, Tricia, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Moving now to second quarter results, starting with Slide #3. Revenues in the quarter were $3 billion, up 10.7% from a year ago. Our income from continuing operations was $0.58 per share, which compares to earnings per share of $0.29 in the second quarter of 2011. Moving to cash flow, second quarter manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $121 million and from that, we contributed $21 million to our pension plans. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott C. Donnelly: Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everybody. Our second quarter performance reflects continued growth in our commercial aircraft and industrial markets and improved operating execution across our businesses. We also continue to secure a number of key program wins and made strategic product announcements in the quarter that should further contribute to growth long term. Starting with Textron Systems, our Marine & Land Systems business won the Canadian Tactical Armoured Patrol Vehicle program. This contract calls for delivery of 500 vehicles beginning in 2014 with an option for 100 more, as well as an initial 5-year support contract. This was an important win as it extends our production of armored vehicles through at least 2015. This win also establishes a new family of our proven Mine Resistant vehicles, and we can now market to other customers around the world. Our TMLS business also won the Navy Ship-to-Shore Connector competition, which starts with detail design and construction of a test and training craft to be completed by early 2017. The contract also provides options for deliveries of up to 8 initial production units through 2020. So the total value of this contract could amount to $570 million over the remainder of the decade, with even more significant opportunity when the program enters full rate production. And finally at our Unmanned Aircraft Systems business, we recently received a $358 million award for engineering support and upgrades to retrofit 45 Shadow Systems with deliveries of these units beginning in late 2013. So despite a difficult DoD environment, over the past several months we've won several significant new programs that help solidify the long-term outlook and systems. Moving to our Finance segment, we had another successful quarter of liquidations as we reduced noncap to financial receivables by another $160 million, including a $70 million reduction in our Golf Mortgage portfolio, representing 19 loans. Our noncap to finance receivable portfolio now stands at $619 million. Shifting to our industrial business, operating performance was solid with revenues up 5%. Volumes in our Industrial businesses reflect strength in the North American and Asian auto markets offsetting European softness. Moving over to Cessna, we delivered 49 jets in the quarter, up from last year's 38, reflecting modest recovery and our success in the current market. We also had a number of strategic developments over the past several months at Cessna. First, we announced our new long-range super midsize Longitude business jet during the eBay show in Geneva. With a 4,000-nautical mile range and a speed of Mach .86, the Longitude will be designed to make nonstop flight between city pairs like New York and Paris; London to Dubai; or Beijing, Moscow. At a price of just under $26 million, we believe the Longitude will be the best valued 4,000-nautical miles super midsized business jet available in the world. We also continue to make good progress during the quarter with flight testing on our new Citation M2 and Citation Ten. Finally, our newly announced Latitude was selected by NetJets to become part of their fractional fleet offering, which should add significantly to the long-term demand for this aircraft. And to wrap up with Bell, on the military side we delivered 9 V-22s and 6 H-1s versus 9 22s and 8 H-1s in last year's second quarter. We saw a significant increase in our commercial business with 47 units delivered in the second quarter, up to 25 from last year's 22 deliveries. This growth reflects the overall strength in global helicopter markets, as well as the ramp-up in our 429 program and the success of our new 407GX. To wrap up the quarter, overall manufacturing revenues were up 10% with manufacturing net margins improving 120 basis points. We believe this validates the investments we've been making over the past couple of years in new product development, our sales capabilities and manufacturing productivity. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank T. Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Manufacturing segment profit in the quarter was $288 million, up $59 million from the second quarter of 2011 on a $269 million increase in manufacturing revenue. Let's look at how each of the segments contributed, starting with Cessna. Revenues at Cessna were up $111 million on a year-over-year basis, reflecting higher jet deliveries. Segment profit was up $30 million, primarily due to the higher volume. Excel revenues were up $184 million primarily due to higher commercial helicopter volume. Segment profit increased $32 million, reflecting the higher volume in a favorable mix in our commercial business. At Textron Systems, revenues were down $63 million primarily due to lower volumes in our weapons and sensors and land and marine businesses. Segment profit decreased $9 million, reflecting the lower volumes and deliveries on lower-margin contracts. Industrial revenues increased $37 million, reflecting higher volumes across most of the businesses, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange. Segment profit increased $6 million, primarily due to higher volume. Moving to finance, total finance receivables ended the quarter down $256 million from the prior quarter. Nonaccruals ended the quarter at $252 million, a decrease of $38 million from the prior quarter, and 60-day plus delinquencies were $169 million, up $26 million from the first quarter, primarily reflecting a few aircraft accounts. Moving to corporate items. Corporate expenses were $20 million, down significantly from the first quarter, primarily the result of lower propelling share price, which reduced compensation-related expenses. Interest expense was $35 million, even with the first quarter. Our average share count during the quarter was 295.5 million shares, which was 19.7 million shares lower than last year's second quarter, primarily reflecting the benefit of having repurchased a large portion of the company's outstanding convertible notes. To conclude, we are maintaining our full year EPS guidance of $1.80 to $2 a share, with cash flow from manufacturing operations before pension contributions of $700 million to $750 million. That concludes our prepared remarks. So Tricia, we can open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go to the line of Heidi Wood with Morgan Stanley.
Heidi Rolande Wood - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Can you walk us through the strong improvements we're seeing in this quarter in Cessna? I think -- I can't recollect precisely, but I think Scott Ernest has now been there for 1 year. Can you tell us what has been changing with him and his team that's been most effective in these results?
Scott C. Donnelly: You're right. Scott's been in place for just over 1 year. And I think some of the changes that he's made in establishing real business segments, or P&Ls within the jets and propeller, military and service sector and the teams, the people we put into those leadership jobs are doing a great job on focusing both on where we're going in the future, product development, plans, kind of marketing strategy, but also sort of a stronger focus on their P&L and understanding their costs, understanding conversion costs and prior costs, warranty, really looking at the products a little more holistically along each one of those product lines. And I think the focus on that and trying to draw profitability back in the business is something that they're doing very well. And I think that's what we're seeing in the results.
Heidi Rolande Wood - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Didn't we expect then, Scott, in the second half a steady climb in profits then as he gains, and he and his team gain greater traction?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well I think that you're going to see, obviously, the continued focus on the cost, but I do think we'll start to see a little more pressure on R&D spending as we continue to ramp up all the exciting stuff that we've announced. We actually have to go spend the money to make those things happen. And there's a couple of other headwinds. But there's going to be things that push back and forth through the quarter. But I would say I don't think there's any change in their focus around cost, and that will continue to support our margins. But we are going to have some headwinds around some of our R&D spending.
Heidi Rolande Wood - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And last question, obviously given the conservatism in your guidance, you're baking in and implying deceleration in the back half of the year. Can you walk us through some of the puts and takes that kind of drives that conclusion?
Douglas R. Wilburne: Heidi, I mean obviously coming through the first half of the year, we feel pretty good about where we are relative to how we expected the year to progress. But I have to say that we still look at the back half of the year in terms of what's going on with economies around the world in a lot of uncertainty. I have to factor in that, that will cause concern with a lot of our customers as well. And so we still have, as we have had now for the last few years, an awful lot of activity, particularly at Cessna, which requires sales, orders that then convert to sales in a relatively short period of time. And I think there's enough uncertainty out there in the economy, in the markets around the world, that it's best to still anticipate it's going to be a tough back half.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Stallard with Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Scott, I was wondering if you could give us your views on revenues for the full year and whether there's been any changes in the allocation by division?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, there really isn't, Robert. I think things are really -- there's no reason to change the kind of guide that we've given you guys the beginning of the year around each one of the businesses. Bell, obviously, I think is on track. Cessna is certainly on track. Systems, as we sit here today, is probably a little behind. We guided the revenue around that business to be flattish for the year. We're a little behind where we were obviously at this time 1 year ago. I think that's reflective of just the general slowdown of getting things through the DoD process. But obviously with some of the wins that we've had here in the past few months and some FMS activities, I think we have reasonable line of sight to expect the revenue to catch up on that business and finish the year about flattish as we originally guided.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And as a follow-up on Cessna, you've given us the backlog number for the quarter. I was wondering if you could give us an idea of maybe how orders and cancellations might have panned out this quarter.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, there were some -- certainly, still some cancellations in the quarter. I would say gross orders were pretty good. We still have some cancellations, and if you will just -- frequent of why we could still see cancellations at this point. And frankly, it's still driven by some orders that were in the backlog that date all the way back to sort of the 2007 MBAAs and CJ4 launches. And as you know, the backlog was way out for that model at that time and so as deposits come due, there still are some that are dropping out of that area. So I would say principally when you look at cancellations, that's what's driving it. The rest of the cancellation numbers are sort of immaterial.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research.
George Shapiro: Just follow-up on that, Scott. Was the gross book-to-bill at 1 or above 1 in the quarter then?
Scott C. Donnelly: I think if you look at gross, it was just barely above 1.
George Shapiro: Okay. And what happened to the aftermarket at Cessna? I mean, how much did that grow in the quarter?
Scott C. Donnelly: The aftermarket was up sort of in mid-single digits. On a comparable basis, it wasn't as strong as we've been seeing, but we had a very strong comp from the second quarter of '11 because a lot of fleet refurbishment activity was going on. But it was still up a healthy, healthy mid-single digits.
George Shapiro: And you had very strong incremental margins. I mean is that just a volume, or did the large number of XLS deliveries help that? And why shouldn't we expect that incremental to continue if you adjusted for the higher R&D?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think if you look -- I mean for sure, gross margins continue to be good. I don't see a change in that going forward. But as I said, we are going to see more R&D coming into this thing, and we're still at a point here where the numbers are relatively small. And plus or minuses, whether it's inventory adjustments, that will have an influence. It's bigger than we would like just because the number's relatively small at this point. So at this stage of the game, I mean, I certainly feel good about what the guys delivered on the quarter. We'll continue to drive hard but at this point, I would say I don't see a reason to guide outside of the margin range that we gave you for the total year.
Frank T. Connor: And George, the comps going forward at Cessna are going to be a little tougher, too. As Heidi pointed out, the new management team got underway a little over 1 year ago, and so some of that immediate impact started to flow in the third, fourth quarters of last year.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Jason Gursky with Citi.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a couple of quick clarification questions. First, on TFC and the outlook for the rest of the year and moving into 2013. Obviously, we've had some better-than-expected performance relative to your initial guidance of breakeven for the year. Can you just give us some updated thoughts on -- yes, look, not just for this year, but as we kind of move into next year given what you know today?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think that most of what we're seeing that has been upside to what we would have guided, Jason, has to do with our successful liquidation in the Golf Mortgage portfolio and the fact that we've been able to liquidate those notes at better than where we mark them when we took the mark last year. And so obviously, those come through as a gain. Now eventually, obviously that's going to stop. I mean, we've had 2 good quarters of those liquidations. I think we'll continue to see good liquidations of that through the balance of the year but obviously as we start to think about 2013, we have a better sense of how those are liquidating now. So when we get around to kind of guiding you toward 2013, we'll consider that but that is going to end, right? I mean those receivables are dropping fairly quickly, which is good news. But as you look out, I'm going from -- starting the year with 381, we're already down to 244. These things are going to run through the book. I hope we'll continue to run through the book pretty quickly. I would hope that we will continue to see some positive numbers come out of that as we liquidate them better than their mark, but that will end.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And as far as the timing on the ending, do you have a sense of that? Is it in calendar '13 or we see that this year?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I mean our -- it's hard to tell, right? But our pace right now has been sort of in that $60 million, $70 million over the last couple of quarters. So even if we continue that kind of run rate, then you're going to be -- the portfolio we have, what it was as we get to the end of the year, which means it'll...
Frank T. Connor: We'll still in number -- in '13. We still expect, obviously, liquidation activities in '13. As Scott said, it's going to depend on the pace of liquidations for the second half of this year and where those liquidations take place relative to where we have, at least, the Golf portion marked and then we have other liquidations coming out of other pieces of the portfolio. It will continue.
Scott C. Donnelly: I guess what we're saying, Jason, is you can't assume that level on a go-forward basis. I mean, that's not something we can bake into the TFC model on a go-forward basis, because it is really driven by a particular asset class and how that's liquidating. And as you know, that will come to completion as we finish that liquidation.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. Just 2 quick follow-ups then. On the Cessna cancellations, can you give us a sense of how much that might have contributed to operating profit during the quarter? And then Scott, can you just give us an update on V-22 international sales?
Scott C. Donnelly: On the former, Jason, the cancellation foreclosure numbers is de minimis. I mean, it's $1 million or something. There was not an impact on the quarter in terms of the margin rates really. In terms of V-22, on foreign military sales opportunities, we just came out of Farnborough. I would say we had a great show. The Marine Corps had 4 V-22s. Over at the show, they were providing demonstration rides for a lot of Foreign Military customers. It was a packed few days. They were terrific, in terms of supporting us. We had a lot of folks flying the aircraft, a lot of fabulous feedback. I would say we are in serious discussions with several different countries around the V-22 sales opportunity, and we remain pretty bullish that several of those deals are going to close. We'd obviously would love to see one happen this year. I think there's a possibility for that to happen. Remember, we're really trying to look at production slot availability out in that 2015 time frame as you start the second multiyear. So I would say right now, there is not a complete signed contract on any of those, but there are several there and -- that I think are real opportunities, and they're going to start to happen.
Operator: Our next question is from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just want to go back to the full year earnings outlook question from the first questioner. And I just want to make sure I'm interpreting you correctly in that, I think you were saying the reason for just keeping the range and not raising it despite the large beat, at least versus our expectations, is simply because of the broader, higher-level macro and not because of an expectation for specific segments to get worse in the back half. Because you earned $1 in the first half, so you have to earn less in the second versus the first to get to the midpoint of your range, which in any normalized year historically has never happened. So just wanted to make that clarification, and if it is the businesses, which ones are the drivers?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, it is exactly as I said. We're -- I think if you looked at where Bell is today and where the industrial business is, the systems business I talked a little about, I think I have a reasonable degree of confidence in forecasting what their performance will look like through the balance of the year. But at Cessna, we are in the same mode that we've been in for a few years here, where we're taking orders and selling in sort of a 3- to 6-month window for the most part. And I still worry about the back half of the year in terms of what the market's going to look like. And that's just driven by, I believe, a lot of uncertainty in economies. I think there's a lot of concern about heading toward November, a lot of small midsized business guys who are our customers are very concerned about the balance of the year and where things are going in terms of election and politics. You've got debt ceilings, you've got sequestrations. You've got massive changes to tax policy. So I remain concerned that we'll have too many people sitting on the sideline as opposed to guys that are willing to make significant capital investments and hiring people and things like that. So I think it's proven at this point, given the uncertain nature of the economic and political situation particularly in the U.S., that we'd be a little bit cautious about the second half of the year.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, understood. And then as a follow-up to the Cessna order topic, orders weren't through the roof, but they were certainly -- they kind of held in there relative to how bad the macro was in the quarter. Can you talk about whether or not part of that is share gain? And you have new management and new product strategy and the degree to which you think you're taking share back from competitors that maybe had some inroads versus you. And then as a second question, when you mentioned gross book-to-bill being above 1, I think that's been the case for a few quarters. So what's the timing at which you think the cancellations finally end, such that even without core gross order improvement, you'd automatically have book-to-bill above 1?
Scott C. Donnelly: Noah, I've been trying to stay out of the guessing game on the order book, but like, let me just say it. I think we feel good about what gross orders were in the second quarter. I think that it feels like we're taking some share. I haven't seen the MBAA numbers yet. Embraer's put their numbers out, but I haven't seen numbers from any of the other businesses. We'll obviously, we'll see that here in the pretty near future. But I would say that I think our sales teams are doing a great job in terms of coverage. Certainly a lot of new products that we've announced. This generated a lot of interest in our brand, and our product continues to be very well received in the marketplace. So I think we're continuing to do well, and I would guess that we have seen some share pickup in the quarter and I would expect that to continue. So it's not like I feel bad about where we are in terms of orders. Our order rate has been pretty good. I think the guys are doing a nice job out there. It's just caution in the macro environment that would cause us to feel strong enough at this point to take our overall guidance number up.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Just a couple of questions, just back to R&D. Obviously, you do have a lot going on and R&D has to go up. I think in some of your prior conversations though, the thought was yes R&D goes up, but it doesn't outpace sales growth once we get beyond this year. Is that view changing?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, I don't think so.
Frank T. Connor: No, I think the comment, Jeff, was just that it's more back-end loaded than front-half loaded this year, but the longer-term look at R&D is still the same.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Right. And Scott, can you just share some thoughts on sequestration? You've taken the view that it won't happen. Unfortunately, you're taking that view because you're a logical businessman, right, and we're operating in a world where maybe things aren't so logical. So whether you think it's going to happen or not, what does Textron do if it does happen? I mean, how do you posture? Can you do things in advance? Do you even know what sequestration would mean for your businesses at this point?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, Jeff, I mean it really is something at this point that you can't plan for, because the fundamental flaw, in my view of sequestration, is it's just bad policy. If people decide that there needs to be a further reduction in the defense budget and obviously, the defense community doesn't like that idea. But even if you are going to take it down, the issue is you surely would never do it in the fashion it's laid out in the sequestration law, right, where you do a -- spread it across everything, every program, every spending item, everything gets hit by a common percent. I mean first of all, it would be a disaster for the government because that means every contract, every worker, everything out there gets impacted, which is going to result in a massive deluge of contract changes, requests for equitable adjustments. I mean it would cost the government more money than they would ever say. I mean there's actually contracts. You can't just go out there and arbitrarily change contracts without having ramifications of that. Just from a pure administration standpoint, you would never do that. The other course is if you're going to take more money out, and I'm not betting against, by the way, that they're going to take more money out. I think that there still could be, when they work their way through, I'd be very surprised if it's a lame-duck process -- session. But when you get into a new Congress and they actually start to figure out what they got to cut and what they're going to do about the deficits, that there could still be a further allocation of cuts to defense. But I think you have to let that go work the way it normally does, just like the first $0.5 billion of defense is already taken, where you go to the Pentagon, you go to Congress, okay, we're going to take up this much money. And there's actually a thoughtful rational way about what programs get hit, what programs don't get hit and you proceed down that path. So I think I wouldn't be very surprised if sequestration gets invoked just because of inaction in our political process. That wouldn't surprise me a whole lot at this stage of the game. But I think once that hits, there will be some emergency sessions and people will actually say, "Okay, if we're going to cut money, here's how we have to do it." And the problem with planning for that is you don't know what programs they're going to go try to take money out. So I don't think it's going to be an across-the-board deal. I think that's an administrative -- it's bad policy. Administratively it's bad. It's bad for defense. But knowing where the cuts ultimately will come at this point would be absolute guesswork, and I just don't think we can -- we're wasting our time to even try and to do so -- a plan for that.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Carter Copeland with Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a quick question on sort of big picture on Cessna, Scott, if you -- I wondered if you might compare and contrast the demand environment to the sort of summer slowdown periods we've seen in the past couple of years, and whether it's any different than what we saw last year, better or worse? And then a point of clarification with respect to the order book and the NetJets order and whether there's any portion of that that's included in the backlog?
Scott C. Donnelly: Okay, in terms of the macro view of Cessna, I mean we certainly are not where we were 2 summers ago where when the euro, sort of crisis first hit, it sort of froze the market. We have not seen that level of reaction. Frankly, even with what's going on in Europe right now, we still continue to see order flow in Europe. Obviously, it's in -- mostly around countries that are still economically doing better than some others. So we haven't seen that sort of falling off a cliff where everybody just stops. So I guess in that regard, it's more like it was last summer, right? I mean we went through it and we kind of -- we muddled along, we continue to get orders. And I think there is still demand out there, obviously, for the product. There are still people who want to do upgrades, and they want to put new aircraft, and that's the flow that we're seeing. And so our belief is that's why we think we're going to continue to have a solid year. But there's still the macro overhang of it. So the macro level is certainly not like it was 2 summers ago when the market just absolutely stopped. It is much more like last year, and I would hope it will continue like that. That's what we seem to see in the demand right now. In terms of the NetJets order, no. None of the NetJets order is into our backlog. The process of how we're proceeding is that we will put aircraft into the backlog as we identify a specific serial number to be delivered to NetJets to fulfill their customer demand. And obviously with this aircraft coming into market in 2015 in the -- just really getting into the marketing and the selling process on the NetJets side, I wouldn't expect to see those aircraft going into the backlog for some time because again, we won't put them into the backlog until we see assigned specific serial numbers. And we'll do that on an aircraft-by-aircraft basis. We will not put that entire order into the backlog at any point in time. It will come in on a aircraft-by-aircraft basis.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And one other just sort of brief follow-up. You mentioned the aftermarket performance at Cessna. I wonder if you might comment on what you're seeing on that front at Bell?
Scott C. Donnelly: Bell aftermarket performance was good as well.
Frank T. Connor: Yes, kind of still good growth there.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Similar to the mid-single digit at Cessna?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss with UBS.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Scott, last quarter you talked about the price environment being tough, being a headwind last quarter. Could you address pricing year-over-year and sequentially at Cessna?
Scott C. Donnelly: I would say still a difficult pricing environment. As I indicated on the call in the last quarter, we saw tougher pricing on a year-over-year basis than we would like to have seen as we're kind of battling our way through things. In terms of sequential, we actually saw some modest improvements. We actually put a couple of those price increases out there in the market and then pull back on some of the allowances. And I think our sales team has done a nice job of closing a lot of orders and getting a little bit of price back.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: In terms of the Cessna, you noted your conservatism obviously with all the macro issues. But could you maybe talk about where you are in terms of being sold on the rest of the year relative to whatever delivery number you have baked into the revenue guidance, and how that would compare to the last couple of years when you were midway through the year?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, we're not talking about unsold positions at this point, David. But as I've said, I mean I think the reality of the market where we are and have been now for some time is that it's safe to assume a lot of the aircraft are going from an order sales process that's in the 3- to 6-month kind of time frame typically.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Last one, Frank, on the pension side, will you guys benefit at all from the recent change in the pension legislation smoothing the discount rate? From a funding standpoint, I think you were looking at pretty meaningful contributions on a go-forward basis.
Frank T. Connor: Yes. No, it won't have a big impact from a minimum-required pension contribution. It helps us to the tune of $30-ish million or so, so it's not a big number. And we've been making contributions just because of our funded status at levels, as you know, well above our minimum contribution levels and kind of we anticipate and continuing to do that for a bit longer. So it doesn't have really any impact on how we think about that.
Operator: And our next question is from Cai Von Rumohr with Cowen & Company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Scott, could you give us some color on the demand at Cessna, both by product, by geography and kind of the pace going through the quarter? Did it sort of slow down, as I would assume, kind of in the last part of the quarter, early July?
Scott C. Donnelly: You know, Cai, we didn't see much of a slowdown. I would say in terms of geography, both our orders and our deliveries at this stage of the game are kind of sitting in the 60-40, 60%, domestic, 40% international kind of market. And I would say it was pretty steady through the quarter.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And by product, I mean we've been hearing that maybe the mids and super mids are firming a little bit. You seeing any sort of areas stronger or weaker?
Scott C. Donnelly: It's relatively balanced. I mean the XLS plus had a very good quarter. We continue to see strong position in the CJ4s. There were some CJ2s, 3s. Mustangs were about flat, so it's pretty well across the portfolio.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then help me understand your comment, the guidance is the same, and yet your corporate expense is way down. And unless you're assuming your stock price surges, it looks like that's going to come in a fair bit lower than you expected. And you indicated expecting some more favorable adjustments on liquidation. So it looks like TFC is going to do better than expected even if it about breaks even for the year. So is this really conservatism, or help us understand why that guidance didn't change.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think that if you would accuse me of conservatism, Cai, I would say that it probably is conservative on our view of how we will do on Cessna for the balance of the year.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Got it, got it.
Scott C. Donnelly: You're right that there's obviously some of the upside we've seen at TFC, associated with the Golf Mortgage liquidations. Kind of when you look at our overall guidance, I mean that will tend to push us towards the high side of the guidance based on that number being a number that is stronger than guidance. And I would -- I'd say that's going to be true, but I still think we're going to be a little conservative if you're on the total of your Cessna number.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Understood. Now you mentioned that R&D is going to move up in the second half, up sequentially from where we were in the second quarter. And was the second quarter may be not up much from the first and not up much year-to-year, so it's really the R&D profile has something to do with the numbers of the full year?
Frank T. Connor: Well, we've never talked about quarterly kind of R&D because it does fluctuate, Cai, depending on kind of different things that are going on with different programs. But it will -- and we always expected it to be a bit back-end loaded relative to the first half of the year.
Operator: Your next question is from Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So I guess firstly, just on Bell commercial, you've been fairly positive on that for sort of 6 or 9 months, and it certainly seems to be coming through in your numbers. Could you talk a little bit about your expectations for volume delivery growth in Bell commercial over the next sort of 12 months? And also, what's happening on the pricing side there, given that you've had this inflection on volume?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think on the volume side of Bell, the year is playing out very much as we expected and guided, so we are going to see for the total year, significant growth in terms of Bell deliveries. And I think you're seeing that here in the second quarter as we had pretty strong deliveries on the commercial side. I expect that will continue through the balance of the year. I think we'll see particularly strong mix increase on the 429s and our 407s. As I said, I think both products are doing very well in the marketplace, and pricing has been good. The market -- the demand is strong around the world and so as you would expect, there's been some pricing power as well.
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then just sort of yet another question on Cessna, unfortunately, but if -- I just wondered how you're thinking about the sort of business jet, taken from landing data to the sort of the traffic data, and how that affects your outlook for the second half? Because I guess the U.S., you had good growth for sort of 3 years, and that's largely expired. The U.S. traffic seems to -- in Europe, sorry, traffic seems to be down a little bit. So how does that -- when you're thinking about, I guess, second half or the next 12 months, the core assumption around traffic growth versus market share gains that you can get from price, how do you think about those 2 drivers for Cessna volumes?
Scott C. Donnelly: We don't look at that a whole lot in terms of volume driver. I mean we certainly look at average deal utilizations, and there's some tie-in, in terms of looking at the service business and there are people using their aircraft or not using their aircraft, and that's been pretty steady in the last year or so. It went down a lot, obviously, from the '07, '08 kind of numbers. But the number that we see right now, in terms of the ADUs for the quarter are very consistent with what we saw last year. So people are using their aircraft, and as a result they're coming into the service centers, and they're  having maintenance work done and upgrade work done. So I think it's -- that, that piece of utilization is something we look at more around what is it driving in the service business as opposed to new aircraft sales. On new aircraft sales side, we tend to look more at the metrics around what's available in the used market and what percentage of the fleet that's out there is available for sale. And those numbers continue to go the right direction. We were down -- we believe our fleet now is down somewhere just above 12%. And in particular, if you look at the models that are still in production models and what's available for sale in the market of those model types, for most of our models that's now down in the mid-single digits.
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then finally just on the industrial business, very good core growth, sort of 11% much better than a lot of other industrial companies this quarter. What's the update there on the sort of the investment program there, and how you're thinking about the cost base? I mean, are you investing sort of substantially to make sure that type of growth continues, or is it sort of largely a one-off court, and do you think the growth will normalize from here?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I mean, a lot of the growth is driven. I mean if you look at our Golf and Turk markets, those were pretty hard hit. Those have started to rebound a little bit, so I think we saw good performance in the E-Z-GO business, across not just Golf, but also the commercial and consumer markets. We had a reasonably strong quarter with Jacobsen. You see more people going back and having to replace mowing equipment. The industrial tools business did well. I mean we had some FX challenges there, but volumes and profitability continue to be recovering in the industrial tool world. And Caltex, we've kind of hung in there. As we said, we've seen some softness in Europe, which is our, probably our biggest market for that business, but that was offset by a continued strength in the North American market. And I would say probably growth is not as strong as it has been in Asia, but it's still growing in Asia in terms of the automotive market.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Scott, I think you're probably going into or in the 2013 strat planning sessions and looking at Cessna and coupling that with your commentary about the second half's economic geopolitical uncertainty. Are you still looking for higher production at Cessna into 2013 that you'd kind of preliminary pass along to the supply chain come September?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I mean, you're right. We have -- we are in that process. In fact, we've just completed doing that with all the businesses, so we are developing a view, I would say, at this point in time. But I would say we're not at the point where I would start to talk about issuing 2013 guidance on the businesses.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess the near-term activity, if you decouple it to that second half kind of event risk situation, I mean, would that still make you comfortable that you're in what you've talked about before of kind of consistent recovery, maybe it's slower than previous cycles, but still a recovery nonetheless?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, absolutely. I would say the macro level, I wouldn't change the tone of our view that we will expect sort of a steady slow recovery in the market. The issue, of course, is that can have some peaks and valleys along the way, and so we always have to keep an eye out for that. But no, there's certainly -- in terms of talking to customers and looking at the activity that's going on in the market, looking at demand and where it is, we don't have any reason to feel differently than this, like the midsized jet market, will continue and make a slow steady recovery. And obviously, part of what we factor in is with a lot of the new products that we're putting out in the marketplace, we would expect -- certainly expect to see some share growth over that period as well. So I don't think anything versus what we've told you in the past is different in terms of sort of macro mid- to long-term view of the business.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then a clarification, I guess, on delinquencies. I know it wasn't a big pickup sequentially, but I think it's the first one that was seen in the last couple of years, if not longer. And I think you said it was aircraft customers. So I'm curious when is the trend going to start going the wrong way? And is that indicative of either higher-risk customers coming into the portfolio or customers who've been in there a while starting to show weakness?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, I mean, you're right. The 60-day delinquency trend was driven by a couple of sizable aircraft accounts. I mean I never liked to see a data point that goes the wrong direction, but I mean it did go the wrong direction, but I don't think that's going to be a trend. I mean these are customers that we know, we understand, there's a couple of specific issues that are going on, but I don't think they're -- I don't find it personally alarming at this point. I think it's something that we'll be able to get under control and get the delinquency heading back in the right direction.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And these aren't necessarily customers, or are these customers who entered the picture in the last 24 months or customers who have been in there longer?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, no, no. For the most part, these are guys that have been on the book for quite some time.
Operator: And our next question is from Steve Levenson with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I think all the good questions have been asked. I just wondered if you had any commentary on the developments around Hawker Beechcraft, the price discussion and if you think the door is absolutely closed to any sort of participation by Textron?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, the HB process is certainly not closed to anyone at this stage of the game, right? I mean they basically have entered into a negotiation process with a, what is effectively a stocky horse in the normal bankruptcy process. So I don't think it's certainly technically not closed to anyone. On the other hand, I'd say the number that's out there is a number that's a pretty high number, so we obviously, as everyone will kind of watch it as it goes through in a pretty public process and just going to see how it plays out.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess you might like to get that valuation for Cessna.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I -- we think we should.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ron Epstein with BofA.
Elizabeth Grenfell - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It's Elizabeth in for Ron this morning. Just a follow-up on the last question. What implications do you think there could be for Cessna from the recent deal to sell Hawker to the Chinese with your Chinese partnership?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I mean again, this is a process that I think is still fairly early on. We'll see how things work out. If in fact the Chinese do buy Hawker, then it means Hawker's still in the market. So we've been competing with these guys for a very long time, and we'll continue to do that. Frankly, I think if you look at the investments that we're making and things like the Latitude and the Longitude, the things we're doing with our service network, for the reasons that we've been very successful versus Hawker Beechcraft in the last couple of years are the reasons that we would continue to be very successful against those products and that capability in the marketplace regardless of who happens to be the equity behind it, so...
Elizabeth Grenfell - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So what about your deal to build a new airplane with the Chinese?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well yes, I mean, we're still continuing our discussions with AVIC. I think the Chinese market is going to be a big market. And there's going to be a lot of competition in China. Obviously, the things that we've been trying to do with AVIC is to give us capability in the country that we think will be attractive to customers to help make us competitive in China, but I don't think by any means do we think we'll ever be the only guy to oversell in China. I mean everybody sells in China today, and I think everybody will sell in China tomorrow. We continue our discussions with AVIC to see if that's not something that gives us a competitive advantage in that marketplace. And so from that perspective, I don't see that as a change.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from George Shapiro with Shapiro Research.
George Shapiro: Yes, just a couple of -- it's probably more nitty things. But was there any LIFO benefit at Cessna in this quarter like you had in last year's second quarter?
Scott C. Donnelly: No.
George Shapiro: Okay. And that's a -- there was a slight sequential decline in the margin at Bell even though revenues were higher, and maybe it's too small to worry about going from 14.6 to 14.4. Any reason for it, because commercial was better?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I mean commercial, obviously the commercial mix is usually somewhat dilutive in our margin. We did have -- when I talk commercial, I'm talking about OE, right? So when you see more unit volumes, things like 429s and 407s in terms of the original equipment sale, those tend to have some dilution. But you're right, we get into 0.001 site, I wish I was that good, George.
George Shapiro: Yes, that's what I figured.
George Shapiro: All of our businesses, as we've seen, have a fair amount of quarterly volatility to them. There's lots of ins and outs.
Operator: And we do have another follow-up from Carter Copeland with Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just one quick one, back to the Hawker Beechcraft process. Obviously, the defense piece of that portfolio, the trainer businesses is still out there. I wondered if you might comment on whether that's something you'd still be interested in or any comment would be welcome.
Scott C. Donnelly: Carter, I think that we have the same general view. These are assets in which we have an interest but again, it would have to be at a value that we thought was appropriate. In general, I would say this whole situation with HB, we've always expressed an interest. I think some of the assets of the company are interesting and would be a good fit in our company, and that we could do the right thing for their existing customers and our customers. It would all work. But at the same time, whether it's the overall HB situation or the defense piece, these are things that I think, given the investments we're making, given the position where Cessna is today, I feel great about what our team is doing. So we don't have to do something here. If it's the right value and it will be accretive for our business, then absolutely we're interested. But if it's not something that's going to be a good financial deal and it's not going to be a good investment for our shareholders, then we'll pass on these things.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Is it your perception that, that piece is going to have a sufficient number of interested parties?
Scott C. Donnelly: It's a good question, I don't know. I mean you can imagine a couple of people that would be interested in it, but I think we'll have to wait to see how that plays out.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs for a follow-up.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just had one follow-up on systems. You've obviously put up a number of nice wins there that start to flow through beyond 2012. And right now, we're seeing the business show negative growth. And beyond the 2012 period, you probably still have a number of headwinds. I know you don't want to talk specifics beyond 2012 yet, so I wondered if you could just say, with everything you want and everything you know about the legacy business, do you think systems is up or down in 2013?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well again, Noah, I think it's -- it would be premature to get into 2013 guidance at this stage of the game. The only thing I'd really talk to is around 2012, and we are behind a little bit where we would like to be on the revenue side of things for '12. But I think with some of the wins we've had and some of the dynamics of the business right now that we still think we'll probably get back to about flattish for the year.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And can you comment on just directionally, positive or negative next year or too early to do that?
Scott C. Donnelly: I think it's too early to do that. I mean a lot of these programs we've talked about on Ship-to-Shore is a relatively small impact to this year. It's a little bit bigger impact to next year but again, primarily driven around research and development. TAPV, there are -- is a fabulous program win, but that really is production volumes that are -- later on, I mean we're already kind of where we need to be in terms of maintaining productions as we go through next year. So the TCDL win obviously is something that will help a little bit next year. So I think -- I don't think you're going to see a big swing one way or the other in 2013.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Jason Gursky with Citi.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just one last question here on systems, and I apologize if you've already answered this question, but I didn't quite hear the details. The outlook for the rest of the year to get back to roughly flat, can you just give us a little bit of detail, Scott, on what needs to happen in the back half of this year? What programs specifically do you think are going to see an acceleration in the revenue outlook for the back half of the year?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, we had a couple of programs that drove some of the -- caused us to be under where we are today, primarily driven around some FMS transactions where it was a matter of getting through the finitization of contracts and getting things signed, which I believe have happened now. So I think we will be able to firm up more in the back half of the year. I guess I'd rather not go into a specific contract-by-contract basis. There's a lot of contracts going on, right? I mean we have talked about some of the larger and more strategic wins. But when you look at things that are going on, options that are being exercised on armored security vehicle business, upgrades that are going on in the UAV business, some FMS sales in our precision munitions business, these are all sort of full business, if you will. But those things, many of those things have been just difficult to get through the whole process and get the finitized contracts done. So the things that we knew we were going to have, there was no question about, was the program going to happen or be funded or not, it was just a matter of getting under contract, getting finitized and getting everything lined up so that we can get about with doing the production and test and sell them. The slowdown, that was what caused the first half to be a little softer, but I think we'll recover that in the back half.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then to your question -- your comment on pricing, it says in some of the price increases, is that fairly broad based at this point or is that kind of model specific?
Scott C. Donnelly: It was pretty broad based. The price increases were on a couple of specific models. But incrementally, on a quarter-over-quarter basis, we saw some pricing improvements in virtually all models. And I think there's only one model I can think of where the pricing was sort of flattish or -- versus before. But on a quarter-over-quarter, virtually all the models were off a little bit in price.
Douglas R. Wilburne: Okay, thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, today's conference will be made available for replay after 10:00 a.m. today until October 16 at midnight. You may access the AT&T executive playback service at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 225826. International participants may dial 1 (320) 365-3844. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-18 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Management Committee Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Heidi R. Wood - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division George Shapiro Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Textron First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President, Investor Relations, Mr. Doug Wilburne. Please go ahead.
Douglas R. Wilburne: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Moving now to first quarter results, starting with Slide #3. Revenues in the quarter were $2.9 billion, up 15.2% from a year ago. On a GAAP basis, we recorded income from continuing operations of $0.41 per share, which compares to earnings per share of $0.10 in the first quarter of 2011.  Moving to cash flow, first quarter manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was a $106 million use of cash. First quarter pension contributions were $144 million. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott C. Donnelly: Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everybody. I believe our first quarter financial results represented a very solid start to the year, reflecting growth in our commercial aircraft and industrial end markets and continued operational execution improvements across all of our businesses. We also secured a number of key program wins and made some important strategic moves in the quarter that should help provide growth in the long term. Starting with systems, we won 2 important unmanned aerial systems fee-for-service contracts from the U.S. DoD. The business model for these fee-for-service programs is different, and we normally -- in that we will be investing CapEx in the platforms upfront and in turn, we'll be receiving cash over time as we operate the assets to deliver services to our customer. These 2 contracts were important for a number of reasons. First, the addition of what we expect will be meaningful revenue streams over the next several years at Textron Systems. And second, both these awards are based on our Aerosonde unmanned aircraft, which is a smaller air vehicle than our traditional Shadow models. So we'll now have a second product platform deployed with the U.S. military, which should lead to future opportunities. Finally, these contracts provide an opportunity to demonstrate the attractiveness of fee-for-service UAS arrangements for additional U.S. and foreign military applications. Moving over to our Finance segment, we continue to have success with our non-captive exit strategy as we liquidated $171 million in non-captive finance receivables during the quarter, including $67 million reduction in our Golf portfolio. This included the disposal of 13 golf course mortgages and one owned golf course at favorable prices. Our non-captive portfolio now stands at $780 million. We generated income in the quarter, which reflected profitability in both captive and non-captive portfolios. Shifting to Industrial. Operating performance was solid, with revenues up at each of the business units. We did see some softness in European auto and tool markets as expected, but this was more than offset by strength in North America. Moving now to Cessna. We delivered 38 jets in the quarter, up from 31 last year and saw a double-digit growth in our aftermarket business. More importantly, we continue to see improvement in customer activity. New orders were higher than last year's first, second and third quarters combined; and our customer prospect list continues to improve. We had several additional positive developments at Cessna in the quarter, including an improvement in the range specification of the new Citation Latitude from 2,000 nautical miles to 2,300 nautical miles, the first flight of the new Ten, the first flight of the M2, delivery of our 400th Mustang and the announcement of new service capabilities in China. Expanding our Chinese service capability is part of our accelerated China strategy for which we also announced a very important agreement with AVIC to develop a Chinese general aviation business. We expect that this agreement will lead to a number of business opportunities. We expect to form a JV with AVIC and the Chengdu municipal government, which will focus initially on final assembly and completions of our Sovereign product line for our Chinese customers and will ultimately evolve to include a number of activities, ultimately including the development of a new aircraft. We're obviously very excited about this opportunity and believe this positions Cessna very well to participate in what will be a significant growth market. To wrap up with Bell, we delivered 10 V-22s, 7 H-1s and 30 commercial helicopters in the first quarter versus 9 V-22s, 4 H-1s and 15 commercial units in last year's first quarter. Solid execution on the ramp up in these deliveries allowed us to post another quarter of excellent financial performance. The commercial demand environment of Bell continues to strengthen and based on order activity underway, we still expect to see a significant increase in deliveries this year.  During the quarter, we also expanded the addressable market of Bell with an important product announcement at Heli-Expo, the 525 Relentless. This new 16-passenger super-medium helicopter will offer best-in-class capabilities, including superior payload, range, cabin, and cargo volumes. The 525 will have a fully integrated glass cockpit featuring the Garmin 5000, integrated avionics suite, a pair of GE CT7 engines and a BAE fly-by-wire flight control system. The Relentless will be especially well suited for deep water offshore applications in oil and gas and will also serve as a great platform for search and rescue, emergency medical services, and VIP and corporate missions. The 525 is a strategic new product for Bell, which we will expect will meaningfully contribute for future commercial growth. To wrap up the quarter, we are seeing encouraging signs in our commercial aircraft markets at both Bell and Cessna. We posted strong results at Bell and Industrial and much improved results at Cessna.  At systems, we had 2 important program wins in a challenging defense environment. Overall, I think we're focused on continuing to prove our tactical execution, at the same time, we're also investing in making strategic moves to grow our business over the long term.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank T. Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Manufacturing segment profit in the quarter was $247 million, up $80 million from the first quarter of 2011 on a $342 million or a 13.9% increase in manufacturing revenues. Let's look at how each of the segments contributed, starting with Cessna.  At Cessna, revenues were up $113 million on a year-over-year basis as a result of a $23 million -- or a 23% increase in jet unit deliveries and an 18% increase in aftermarket revenues. We narrowed our operating loss by $32 million from the first quarter of 2011, primarily on higher volume.  At Bell, revenues were up $245 million on increased V-22, H-1 and commercial deliveries. Segment profit increased $54 million, primarily reflecting higher volumes and the mix of commercial aircraft. At Textron Systems, revenues were down $68 million, reflecting lower volumes. Segment profit decreased $18 million, primarily due to the lower volumes. Industrial revenues increased $52 million, reflecting higher volumes, partially offset by a $12 million negative impact of foreign exchange. Segment profits increased $12 million, primarily due to the higher volumes. Moving to Finance. Segment profit was $12 million for the quarter. Finance receivables ended the quarter down $267 million from the end of last year. Credit performance improved during the quarter with non-accruals ending the quarter at $290 million, a decrease of $31 million from the prior quarter. And 60-day delinquencies were $143 million, an improvement of $23 million from the fourth quarter. Moving to corporate items. Corporate expenses were $47 million, up from $39 million last year, primarily due to the impact of -- that our higher share price had on compensation expense. Interest expense was down $3 million from a year ago. To conclude, we remain on track for our full year EPS outlook of $1.80 to $2 a share and cash flow from manufacturing operations before pension contributions of $700 million to $750 million. That concludes our prepared remarks. Greg, we can open the lines for questions.
Operator: And our first question will come from Heidi Wood with Morgan Stanley.
Heidi R. Wood - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes. Can you talk us through the puts and takes on Cessna reconciling the 18% increase in aftermarket with -- which should reduce profits with what we saw and why you're so confident in achieving this for your goals for the year?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think, Heidi, if you look at the conversion rates, obviously, I think if you go back to the first quarter of last year to the first quarter of this year, it's quite a bit higher than the 18%, but I do think that if you look at over the course of the year, we still think that given what remains kind of a difficult pricing environment and relatively lower volumes, you kind of get into a laundry list of things that are moving around. I still think that over the course of the year that, that's about the leverage that we'll expect to see. So we had a reasonable conversion versus the previous quarter, but I think as you look through the year, I still feel pretty confident it's going to end up somewhere around that 18-or-so percent.
Heidi R. Wood - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: All right, great. And one last question. Can you -- we want to dig into the Bell margins a little bit more. Talk a little bit about the sustainability of that and what sort of drove that nice margin performance.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, the Bell margins, as you know, we've talked about the challenges this year of being around significant increases in commercial deliveries. Obviously, even within that there are some mix issues depending on the models. So I think for the quarter, obviously, we saw solid growth in terms of the military side. Certainly, commercial was up from 15 to 30 helicopters, but I think we're going to see even more significant unit growth over the course of the year on the commercial, and most of those are going to be somewhat dilutive in terms of margin rates. We also have increased R&D that's going up. So again, I think the numbers that we've guided over the course of the year is certainty attainable. The guys are doing a nice job in managing the ramp and controlling costs, but we are going to see a much heavier mix through the balance of the course of the year on the -- particularly on the wider commercial helicopter volume.
Operator: And our next question comes from Carter Copeland of Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just quickly on systems, I wondered if you might give us a little bit more color about the decliners there. You had mentioned your expectations for flat revenues, although I recall in the last quarter, there was some commentary about conversion of some opportunities on UAVs. Any color you can provide us there on what you saw the decline in the quarter and what surprised you there?
Scott C. Donnelly: I don't know that anything surprised us a whole lot in the quarter. Obviously, the trend that we saw all through last year and that we still see into this year is just things moving relatively slowly in terms of getting contracts let, going through the whole proposal, evaluation and award process. We didn't have any surprises in the quarter, where something that we thought was going to happen either didn't happen or volumes were issued at a lower rate, and I still think that we're feeling like we're going to guide to a flat year. Obviously, what was important in the quarter as we came into the year needing to get a couple of very important wins on the UAS business in particular, and we won both of those. Now those don't generate a lot of revenue in 2012, so we said we'll spend most of the rest of the year building out the systems and getting those deployed per specific task orders with both the Navy and the Marines and SOCOM, but those things will all be out there. And they've got between 3 and 5 years of pretty solid revenue generation beyond that. So I think those were important wins, again, not so much they had a lot of impact or were forecast to have a lot of impact in 2012, but very important for us in the '13 to 'l5-or-so time frame.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. And one quick follow-up for Frank. The corporate expense, you noted the step-up due to the higher stock price and relative to the amount, I think it was $145 million, you talked about on the last call for corporate expense for the year. How much should we be assuming that, that steps up as a result of this?
Frank T. Connor: Yes, it probably steps up about $10 million if the share price stays in and around these levels.
Operator: And our next question is from Jason Gursky with Citigroup.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about this DoD contract structure that you talked about on the UAS. Is that something unique? And how did this come about?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think this is a trend that you're going to see more of in this sort of a fee-for-service, so particularly these UAV vehicles, how much ISR is required and where is it required both by, in this case, the Navy and Marine Corps is one program and SOCOM being the other program, where instead of having the military tie up a certain number of systems, they're looking for the industry to provide those systems and actually own and operate those systems and be able to deploy as required. So I think it's trying to create -- at least, it's a tool they're looking at and a technique they're looking at, I think, to create a more dynamic, more capital efficient way of utilizing these kinds of assets. So instead of tying it up within the 4 structure in one particular location, by having those resources and that capital owned by the industry, they can simply issue task orders and deploy them as required in a much more capital efficient structure. I think that's the intent. And of course, the difference for us is, I think ultimately from a profitability standpoint, we'll do quite well on this, but it does require that we have that capital because then we're the ones that can turn around and respond to what their needs are and allocate those same resources in different locations at different times over a period of 3 to 5 years.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. Okay, that's helpful. And then Frank, you've mentioned that the guidance holistically stays in place. I'm wondering, given the results of this quarter, whether you wouldn't mind walking through the segment level guidance and maybe give us some puts and takes on what you're now expecting for the rest of the year.
Frank T. Connor: Yes, well, we're really the same in terms of that segment level guidance as we've -- there are puts and takes in and around the ranges, but generally within those ranges we're still fine with that. The one change to that being on the Finance segment, given the first quarter results, we had suggested Finance to be kind of breakeven-ish. We think that the captive business will be profitable as we had indicated in our outlook. We think that non-captive, given the performance we're seeing right now, probably is more around breakeven. So overall, we think Finance will be positive for the year versus breakeven, but otherwise, kind of we're in the same ranges on the segments.
Douglas R. Wilburne: And then Jason, just to add to that, I think that when you think of the holistic picture there, Frank mentioned that corporate expense is going to be up a bit, we're looking at a higher share count given the share price as well. So all in, it still comes out into the same range as we're sitting here today.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Strauss with UBS.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Back to the margin question at Cessna, you compared it to Q1 of last year. But if you look at it compared to Q2 of last year where deliveries were pretty similar overall but your mix was actually a little bit better this year. Last -- in Q2 last year, you were able to generate a profit. Could you maybe just compare this quarter, the moving pieces this quarter versus Q2 of last year where the deliveries were pretty similar?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, I think if you looked at the comparison, and we've obviously done that, David, just to understand sort of the moving parts here, I mean, you're right. We had a few fewer Mustangs than we had back in that quarter. There are some other mix issues pushing around there in terms of just the mix of the different models of aircraft that was -- that worked against us a little bit. But look, there's also some pricing that is still difficult in the marketplace out there. I think ultimately, we got to push to get that better, but it has not been favorable over the past year, so we took a bit of a hit on pricing. And I think really one of the bigger issues here is at the volumes that we're running and the cost structure we have, the numbers are such that things that would normally be sort of lost in the noise around LIFO adjustments and accrual for some severances in our Citation, you get down to sort of a laundry list of numbers that are frankly all relatively small numbers, but when you're talking about small numbers of absolute margin, they make a difference. So I guess, the bottom line is a little bit of unfavorable mix in the numbers of jet deliveries, continued pricing pressure and a bit of one-timers in there that normally I don't think would be something that would move the needle very much that in this environment is making a difference.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So R&D wasn't a major factor?
Scott C. Donnelly: It wasn't a huge factor. I mean, again, you get into this saying, well, look, our R&D, absolute spending can go up, but we also had some stuff we wrote off in the quarter which went back to 2011. So at least, in that kind of a causal, if you look between those 2 quarters, not a major factor.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And as a follow-up, moving to Bell on the commercial side, 429 deliveries were a lot lower than where I thought they would come in. Talk about what's going on there, and have you gotten the certification for the 500-mile-range increase in the U.S. yet?
Scott C. Donnelly: So 429, there's no change in terms of our expectation in 429 deliveries this year. There's a bit of timing in there just because of where they're laying in the year, so you're right, there was only a couple in the quarter, but there's no fundamental change in what we're expecting in terms of 429. That's part of the issue that's a pressure for us, obviously, in the next 3 quarters, is we'll see significant increases in things like the 429 models. The regulation issue, that's 500 pounds of capacity, which has gotten through and been approved by the Canadians. It is in with the FAA right now. I feel pretty good about it, and I think it's something that will happen in the fairly near term
Operator: And our next question comes from Cai Von Rumohr with Cowen and Company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So kind of moving back to Cessna, could you tell us where is the level of any abnormal preowned losses or forfeiture gains, and maybe give us some color -- the trend in demand and pricing as we went through the quarter. I mean, do we enter the second quarter with any appreciable change, or is it kind of really the same throughout the quarter?
Scott C. Donnelly: I think it's about the same throughout the quarter, Cai, in terms of pricing environment. In terms of the used market, I would say, it continues for the most part to be pretty stable. I mean, we're talking about fairly small numbers in terms of things like write-downs and forfeiture deposits. These numbers have become sort of a couple million here, fairly inconsequential numbers, so fairly significant. I would say, continued stability and when you look at our used available for sale of our kind of in-production models, they're getting lower and lower, right? They're down in the 5%, 6%, 7% of the fleet kind of numbers. So that piece of the market in terms of competition for new orders, which is part of what makes pricing tough when you've got relatively new aircraft out there, does continue to get smaller, but it's not gone.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then to the first question, the preowned losses or forfeiture gains, were they much of a factor?
Frank T. Connor: They are low -- very low single digits and largely offset each other.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, one of your competitors, Hawker, has asked for -- has a forbearance agreement with its lenders currently. If Hawker were to go into bankruptcy, would you be interested in pursuing any or all of that operation?
Scott C. Donnelly: I guess, Cai, I would say that we keep an eye on that like most people, and there are certainly some assets there that we think would be very interesting.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Crdit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes. So just firstly on Cessna, I mean, it sounded like from the volume outlook, at least, you are more positive in terms of order trends, what you've seen in Q1. If you could talk a little bit about maybe anything on, by region, what you're seeing and then also the effect that, that might have had on your sort of updated assumptions for things like R&D and CapEx. I mean, I think for overall Textron, you talked 3 months ago about R&D up $110 million, CapEx up about -- to about $450 million. Have you sort of changed any of those outlooks given what's happening with demand in Cessna and in Bell commercial?
Scott C. Donnelly: No. I think, Julian, everything's very consistent with our plan. Obviously, the new product programs at Cessna, driven large part right now with the M2 and the Ten are in-flight test programs. The Latitude, obviously, is in its early stages of detailed design. The 525, as we announced, is also a program now that's in its early stages of detail design. So the CapEx associated with those programs, again primarily around tooling, which is really what's driving most of our CapEx budget there and the R&D numbers that we kind of guided to are all completely within what we expect them to be for the year. So there is no change. And again, in terms of the market, I think if you look at what's going on in the orders and level of customer activity at Cessna, it's where we expected it to be. So I still feel pretty confident about what we are thinking in terms of the total volume of deliveries for the year. And the same is true with Bell. The market's been strong, the backlog is there, the level of activity and order rate is where we expected it so that we should ultimately have the commercial deliveries fall in line with our guidance.
Frank T. Connor: Yes, I'd just add, the only thing that -- on the CapEx side that puts a little pressure on our CapEx number to the upside are these wins at systems. And depending on the volume ultimately of the task orders that are let, the amount of equipment that we would look to field this year. But we don't think that, that's a big number, but that kind of does have some impact on the CapEx number.
Scott C. Donnelly: Right. The only differentiator there is those are revenue-generating numbers as opposed to what we traditionally think of as CapEx, right, which is around the tooling and our infrastructure. Those are assets that would be required to go perform those contracts.
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Sure. And then just a quick follow-up on systems. I mean obviously you had -- in Q4, you had a charge around severance relating to the cost base and so on. You've had a decent sort of revenue drop here, but it sounds like the full year outlook is still flattish. How do you feel about the cost base in systems when you're looking out this year or thereafter? I mean, do you think you've done enough on the costs for the time being given that Q1 was, it sounds like, as you expected?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, I think, again, it's pretty consistent with our expectations. When we announced the restructuring and we looked at the costs and in particular, for the most part employees affected by that, where we thought we needed resources and where we thought we needed to do restructuring given the current environment, really remains unchanged. I mean, the reality is for some of these programs, particularly for these fee-for-service, where we actually will be adding resources to go execute those programs. But those are different people in a different skill set than those who've been affected by the restructuring. So again, Julian, I think, pretty consistent with what our expectations were going into the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research.
George Shapiro: At Bell, can you tell us what the commercial aftermarket and military aftermarket growth rates were?
Frank T. Connor: Yes. We did see some growth there that -- those are not numbers that kind of we break out separately, but we are seeing growth in those areas -- and on the commercial side, it's at rates that are lower than what we've seen at Cessna, but we are seeing growth.
George Shapiro: Still double-digit numbers or below that?
Frank T. Connor: We don't kind of -- we don't break those numbers out separately.
George Shapiro: Okay. And then one, Scott, maybe if you could give a little more color on the JV with AVIC. I mean, you were talking about potentially a larger cabin jet. I mean, is this something in the Columbus category or even bigger, and if you could give some specifics about timing and development.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, the timing, George -- as you know, the joint venture kind of goes through a few phases here. We started out by putting a completion center capability in Chengdu so that we can deliver basically a green aircraft out of Wichita and do all of our customizations interior completions, paint, finish and all that for delivery into China out of our Chengdu operation. Ultimately, we'll do some additional manufacturing work in the location and greater levels of assembly around the Sovereign and ultimately, longer term, around the Latitude. The new development program, which I think really, ultimately, will be sort of a highlight of this whole activity, is one where we really start the definition and kind of market research of what's the right product for the market as part of the formation of the JV. So that's usually a year or 2 activity when we look at most of our aircraft to really decide what are the right specifications, how do you really do the concept work and define the right product. Certainly, our expectation is that this is going to be a larger, longer-range aircraft than anything else that's in our portfolio, and that's why this is something that makes an awful lot of sense, both for us and for AVIC to invest in. There is no comparative analysis, I would say, against something like a Columbus -- it's not really working from the Columbus baseline . It's really working from what's the right thing given this timing and our current position in the market and, frankly, other things we've done in our portfolio. So I think any specific discussions or disclosures of technical specifications is probably a couple years downstream.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Scott, I was wondering if you could comment on the market share situation, to follow up from Cai's question whether the issues at Hawker have had any impact on your market share and also with regard to your comment on pricing.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think the -- you've had historically 4 guys really working pretty hard at most of that market, 5 if you include some of the bits of Gulfstream and even Dassault to some degree at this point. But I think if you look at the market right now, and I'm sure you'll see this as it comes out through the industry data, is that no doubt you're going to see loss of share in the jet business at Hawker Beechcraft and I think that, that share is sort of dispersing itself between Cessna and Embraer and Learjet. I think, understandably, it's pretty hard to have a serious discussion with the customer about buying a $10 million, $15 million , $20 million asset if there's uncertainty about who's going to be there to support that aircraft. I mean, I don't think this is a secret, right? I mean, guys that are buying aircraft are -- buying the aircraft is just the beginning, right? I mean these are very long-life assets, and the support and have the manufacturer behind it is an important part of a purchase decision. And I think it's probably giving them a fair bit of difficulty right now given their financial situation. So I can't tell you or wouldn't guess at this particular point where that share is going, but I would suspect that it's moving amongst the other few big OEMs in those markets.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the pricing issue. I was wondering what your assumptions are for pricing at Cessna through the rest of this year. Are you assuming they stay pretty flat or that they improve?
Scott C. Donnelly: I think it's going to -- it will vary probably a little bit from model to model and region to region. But we would like to think that as we bring new orders in place at this stage of the game that we're going to try to figure out how to drive pricing back up, but that's going to be a difficult fight on a deal-to-deal basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Just a couple follow-up, a lot of ground covered already. First, just back to the, I believe, the first question that Heidi asked. Scott, I think she was talking about aftermarket, but it sounded like you were kind of talking about contribution margins a little bit. Can you just clarify your comments on what to expect for contribution margins on Cessna? Were you trying to get at that?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, I think if you look at -- well, I mean, we're not going to -- I don't think we've ever talked about contribution margins on aftermarket or whatever, I guess maybe I misunderstood it. I think if you look at our guidance for the year at Cessna, you get incremental margins on the additional volume year-over-year of around 18-or-so percent. Now in the first quarter, those incremental margins were considerably higher than that versus the first quarter of 2011. But I don't think that the incremental margins that we saw year-over-year in the first quarter are going to sustain that high. I think we ultimately will be around where we guided, which is about an 18% incremental margin on that additional volume.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Okay. I just wanted to clarify that because that was the same number as the aftermarket growth, and it just sounded like there was some apples and oranges in that.
Scott C. Donnelly: And it could be, Jeff, I'm sorry about that.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: No problem. And Frank, can you just give us a little more color on kind of how to think about cash flow? You have this big use and other assets and liabilities in the quarter and some working capital pressure beyond that. What's going on there? And how does that play over the balance of the year?
Frank T. Connor: Yes. There's not anything unusual in the first quarter. First quarter is always a significantly negative cash quarter for us. There was some inventory build, there's receivables build, there was some timing and -- in terms of payments from customers and things like that, particularly on the military side, that can tend to be lumpy. So it was negative. It was a little worse than the prior year. If you go back 2 years, it was kind of pretty much in line with what we did in the 2010 first quarter and consistent with generally how we had planned the thing. And again, we believe for the year, we'll be in the $700 million, $750 million cash flow range, just as we had talked about in our guidance.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: And then just on Cessna orders, Scott, I think you said Q1 was better than the first 3 quarters of last year, but maybe that's a little bit of kind of the small numbers on small numbers we've been kind of talking about. But can you give us some sense on where book-to-bill was and how you expect book-to-bill to play out into the second quarter?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think you're right. I mean, it's growth over a small number, but it is growth. So we feel pretty good about that. I think on a book-to-bill basis, you're at like 0.75, right, if you looked at just the -- break out the first quarter numbers. But again, I think that what we've guided, our expectation in terms of what we saw in the order flow in the first quarter, what the customer prospect looks like, that we still feel pretty confident that we're going to see the kind of order flow through the course of the year that we need to get to the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Myles Walton from Deutsche Bank.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, I was hoping to go back to the China JV for a second. And Scott, if you could talk about some of the coproduction platforms that you would think about moving over there and whether -- and how much that would help demand towards the end of this year, if not into 2013.
Scott C. Donnelly: I think by the time the -- we're doing the finalization right now, kind of the Ts and Cs of getting the joint venture itself, formed. We do have to go through the Chinese business license process, which can take a number of months. So we're trying to work towards a target where all these things will be lined up and ready to go at the end of the year. Obviously, we're already working on putting together the requirements in terms of what we have to do for a facility from a completion center capability in Chengdu so that as soon as we get all the licenses in place, we're ready to get all that stuff rolling and capitalize the business, but I don't think you're going to see any kind of impact really in 2012. I think maybe till late 2013, you'll start to see some flow in local deliveries. Now we already have Chinese deliveries, and I will continue to have Chinese deliveries anyway, but at a relatively small number through '12 and '13. But I think this really is something that will start to have an impact in '13 and become more material in '14 and on.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And as you look into '13, Embraer coming out with the Legacy 500, what kind of demand impact do you think that will -- or erosion potential impact that will have on your higher end of your line up, Sovereign in particular?
Scott C. Donnelly: That's kind of a difficult question to answer right now. I mean, obviously, there's things that we have going on. Latitude is a good example, where you look at customers that are looking for the larger cabin and that really addresses more specifically the 450, and I think gives us a much better aircraft, much better performance in that space and, obviously, there's some other things that we have going on that would, I think, address well what will happen in the space that represents the 500, which is obviously a bigger, considerably larger aircraft than a Sovereign, at a considerably higher price point than Sovereign.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Levenson from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: On Textron Systems, you talked about the fee-for-service business for the UAS. And can you discuss what the margins are relative to an outright sale and where you think the additional opportunities might come from?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think the -- you wouldn't expect in a government environment to be able to negotiate a very different profit margin on what's expected versus what you would do if you were just selling these assets. I would say that the upside to this thing is that if the utilization ends up being higher, and we are good at utilizing the capital behind these things and the demand is greater, that, that represents upside to us. So I think on an apples-to-apples basis, you would expect pretty similar levels of profitability for the base case. And if we're able to more effectively use -- utilize the capital and there's a demand that allows us to do that, that I would say we would have upside.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And the other opportunities are...
Scott C. Donnelly: Just higher-level utilization, additional task orders.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Not necessarily from other customers though?
Scott C. Donnelly: It can also be other customers, right? I mean, these assets are spoken for on sort of a task-order basis, and so it certainly can give us the opportunity, again, depending on what the demand is on these particular contracts can you also utilize those assets on other contracts over time, which could be with other customers as well.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And again, I'm sorry, domestics such as customs and border patrol, or more likely a European customer, for example.
Scott C. Donnelly: All of the above. I think this is a -- we're sort of in an interesting point right now. This is sort of the beginning of this kind of a concept, right, and so I guess, that's why I say when I think it could lead other opportunities, I think about all those kinds of applications. There's stuff within sort of civil applications like border patrols, monitoring of national or emergency areas or disaster areas. There's a lot foreign military applications, so I mean, obviously we'll be taking this model and trying to utilize it on a pretty broad range of applications.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein from Bank of America.
Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I've just got a couple of questions for you, maybe just a quick accounting one. When you look at Textron Financial, what provisions were taken during the quarter?
Frank T. Connor: $4 million, Ron.
Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, $4 million. Okay, that's great. And then kind of switching gears to the Chinese JV, how do you think about protecting intellectual property when you go into something like that?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think it's pretty easy for us, Ron. I mean, people talk a lot about intellectual property protection, and I think if you're a consumer goods kind of guy, you probably rightfully should worry about that a lot. On the other hand, I think as you get into some more sophisticated technology, there are sort of national protections. I think when you look at China in particular, I think it bears some understanding. Chinese are also very brand conscious, right? So if you look at -- I think what we're doing is much more akin to what's happened in the automotive market than a lot of other industries, where the Western companies that went in and set up joint ventures with the government and did local manufacturing and really had a footprint in the country are the ones that not only enjoyed the growth of that market and helped make the market, but are still the brands and the products that dominate that market today. You go to China, whether it's Shanghai, Beijing or the smaller cities, it's VWs and Audis and Buicks. I mean, these are the guys that were first movers, and they still have very powerful brand presence. People make a lot about sort of the knockoff car companies, the reality is they haven't done all that well. You don't see very many of those. I think when you look at our business in the aviation space, it's even further sort of down that continuum, if you will. And that if you're in the country and you're finishing your final assembly on Sovereigns, you're not going to see a company down the street all of a sudden and pop out with a Sovereign lookalike. You can't -- aviation is a global industry. You have to have certifications, you have to have the FAA and the CAC. So if anybody is going to try to take our intellectual property and do a knockoff of our products, that's going to be a very, very, very public thing. You're not going to all of a sudden see these things on the market for sale. It's years and years of development, a very, very difficult certification process. So I frankly think that people are, in our case, in our industry, our kind of product, our -- this is not an issue to worry about. And frankly, I think you're much, much better off being in the market and participating in the market than thinking you can avoid that market and somehow not worry about IT by taking that strategy. I mean, you're more susceptible to having intellectual property issues if you're not there and participating in the market.
Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Interesting. I guess what the counterargument would be is what happened to some of the rail companies over there, correct?
Scott C. Donnelly: I'm sorry, to who?
Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Like Siemens and some of the other companies when they were doing high-speed rail.
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, and I've heard of some of that, but again, I think when you think about all the certification requirements, and again, people buy aircraft and fly them around the world. There's not a local market or a specific local project, it really has to be a global product.
Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes. And then maybe just one last question for one of you guys, there's been a lot of discussion on the call both from you guys and from other analysts about pricing. Doesn't it imply, I mean, if pricing is still soft, that there's just too much supply on the market, that either on the used end or on the new end, that there's just too much supply, and that's why we're not seeing pricing get better? That really the only way we'll see pricing get better is we just need less supply somehow.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I -- there's absolutely no question there's a supply and demand issue going on here and part of that supply includes those used aircraft. And so I think if you look at sort of competition in the marketplace, that's exactly the dynamic that you have going on. And so everybody -- I don't think anybody wants to short the market, right, as things start to come back, so everybody is doing what we're doing, you're trying to understand what -- where you think the market's going and you're trying to build to a forecast because you can't do it month to month, you've got a fairly long-lead assets here. But I think what we -- we would love pricing to get better tomorrow, I would love pricing to be better yesterday, but I think we are where we are in the cycle. I think the used, as it starts to wind down in, particularly on the stuff that's still in production kind of aircraft, will help get that supply demand back into balance, but you still have at least 3, really 4 competitors out there that are all trying to make sure that they keep their position in the market. So as demand comes back and it is getting stronger, you'll start to see that switch just like it has in -- every time you go through these cycles.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Have any M2 or Latitude orders in the quarter?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Any numbers?
Scott C. Donnelly: No. But, Steve, I just -- just to put some color, they're not overwhelming numbers, okay? I mean, we're in a position here still in the market where people aren't -- you don't see lots of people lining up that want to place orders for aircraft that aren't going to deliver until 2015, okay? So yes, there are some, there are certainly people that want to be sort of first in line for the aircraft and love the airplane and want to do that. Obviously, we have more entry-level buyers and some current Mustang guys who are already thinking about their step-up and then looking at an M2 and saying, "That's where I want to go." Some of them have gotten to the point where they're putting money down and saying, "Yes, I want one of the first units." But there's not a panic yet in the market of people saying, "Geez, if I don't put an order in here real quick, I won't be able to get an airplane."
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right, right. And then you guys aren't going to give kind of your sold-out position for next year?
Scott C. Donnelly: No. That we're definitely not going to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Pearlstein from Wells Fargo.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Since there are no questions on Industrial, just I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about that. Just given the growth you've seen in the first quarter, if you're going to have flattish sales, is there any part of that, that you're expecting or worried about weakening as we go through the year?
Scott C. Donnelly: The part I still worry the most about is around the automotive build. I think the first quarter is always strong in the automotive industry, I mean, just the way that cycle tends to work, and it was pretty strong. It was a little softer in Europe, which we expected, but it was also considerably stronger in North America, actually even a little bit stronger than we would have expected. Asia was stronger, but not as strong probably as we would have liked. So I would say in terms of how the quarter went, we're happy with what we saw in terms of volume and the health in the industry. But I'd say we remain still a little concerned about what's going on in the -- what will happen over the course of the year, particularly in the European automotive market. And we have a significant share over there, right? It's about 40% of our automotive business.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then just on that topic, is Kautex, do they use this nylon, that seems was in the papers today about shortages in their fuel systems? And how does that play out?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, so they do. All of the major suppliers of full-molded tanks use the, I think it was PA12 was what you're referring to. So there was an explosion at a plant in Germany that manufacturers that material system. So it's too early to say exactly what's going to happen. I mean, it certainly has the potential to have an impact. They represent a significant source of supply for that particular material so there's -- all I can tell you is there's active discussions underway with our customers about material systems, alternate material systems, sort of how to manage and sort of bridge our way through that, given what has been sort of a key supplier that has had a real problem. And that's not unique to us, by the way. I mean, that's material that feeds into everybody that makes this kind of a tank.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Strauss from UBS.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: As a follow-up, I think it's Cessna, I don't think you've talked about regionally. Could you comment, Scott, specifically on North America, what you're seeing? And is North America, if you look specifically at the North America book-to-bill, is that above kind of the Cessna average?
Scott C. Donnelly: So I'm sorry I haven't done a book-to-bill on a per region basis, but I would say that the U.S. continues to be healthy, but I would say as we've gone into the year, we've seen some strengthening internationally as well. So I mean we're looking at order book that comes about, I mean I think over the course of the year and what we certainly see indicative in the first quarter, it's going to look more like a 60% international kind of a number as opposed to last year, which was more like a 30% and 70% U.S.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Shapiro from Shapiro Research.
George Shapiro: Yes, just following up on David's question, Scott, how about demand-wise, you're seeing more for your bigger planes versus the smaller ones?
Scott C. Donnelly: George, the mix continues to be, in terms of the order rates, favorable. So we're seeing sort of stronger demand in the CJ4 and up than say the Mustangs. And again, that's kind of consistent with what we saw in the latter part of last year and what our forecast is based around for this year.
George Shapiro: And then, did you give or will you give how much R&D change from last year at Cessna?
Scott C. Donnelly: Not on a by-business basis, George. But in terms of how you guys think about it, the only thing I would say is that we've talked increased dollars, still putting some pressure probably this year around percent of sales, but our expectation is that even though we'll continue to increase the dollars going forward, that we would start to lose that headwind in terms of percent of sales on R&D.
Douglas R. Wilburne: It appears now that we've exhausted all the questions and follow-ups. So thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for joining us, and we'll talk with you soon. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time today through July 18. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at anytime by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 225825. International participants, dial (320) 365-3844. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations Scott C. Donnelly - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Management Committee Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Heidi R. Wood - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Textron Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. We will now like to turn the conference over to our host, Doug Wilburne, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Douglas R. Wilburne: Thank you, Terry, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Moving now to fourth quarter results, starting with Slide 3. Revenues in the quarter were $3.3 billion, up 4.1% from a year ago. On a GAAP basis, we recorded a loss from continuing operations of $0.06 per share, which compares to earnings per share of $0.20 in the fourth quarter of 2010. Last year's EPS included $0.13 in special charges. Because we're reporting a loss in the quarter, the per-share loss is based on a basic share count of 279 million shares. Looking at Slide 4. This year's result included a number of onetime items, which resulted in a $0.55 reduction to fourth quarter EPS. Before we go through each of the items, let me point out that the amounts on this schedule are based on fully diluted shares, specifically 292.5 million shares for the fourth quarter and 307.3 million shares for the full year.  So starting with the first item. We recorded a $186 million pretax mark-to-market charge in the Golf Mortgage portfolio and our Finance segment in the quarter. We also recorded a $55 million pretax loss in corporate expenses reflecting the impact of convertible note purchases we completed during the quarter. As you may recall, we received $225 million in face value of notes in response to our public tender offer. Subsequent to the tender, we purchased another $159 million of notes. So on a full year basis, the total after tax impact of the convertible purchases was $0.13 per share, $0.08 of which related to the tender notes, and was included in our most recent full year guidance.  We also recorded $60 million in pretax charges at Textron Systems. This included a $41 million charge for intangible impairments and an approximate $19 million charge for severance costs. Working in the opposite direction was $59 million in pretax income, resulting from a payment of a note receivable from the company's 2008 sale of its Fluid & Power business. $52 million of this amount was recorded as an offset to corporate expense, and $7 million was recorded as an offset to interest expense. So after adjusting for these items, our fourth quarter earnings were $0.49 per share with full year at $1.31. Moving to cash flow. Fourth quarter manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $545 million, bringing our full year amount to $1 billion. Full year pension contributions were $642 million.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Scott.
Scott C. Donnelly: Thanks, Doug, and good morning everybody. Capped off the year with a solid fourth quarter with Cessna segment profit up $37 million; Bell up $29 million; and Industrial, up $24 million. We all saw a continued progress with another $386 million in liquidations at Textron Financial. That brings our full year liquidation to $1.5 billion. At the end of the quarter, we also moved the remaining Golf Mortgage portfolio into the held-for-sale category. As a result of the mark, we are now projecting the Finance segment will be approximately breakeven for the year.  Looking at Slide 5, our non-captive portfolio is now below the $1 billion mark at $950 million, with about $380 million in Golf Mortgage and about $320 million in timeshare. For the smaller portfolio, our annual liquidations will also be smaller, so we're anticipating about $350 million in non-captive receivable liquidations in 2012. Moving to systems. Revenues were down slightly in the quarter, consistent with what we've been seeing through the entire year, as a result of DoD program delays and project cancellations. Looking at 2012, with continued DoD spending pressures, we're expecting a relatively flat top line for the year.  As a result, we're executing a rightsizing plan at Systems, which is reflected in the severance charge we recorded in the fourth quarter. We're taking these actions to improve our cost competitiveness in a tighter budget environment. We'll continue to invest in new products, DoD opportunities and prospects for foreign military sales.  In the meantime, we have a number of important program proposals, which should be decided this year and should clarify the growth outlook for Systems. In terms of 2012, we anticipate flat revenues and margins in the 10% range. Shifting to Industrial. We continue to see good volume expansion in the quarter with Greenlee and Kautex, with Golf volumes relatively flat. We saw margin improvement at the segment with fourth quarter margins at 6.9%, versus 3.9% last year and 5.6% in third quarter.  Looking at 2012, given the unfavorable prevailing foreign exchange rates and uncertainty in European markets, we have a conservative top line expectation for the Industrial segment, resulting in flattish revenues and margins. Moving to Cessna. We delivered 67 jets in the quarter, down from last year's 79, reflecting our success this year in balancing deliveries between the third and the fourth quarters. In total, we delivered 183 jets, up from 179 in 2010. The big driver of this growth was the excellent receptivity in the marketplace for our CJ4, as we delivered 48 in 2011 versus 19 last year.  Order activity for the CJ4 remains good in large part due to the fact that the aircraft's performance is exceeding our expectations, as is usually the case with our Citation products.  With respect to the overall order environment, despite continued economic uncertainty, the fourth quarter was our strongest order quarter of the year. As we enter 2012, we continue to be in a spot market, but believe the market demand should build throughout the year. Coupled with our enhanced sales and marketing capabilities, we believe 2012 deliveries will be up modestly. We also expect margin improvement with increased volumes, despite planned increases in R&D spending as we continue to improve cost productivity. Longer term, we expect jet growth will accelerate as the global economy stabilizes, emerging markets develop further and our new products roll into the marketplace. In fact, customer reaction to our 2 most recent entrants, the M2 and the Latitude has been very good, and initial deliveries of those models should contribute to growth as they continue to come to the market in 2013 and '15, respectively. Now to wrap up with Bell. Execution across our programs continues to be outstanding, and that was reflected in our strong margins in the quarter. We delivered 7 V-22s, 6 H-1s and 62 commercial helicopters in the quarter, versus 7 V-22s, 7 H-1s, and 71 commercial units in the last year's fourth quarter.  On the military side, we continue to have excellent execution and delivery commitments, cost productivity and quality. Looking forward, we're actively pursuing FMS opportunities for both H-1 and V-22. In fact, we had an enthusiastic reception by a number of potential FMS customers at the recent Dubai Air Show. We took a number of them on demo flights so they could experience the impressive capabilities of V-22 technology firsthand. After a flight in an actual V-22, there's no question in the customers' mind with respect to how valuable this asset would be in the armed services. On the commercial side of the business, we're seeing the benefit of investments we've been making in product development and sales capabilities with very strong order flow. Most recently, our 429 helicopter was selected by the Turkish National Police for their fleet, with a requirement of 15 to 20 aircraft. The 429 also received an additional 500 pounds of lift certification from Transport Canada, increasing its gross weight to 7,500 pounds, which meaningfully increases the value of the aircraft for our customers. Looking to 2012, based on our current commercial backlog and customer activity underway, we expect a significant increase in commercial deliveries from the 125 aircraft delivered in 2011. Along with program increases in our military platforms, we expect Bell revenues to grow nearly 20% with strong margins.  In summary, I think we had a good year despite continued volatility in a tough global economic environment. Textron Systems is clearly affected by the DoD budget challenges, but we are taking actions to improve our competitiveness in this new environment. And Industrial, last year's top line -- 10% top line growth reflected growth in auto volume and our continued investment in new products. Cessna showed good progress, improving cost productivity throughout the year, revamped the sales process and launched 2 exciting new products. Bell performance at an all-time record, and just as importantly, we announced new products with more to come.  Overall, we substantially strengthened our balance sheet as we liquidated another major portion of our non-captive portfolio and generated strong manufacturing cash flow, allowing us to reduce our consolidated net debt by $1.5 billion to $3.5 billion.  Looking forward, we believe our overall growth outlook is good, as we continue to pursue a strategy of rapid new product development. Looking to 2012, on a projected overall revenue increase of about 11%, our guidance for EPS from continuing operations is in the $1.80 to $2 range. Cash flow from manufacturing operations before pension contributions is expected to be $700 million to $750 million, with pension contributions of about $200 million.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank T. Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning everyone. Manufacturing segment profit in the quarter was $268 million, up $27 million from the fourth quarter of 2010.  Let's look at how each of the manufacturing segments contributed, starting with Cessna. At Cessna, revenues were up $51 million on a year-over-year basis, as lower jet deliveries were more than offset asset by higher volumes in propeller products and aftermarket. We posted an operating profit of $60 million, an improvement of $37 million from the fourth quarter of 2010, reflecting better cost performance. At Bell, revenues were up $35 million, segment profit increased $29 million, reflecting strong program performance. At Systems, revenues were down $14 million. Segment profit decreased $63 million, reflecting the previously mentioned charges and lower revenue. Industrial revenues increased $70 million, primarily due to higher overall volume. Segment profits increased $24 million reflecting improved performance and a higher volume. Finance segment revenues were down $15 million as a result of our ongoing liquidation activities. The Finance segment loss increased $175 million primarily due to the mark-to-market charge. Looking at Slide 8 in terms of credit performance, before taking into account the impact of the reclassification of the Golf Mortgage portfolio, non-accrual finance receivables decreased from $606 million in the third quarter to $566 million. And 60-day-plus delinquencies decreased from $275 million to $241 million. However, when receivables are transferred to held for sale, they are removed from these credit performance metrics. Therefore, non-accruals ended the year at $321 million and 60-day delinquencies were $166 million.  Taking a look at Slide 9, our Finance segment capital structure reflects a 5.9x leverage ratio, well below our long-term target of 7x and consistent with our plan to achieve our liquidation strategy without the need for any new permanent capital. Moving to corporate items. Corporate expenses were $39 million, down from $48 million last year, primarily due to the impact that our lower share price had on compensation expense. Interest expense was down $10 million from a year ago, primarily as a result of the $7 million in interest income associated with the collection on the Fluid & Power asset sale. Turning to pensions and looking at Slide 10. We are reducing our discount rate and long-term rate of return assumptions, and we're estimating that 2012 pension costs will be approximately flat. We would've had an increase in pension expense given the discount rate and long-term rate of return revisions. However, the impact of changes in plan participant behavior and workforce demographics, and last year's cash contributions to the pension plans, offset these headwinds. Turning to Slide 11. We are planning to increase R&D spending for 2012 by $110 million to about $590 million or 4.8% of sales. This includes program-focused efforts in our businesses, as well as some product development activity at corporate. We also plan to invest slightly more in CapEx this year, about $450 million compared to $423 million last year. These investments are consistent with our emphasis on new product development and improving cost productivity. Now flipping to Slide 12, here's a summary of 2012 segment guidance. We're expecting about 14% revenue growth at Cessna and 19% at Bell, with a flattish top line outlook for Systems and Industrial. At Finance, as Scott indicated earlier, we're expecting non-captive receivable liquidations of about $350 million. with segment profit approximately breakeven for the year. Looking at Slide 13. We're projecting about $145 million for corporate expense, which reflects the impact of a higher share price and the cost for the previously mentioned product development activity. Interest expense at $140 million is flat with last year, and we're expecting an increase in our tax rate to about 32%, primarily reflecting the expiration of the U.S. R&D tax credit. And we're assuming an average share count of about 294 million shares.  With respect to our EPS guidance, to give you a sense of the underlying improvement in our business, take a look at Slide 14, which is a walk from our 2011 GAAP results of $0.79 at the midpoint of our 2012 guidance range. $0.52 of the improvement relates to the elimination of the fourth quarter onetime items and $0.37 reflects the elimination of Finance segment operating losses. There's a pick-up of $0.09 primarily due to lower convertible share dilution. We have a tax rate headwind of about $0.04, primarily related to the expiration of the U.S. R&D tax credit, and $0.31 in headwinds from higher R&D and depreciation. This means that we expect our underlying manufacturing business to generate approximately $0.48 increase in earnings per share.  I'd like to wrap up with a final comment about our liquidity outlook. With the financing actions we took last year and the liquidation success we have had with TFC, we have made significant progress from a capital structure and financing point of view. Looking at the next 2 years, we have $200 million of debt coming due in 2012 and $1.1 billion in 2013, which we believe can be satisfied even under a reasonable downside scenario with our current cash balance of nearly $900 million and expected cash flows at TFC in the manufacturing businesses. That concludes our prepared remarks, Terry, we can open the line for questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of David Strauss with UBS.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Scott, the book-to-bill at Cessna, when you calculate just straight up on sales, looks like it was about 0.7. But when you look just at the jet side, x Mustang, was that number closer to 1? Because I know the sales number includes a fair amount of service revenues, used aircraft revenues.
Scott C. Donnelly: David, I haven't done the math that way to look at that. I mean, I'm sure it's a more favorable number, but I think what's more important at this stage of the game where Cessna is and where the light to medium-sized business jet recovery is, is this is all about selling aircraft. So for sure, there's some backlog there, but we're out -- as we look at our numbers and what we're guiding you to in terms of revenue in the business. This is all about selling airplanes and that's where we've been sort of for the last 2 years. So where we're guiding, where we think the revenue is going to go, where the jet volume is going to go, as we kind of say up modestly is really more based on our view of the current marketplace, the level of customer activity and what we think we'll be able to close in terms of orders, which largely we'll be converting to sales, just as they have been in the last couple of years. So my principal view is see us up modestly is based on sort of the tone of the marketplace and what's going on with the sales guys. And I'd love if we had this big backlog and could tell you, "Loo, it's all locked up," but that's not where we've been for the last 2 years. And we've been pretty accurate about gauging the market and getting the orders in, converting into sales and I think that's where we're going to be in 2012.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Heidi Wood with Morgan Stanley.
Heidi R. Wood - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Scott, a question on Cessna's pre-R&D margins. Can you give us a sense as to where you were in 2011 and '12, considering that R&D is going up this year? How shall we think about it in a pre-R&D basis?
Scott C. Donnelly: I think on a pre-R&D basis, we are seeing some margin expansion. This past year, I think, we've even seen that through the course of the year as we attacked particularly the cost issues around the CJ4, and have gotten that where it's now back to reasonably healthy margins. So I think if you look at sort of the contribution margin level, we'll continue to see improvements in that through the course of the year. We're assuming relatively flat on the pricing side. So I think the improvements you're going to see are going to largely -- because obviously, there's some benefit and some additional volume. We obviously have the headwind of the R&D, but I do think just the underlying contribution margin will continue to improve.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Barclays Capital.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a quick question, Scott, on the -- you talked about the tone of the market. I wondered if you might speak to what you're hearing, seeing from the sales guys on a geographic level, U.S. versus Europe versus emerging markets and what sort of things, particularly, you're seeing in the U.S. with there being such a large market and having presumably some sort of pent-up replacement demand. Is that an area of strength? Or any color there would be helpful.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, it certainly is, Carter. I mean, I think if you looked at the sort of, geographic lay of the land, our deliveries over the course of this year have largely been U.S. It's probably around the 70-30 split U.S., versus international at this point. That seems to be the trend. I would expect to see numbers pretty consistent with that 70-30 split as we go through 2012. So the U.S. as you say, very large installed base. Customers are used to upgrading, certain amount of pent-up demand, where people know it's getting to be time to do this. And I think that's what's driving a fair bit of the activity. The Latin America markets continue to be pretty strong. We still see some strength in some of the Indonesia, Southeast Asia regions that are creating some demand, particularly strong for some of our Caravan turboprop lines, some activity in Eastern Europe. Western Europe I would say is pretty quiet at this point. So again, I think, in total it's been sort of a 70-30 market. And I would expect to see that trend through 2012.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you give us an update on the V-22 program? I guess at one point, you all sounded fairly confident about a second multi-year, then that's ebbed towards maybe that not happening, and now that discussion seems to be picking back up. Can you tell us what you expect to learn in this Pentagon deliberations over the next few weeks on V-22? And if you could walk through the next several year kind of unit outlook you see there, that would be very helpful.
Scott C. Donnelly: Sure. So I think, Noah, the conversations between ourselves and the Marine Corps and the acquisition side have stayed pretty constant with respect to V-22 and the outlook for another multi-year. We've submitted proposals. Those proposals have been going through the analytical process in the Pentagon in terms of justification around a multi-year versus a series of single-year contracts. That's usually a fairly long elaborate process, and it's proving to be exactly that. But I think that there's general views, both on from our perspective and the government's perspective, that a multi-year is the right answer for the program. So I would say I remain pretty bullish that, that's going to happen. It's certainly our desire. I believe it's our customers' desire to make that happen. So I think what you'll see happen now is -- the original basis was on sort of original program of record volume expectations. I think everyone has known for some time now that the reality would be that the rate of production, when you get out to 2015 and on, will be at a lower per annum number. And so we're in the process now of working through with the government and revising the numbers to reflect lower rates of production. But that process is continuing, and I'm still, again, fairly bullish that we will end up with another multi-year. And that process will work its way out here probably through 2012. I think again, we want to see that happen. The customer would like to see that happen. We all know it's the best economic outcome for the customer. So that being said, I do believe that the rates on V-22, which are still ramping as we go into 2012 and then they kind of hold steady through '13 and '14, my expectation is that the U.S. government side of this thing will be lower in 2015 and on. And that's why we're outworking FMS opportunities, looking at other applications of the product. There are a number of international customers that are very interested. And the way we have to look at it is that, sure, numbers will be down on the U.S. DoD side in '15, but that actually creates some production capacity to go address the Foreign Military side. So that's the process that we've undertaken. We're out selling, were interacting with a number of customers to try to fill what will be that production gap when you get out to the 2015 timeframe.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It sounds like you think this is up next year, flat '13, '14 and then potentially still flat depending on what you do internationally even beyond that.
Frank T. Connor: Yes. The contracted numbers, Noah, are 39 in '12, 40 in '13, and 36 in '14. So up, then flatten, slightly down '13, '14.
Scott C. Donnelly: But you're right now, this is, we're basically running at peak capacity for the next 3 years, and then we have production slots to fill for 2015.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then on the Bell margin, can you speak to -- they've been very good and above expectations, can you speak to the degree to which you're theoretically over earning on V-22? Especially potentially V-22 aftermarket? Or if this has just been straight up performance or some mix of the 2?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think it's been straight up performance. I think our margins have been good on V-22. I think one of the things you're seeing a big swing is our historical margins on H-1 were very poor. And as we've gotten H-1 and the real production rates and running and driving productivity and efficiency into that, we're getting the VH-1 rates to where they should be. So I think V-22 and H-1 are fair rates as we've overachieved in terms of driving costs. We've been able to get some better margin and our customers have been able to get benefit out of that as well. So I think those programs are in good shape. They're healthy both in terms of original equipment and aftermarket. You don't see huge swings in the pricing on those original versus aftermarket on the military side. We continue to see reasonable volumes on our commercial business starting to build, the service business doing okay. The big difference is as we go into 2012 is you're going to see, again, some increase in V-22 as we talked about going up to the 39, but we expect to see pretty significant increases in original equipment commercial sale. And obviously, we're putting a lot of money into the R&D side of this thing, and we have a big announcement here at Heli-Expo, and we're ramping up pretty significant program investment. But all that being said, I think our margins will stay strong. I mean the guidance we're putting out there I think is a pretty solid guidance for a helicopter business. These are good margins and we'll sustain them.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mitchell, Julian with Crdit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess the first question would be around how you think about the cost base of the company? Because I guess you've got a situation where the backlog's still shrinking in Cessna, but the deliveries are looking better. So how are you thinking about capacity and kind of utilization rates given where capacity is today versus the prior peak? And then also, I guess how capacity relates to the defense side of the business where there is some restructuring going on, but you're optimistic on the V-22, you have a new multi-year program. So how are you thinking about managing that cost base down over the next few years? And what are you thinking about the cost base inside Cessna as well?
Scott C. Donnelly: Sure. So I mean, Julian, obviously it varies a lot from business-to-business. So I look at Cessna, where we've done a lot of cost reduction over the last couple of years, which you would expect given the significant volume reductions that we had. I think we've probably now turned the corner on that. We had a slight increase this year. I think we'll have a modest increase next year in terms of the production volumes. Obviously, the number of new product programs is increasing. So we're sort of at a point now where we would expect to be growing our -- some cost associated primarily with R&D at Cessna. We obviously don't need to invest anything in growing raw capacity at Cessna. Now we do have some additional CapEx. But again, that's all driven around tooling for these new product programs. So in terms of the physical infrastructure, manufacturing facilities, metal bonds, paint boost, that stuff is all in place and ready to go. So there's no increased capital in that area, but I don't think we need to do any more rationalization of that cost or facility because we're actually now going to probably start to turn to higher levels of utilization. At Cessna -- I'm sorry, at Bell, the situation, in fact, we had a note that was out a couple of weeks ago. One of the things that we're looking at is our capacity as we start to see the levels flat or even decrease in terms of things like V-22s out in 2015. Historically, we've done most of our commercial aircraft final assembly in our facilities in Canada, and we've done primarily our military V-22 and H-1 final assemblies in Amarillo. So we announced that this new program, the product which will be announced here at the Heli-Expo shortly. We've already announced that the production, the final assembly of that product will be in Amarillo even though it's a commercial ship. And the reason for that is we already see capacity expansion or capacity being pretty tight up in our Canadian facilities. But we know we can have some softness on the military side, so we're going to put that production capacity in Amarillo to help balance our utilization of what was wholly dedicated to military to put some commercial volume in there as that commercial volume grows. If you look across the Systems business, part of what we announced yesterday in terms of our restructuring is exactly aimed at an expectation that you will see some lower volumes and lower demand across those businesses. And obviously, if we end up winning some programs and you see some growth, then we'll address that. But I think it's prudent in an environment where you know the budgets are going be tighter and things are going to tend to be delayed and scaled down, that we're taking the appropriate charges and size in the cost structure of the business. So that even if it's a smaller business, it's a profitable business.
Operator: And our next question comes from line of Robert Stallard with Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Scott, I was wondering if you can comment on the order situation at Cessna, it tends to be in the past that the fourth quarter has been a strong quarter for business jet sales, and then things have maybe dried up a bit in the subsequent quarter. Do you see a similar sort of pattern this time around?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, Rob. I think the nature of this thing, the way it works with tax incentives and whatnot is we've always had the cyclical nature of the fourth quarter being a strong delivery quarter, and the first quarter tends to be a fairly weak delivery quarter. And I think that you're going to see that. I think that's fairly natural in the way these industry cycles work. That being said, given the strength of what we see on the order rate through the fourth quarter and continuing into the first quarter, I certainly expect that we'll have better performance in the first quarter than we had a year ago. So in terms of profitability, it will probably be more in the breakeven. But I think the good news is, we won't be digging ourselves a big hole in the first quarter as we have the last couple of years.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just to follow up on the Textron Systems, you said you expect the revenues this year, 2012, to be roughly flat. What sort of backlog do you currently have there? Because given the pressures you have in the DoD, that would seem like a relatively optimistic forecast.
Frank T. Connor: Well, the backlog was $1.3 billion Rob, it was down just a little under $200 million from the third quarter. But again right now, backlog is a difficult metric for Systems because of the undefinitized contracts and the like there.
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes I think -- exactly. The backlog, first of all, Rob, as you know, I mean you have to kind of look at the different pieces of the business to try to kind of understand backlog. And there is an awful lot, too much, in my opinion, of undefinitized contract work going on where you can have an entire contract executed under an undefinitized contract, which means it never goes into backlog, because it's not a definitized contract. So that's a metric that I would be cautious about. I think if you look at the 3 largest businesses in there, ASVs are pretty well spoken for in terms of volume in 2012. When you start thinking about 2013 and '14, it's largely going to be around what happens with programs like the Canadian TAPV program, so again, I don't think that was backlog per se. I think 2012 feels good and again based on contract awards, we'll see how things are going into the future in the defense systems, Sensor Fuzed Weapon business. That's a business that I feel pretty comfortable where we are in terms of customers and backlog and order rates, that, that's probably going to sustain for a number of years at kind of the rates that we're running today. And then the UAV business is probably going to be in reasonable shape for the year. It's a number of different contracts, a number of different programs, mostly upgrades, there's some ISR Services programs, there's SMSF opportunities. There are programs that have to be won but in terms of where the budgets are in the government, where our backlog is, what programs we're executing on, I think, it again aims towards being a relatively flat year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Access 3:42.
George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC: Scott, just in Textron Systems, I mean how realistic do you think it is to have flat revenues there as opposed to down to some extent?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, George, again, I think that for 2012 we have pretty good insight into the ASV business, which is a good size part of the business that's already -- program that we're executing and we'll deliver through the course of the year at the SFW side of things, and we know what that is. Those contracts were already won, we're already executing the programs. There are some things that need to be won on the unmanned air vehicle, unmanned air system side of the business, but there are several opportunities. So I think we have reasonable visibility on the year. I mean, depending on what happens in the budgets, we can always have some additional haircuts. But I don't think they'll be dramatic, and that's why we kind of guided to flattish. I mean it could be down a little bit but also it could be up a little bit. I think it will depend largely on how those program win opportunities go through 2012. And obviously, I think even more important, that will give us a lot better insight into what '13 and '14 look like.
George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC: And then one in Bell. I mean, the past 2 years, you kind of blown away your Bell margin guidance by a lot. Why wouldn't you still do a lot better this year since I'm figuring you're at the tail end of the current V-22 multi-year, and usually you wind up getting some contract pick-ups in that last year of the contract.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I mean I think there's a couple of things here, George. I mean we are forecasting 13% to 14%, which are pretty healthy margins. We do have R&D headwind as we ramp up a significant program in that business. With respect to these end-of-contract kind of things, we have been, I think, much more diligent at working very hard to make sure that our estimates of completion on these program accounting areas are much more, I don't know, I won't say realistic, but I mean, we're trying to make sure that we're doing a better job of forecasting the total program margin and try to avoid having these big end of contract, onetime sort of cum catch accounting things. So I think that the margins that we're booking associated with our revenue are pretty accurate to what the real margin of the programs are. And to take out some of the conservatism perhaps that others put in there and then end up with these big gains at the end of contract period.
George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC: Okay. And then one just quick one on Cessna. I mean given that you're more relying on the spot market, I mean, how do you factor in the margin guidance that you're giving? It would seem like you probably got to be somewhat on the conservative side.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I don't know George. I mean this is kind of year 3 of this. So trying to understand where the market is, what customer event [ph] is going to look like, what's going on competitively in the marketplace, it really is -- it's a forecast. But again, we've gotten to be fairly good at this. I mean, there's always the disclaimer if jeez things really went -- changed radically in terms of the marketplace, then we could see some additional pressures. But we've aligned our production forecast to where we think it's going to go. As I said earlier, I think we've seen sort of a flattening of price for the most part of the markets. So we kind of assume that's going to happen. And then obviously, we look at what activities we have internally around cost productivity to support that level of margin rates. So I think just our view is given where the market is, the level of activity on the order rate, the discussions with the customers, what we're doing inside, what we're doing on R&D, we feel like this is a, hopefully, a fairly accurate projection of where we're going to be.
Operator: And our next question comes from Cai Von Rumohr with Cowen and Company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So your R&D, you projected is up 50 bps for the year. Is it fair to assume that all of the businesses, except for Systems, you're going to see some increase of about 50 bps?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes. I think that's fair, Cai, though I think the majority of it, you'll see around Cessna and Bell.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Right, right. But those are the biggest absolute numbers. But so as we think forward beyond 2012, is R&D at Cessna now likely at sort of a plateau level or near a plateau level?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think you could still see some increases in the absolute dollars, Cai, but I think given where we think we're going with revenue, you're going to start to see that flat line in terms of on a percent of sales basis.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And could you give us a little more color? You have a number of competitions in the Systems area. Could you give us a little more color in terms of what those are, when the decisions are and your chances?
Scott C. Donnelly: So well, I like our chances, Cai. The most significant programs that are out there, you've got the Ship-to-Shore connector, which will probably be, I think it will be a first half decision. I don't know if it will be in this quarter, but it will probably be in the first half of the year. You've got the TAPV program, which is the armored security vehicle, light air platform in the Systems business, which is probably going to be likewise. I don't think it will be first quarter, but more likely in the second quarter. We have several programs in Sensor Fuzed Weapons, which I feel very good about in terms of winning in places like the UAE and Saudi Arabia. We also have some programs on the Unmanned Air Vehicle side and medium UAS and ISR Services that are programs which, again, are probably in the first quarter, second quarter this year.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Terrific. And lastly, your Golf area that's held for sale, are you in negotiations? I mean, is there a reasonable chance that, that could be gone within the first 6 months?
Scott C. Donnelly: No, and no. I think it's not -- Cai, the reason we put it into held for sale is, as you know, our strategy on virtually all of our assets has been to just hold for investment, run them in due course and in the event somebody's solicited to acquire and look at them, we would do that and move them to sale at that time. And that's obviously been very effective in all of our other asset classes. Because there's not a lot of liquidity going back into the Golf Mortgage portfolio area, we felt that a change of strategy to say we'll hold them for sale so because now we can go out and more actively market those and try to look for opportunities to do that. So we've obviously just made that change in strategy and obviously, taking the accounting that reflects that. So now we're in a position where we can go out and start to market those assets. I don't think it's going to be one big transaction. I don't think it's going to happen within 6 months, but I think it gives us the ability to go out there and get a better feel. Look, I mean, it's not our objective here to fire-sale these things or feel like we need to do something in 6 months. Our cash position is great. But it's just not an asset class that is turning or one where we're getting a lot of inbound traffic. So I think it's appropriate that we change the strategy, put them up for -- it's held for sale and then go start to make inquiries and see what we can do. So I mean, I still think this is probably more like a 2-year time horizon kind of a deal but at least we can get out there and start to market them.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Scott, can you speak or maybe, Frank, just speak to the cash flow outlook for 2012. Obviously, downticking from '11, it looks like D&A and CapEx kind of offset, is there anything else in particular that's going on in there that drives the year-over-year delta?
Frank T. Connor: No. We kind of overdrove a bit on cash flow frankly in 2011, Jeff, kind of relative to obviously what our guidance had been, that the cash flow guidance for '12 is essentially 100% conversion on earnings. And so it's right in the area that we think is a normalized type rate with frankly some better performance in 2011, causing a bit of the kind of the negative comparability.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: And I was also just wondering kind of last question for me, just, Scott, thinking about the cadence here in '12 with Cessna, you succeeded in '11 and relatively getting at level, although it always ramps towards year end of course, but do you see the same type of cadence in '12? Or given that the backlogs are a little leaner going into the year relative to kind of the forecast that maybe it tilts more back-end loaded again?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think I would expect it to look more like we saw in '11. So as I said earlier, Jeff, I think we're -- clearly our expectations in terms of at cadence in what we're doing out there in selling, combined with where customers want to go is that I would expect we'll get off to a better start this year than we have over the last couple of years. And we'll sustain at that better more level pace through the balance of the year. So we don't want to see this big -- frankly, it's very difficult to run the business effectively with these huge swings. So the focus of the business clearly is to make this thing more level. We were successful doing that between Q3 and Q4, and I think we'll be much more level this year. I want to be cautious. I mean the third, fourth quarter always going to be stronger than the first, second quarter. I mean the first quarter is a challenge. But again, I don't think we will dig as big a hole in the first quarter, and we will have something that's more like what you saw in the third and fourth quarter last year in terms of trying to level this thing out.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Scott, you talked by the business becoming more a spot business and obviously, you've done a good job in the last couple of years managing it to that extent. Can you give us maybe a little bit more granularity of the 183 jets you delivered in 2011, how many of those were actually bookings in year that were spot bookings?
Scott C. Donnelly: I don't even have that number in front of me.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Can you give us any ballpark?
Scott C. Donnelly: I mean, honestly, I'd be guessing. When you go through and you look at -- obviously, there's a lot of dynamics, cancellation to orders and whatnot that are in there. So no, I'm sorry, I would be completely guessing. I just don't have the number.
Frank T. Connor: Also, I think the best thing to say is that we've gone into our delivery years with less backlog than in normal circumstances. And we were clearly in that situation now, and I think Scott went through a pretty extensive discussion in terms of those dynamics.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. I guess was curious, though, if you had $1 billion burn in the backlog this year, was that largely because of cancellations? Or because of deliveries from backlog? Obviously, they would tell you 2 different things.
Scott C. Donnelly: It was both.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And I guess a clarification on the $180 million outlook for pension expense in 2012, Frank, how much of benefit did you get from the change in demographics, and I guess, choices by the employee base?
Frank T. Connor: Yes. It was kind of $50-ish million, $60-ish million of benefit from kind of the various changes that have taken place in terms of kind of our employee profile and kind of attrition rates and things like that as we relooked at the employee base and the trends over the past couple of years. So it was a meaningful number and obviously, the kind that very much helps on a go forward cost basis.
Douglas R. Wilburne: And then the cash contribution was...
Frank T. Connor: Yes. And then the cash contribution.
Operator: And our next question comes from line of Jason Gursky with Citibank.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Scott, you mentioned the Ship-to-Shore competition that might happen in the first half of this year. Can you just remind us, if you are successful on that, what your expectations are around revenue levels and timing?
Scott C. Donnelly: It's not going to have a huge revenue impact in 2012. That program starts out as a development activity, completing the design, and then you go into a limited rate production, that's probably '13, '14 kind of timeframe. And then you'd really see production volumes out beyond that. So an important program obviously, but one that's not going to be a big 2012 revenue impact.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right, okay. That's helpful. And then you mentioned several things during the call that pricing at Cessna at this point you expect it to be kind of flattish. In your experience, what are you going to take for pricing power to come back to the industry generally, I mean we're at pretty low levels of capacity utilization? Where do you think we need to get, kind of industry-wide, to see pricing actually firm up and maybe actually starts higher?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think there's 2 things. I mean obviously, just some demand in the marketplace never hurts. I think the other thing is more new products and more differentiation. So as we look at new products coming into the marketplace, things like Latitude where you have some significant differentiation and capability, M2 where you've got differentiation in product and some other new things that we have in the pipeline, there's no question that refreshes, updates and just flat out having a better product always helps a little bit on the price line as well. So I think it's that combination -- that's why I kind of see things flattish here over the next year because demand is just starting to come back, and the current product suite, which are great products, but there's not a lot of new stuff to say, "Hey, you're going to pay more than you would have paid 6 months ago because of some new capability." So I think you'll see some slight lift on price in the sort of the near to medium term just as demand comes back, and then you'll see better pricing, you should start to see more and more product differentiation.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And then one last one, just on the Systems side. Do you have any ability to participate in the JLTV or what is it going to be -- your exposure going be there, if you're going to go that route as opposed to Humvee recap, and just kind of any other types of opportunities that you might see out there that you haven't already discussed either today or in the past several quarters?
Scott C. Donnelly: So we don't currently participate in the JLTV program. We are one of the candidates to the extent they would look at a Humvee recapitalization program. There's a lot of noise going on right now in the building around that program, like a lot of programs, as to whether it will happen, won't happen, whether there's JLTV and some Humvee recap activity. There's been some very recent word out of Pentagon that they may not do the Humvee recap program, but this is all sort of new, news and obviously something that we'll need to understand and work our way through.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a question, I know you're not going to give us kind of your backlog status for the year. And I guess you said that it's going to finish or at least start relatively similar to prior years, but maybe a little bit better given the indications you're seeing. At what point, if we assume that things don't play out in the consensus macro way and we do get further hiccups in Europe, et cetera, at what point will you make a production decision on 2013? I mean, is another production cut in your mind, maybe is there any probability of another production cut given what you're seeing for 2013? I'm just thinking about how kind of short cycle this business is now, and relative to the economy, and it just doesn't appear to me that the backlog situation to change very much coming out of the fourth quarter.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, Steve, I think normally just the way the cycle of the business works, the '13 decisions is really more in midyear '12 in terms of production rates, I mean, something we revisit and look all the time. I mean we're not -- just the nature of the long cycle manufacturing, it's not something we're -- we look at it like on specific dates. I mean, it's something that's kind of always a roll forward. In terms of the probability that you would see a production back off in '13. I mean as you said, if you had a major hiccup another 2008, 2009, from a global economic meltdown happen, absolutely, you would have a reduction, and we would act accordingly. I think that seems fairly unlikely given where we are right now and certainly unlikely given what that level of activity we're seeing with our customers, but something we always keep an eye out for. But the timeline here for '13 is something we would be looking at as we go into really more closer to the midyear for next year, when we'll start making that decision.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Sure. So I guess it doesn't sound to me like -- it sounds to me like the, I guess, the inquiries and customer conversations that you're having are at least enough to kind of make you feel good that you could grow or at least hold your production stable even in a kind of, now I guess we can call it a 2010 or 2011 economic environment, where it's a little bit more confidence based than actual dramatic declines in industrial production and that type of thing. Is that the right way to kind of think about it?
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes. I think that's accurate. I mean, if you kind of stay where we are, then we would feel like we can make our 2012 numbers that we're forecasting to you, and then that would kind of hold steady through '13.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ronald Epstein with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of questions for Scott, maybe on the defense side of the business first. You mentioned before about things potentially slowing down in the DoD and some things getting pushed out. Can you give a little more color around how you're trying to reposition the business given that changing backdrop?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I mean a lot of it is just around the cost structure of the business. I mean, we went through a period of growth through '06, '07, '08, '09. And as you sit here and you say, okay guys, things are going to be slower, we're seeing a fairly regular trend towards decisions being delayed, program starts being delayed, we need to size the business of cost structures, so a lot of the reductions we're doing. We're not taking big hits out of a lot of the areas that we think we need to invest to win new programs in the R&D and the bid proposal areas. Obviously, manufacturing-related costs, we will scale and have been scaling associated with the volume of those productions. But when it comes to a lot of the overhead functions, support and things like that, we really need to size that thing back to being a smaller business and if you win contracts, you get new opportunities, that's fine. You can add cost back in to execute them but I think it's just taking a general trend that, sure, we want to grow, yes, we have a lot of proposals out there. And if we win, most of them, we could see growth. But we have to, I think, have a mentality that says this whole industry, under the current payout trajectory of the DoD budgets, is an industry that's going to shrink. And so we want to try to get -- make sure we're ahead of that.
Ronald J. Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then maybe just switching gears a little bit to the commercial side of the business, maybe more specifically Cessna, when you think about the bifurcated recovery in the business jet market right now, I mean a lot of the really big stuff's kind of comeback already, the mids and the lights, it seems like they're starting to come back. Isn't that really tempting to do a bigger airplane to try to get into that piece of the market?
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I mean I think there's 2 things there, Ron. First of all, you're right. I mean, just the nature of how the cycle has played out, the big metal has come back faster than the light to mid, but the decision to go get into doing -- the big cabins where this stuff is really strong, is a much bigger aircraft. It would be a huge investment on our part to go do that, which I think we would have to do with the expense of investing in the core of our light to mid-size market. And it's not like the large market isn't pretty well served. So I mean, you're basically spending a ton of money and to go into a well-served market, I just don't think it will be the right use of our capital. The place where we've been very successful and we can make a lot of investment and be very competitive and be in the right position as the light, midsize growth comes back is just a better bet for us.
Operator: Now we have a question from Steve Levenson with Stifel.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I think all the good questions were asked. Can you talk a little bit about the competitive landscape for Cessna as things begin to look up, what you see coming into the market, and what you see that might be going out of the market?
Scott C. Donnelly: So I think from a competitive landscape, obviously, what you have new coming into the market, which is now been going on for a few years is Embraer. We've seen them come in with the Phenom 100 and 300. The announcements and introductions that will come in the future on the 450 and the 500. Clearly, when you look at some of the things that we've announced, the M2, which really puts a product out there, the issue we really had is a Phenom 100 kind of sat bigger than a Mustang but smaller than our CJ family. And so by coming in with the M2, we're providing an aircraft in that cabin class with better speed and performance was something that I think will be very, very good for us in the marketplace. Similarly, if you looked at where things were going on something like a 450, which was sort of bigger than our XLS, a little bigger cabin comfort in there, which has been our strong suit in the past. That's the reason the Latitude exists. It gives our customers, again, a product in that category, with those kind of performance features that's a better product. So I think that from a new product standpoint, and this kind of refers back with the discussion with Ron, investing in those kind of products, like the M2, like the Latitude and you're going to hear more things to come, really is positioning us with some outstanding products vis--vis what the competitors are doing. In terms of guys going out of the market, there's obviously a great deal of uncertainty around where Hawker Beech is going, and we'll all hopefully kind of see how that plays. But I think -- we look at the competitive market that's out there today, both the current guys, the new guys that have come in, and I think that our product strategy is in a great spot right now in terms of making sure that we have very, very competitive products that line up very well head-to-head with the overall competitive marketplace.
Douglas R. Wilburne: All right, Terry, I think we have one more follow-up question in queue and we'll finish up with that.
Operator: Okay. And our follow-up question is from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of follow ups. Given what you've done with TFC and the shape of the balance sheet and the cash flow statement are now in and the cash flow projection you just gave us, which looks fairly strong, when do you think about bringing back share repurchase and/or a larger dividend?
Frank T. Connor: I think we've got another year here of being focused on continuing to work on the balance sheet, continuing to kind of fund the pension plan. We, obviously, with the moves that we made on the convert this past year, we did retire some underlying dilution associated with that securities and so kind of we did pay a premium for those securities to, in fact, remove kind of the dilutive impact of that. But we're going be largely focused as we look at, at least this year, and continue to kind of watch how the businesses continue to ramp, with continuing to improve the balance sheet and work on the pension plan.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And just one other one, just one other one on the Cessna margins. I know there's a lot of moving pieces, and the volume outlook is relatively uncertain. But the midpoint of the revenue and the midpoint of the margin imply a year-over-year incremental that is a little bit below 20%, and that's comparing against a 2011 that had a huge negative number in the first quarter that I suspect you're not intending to repeat. And you have new leaders at Cessna that at NBAA went through a dozen slides on all the things they're doing on a productivity and cost standpoint. So it seemed like that would be low relative to those items. Is there more upside or downside risk to Cessna margins from where you see it today?
Scott C. Donnelly: That's a different, difficult -- yes, I have to say that the answer to that question is yes. Look, I think if the volumes come through, there could be a little bit of upside to it. If there's volume softness, then there could be some downside to it. And I think that's kind of why we got it where it is. No, it's a phase in this program or for that business given where the market is, that we're uncertain on volumes, right. I mean there's a lot of aircraft to sell. We're out doing that. We're having pretty good success with that, I would say. But we're going to be selling airplanes all year to make those numbers happen. So when you balance all that stuff out, that's why we ended up where we ended up.
Douglas R. Wilburne: All right, ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much. That concludes our call for today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation and using the AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-19 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations Scott Donnelly - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Management Committee Frank T. Connor - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Peter J. Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Drew Pierson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Mayur Manmohansingh - Barclays Capital, Research Division Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Gentlemen, thank you very much for standing by, and welcome to today's Textron Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded, and information on accessing the replay of today's call will be given at the end of the conference. With that, I'd like to turn the conference over to our host today, Mr. Doug Wilburne, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Douglas R. Wilburne: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Moving now to third quarter results. Revenues in the quarter were $2.8 billion, up 13.5% from a year ago, which yielded earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.45 compared to a net loss of $0.17 per share in the third quarter of 2010. Last year's result also included $0.30 per share in special charges. Third quarter manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $339 million compared to $174 million during last year's third quarter. This brings our year-to-date cash flow to $455 million, double last year's $226 million for the same period.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everybody. Let me start by saying we believe we had a solid quarter, with good execution, especially at Cessna and Bell. We had 15% top line growth in our Manufacturing segments, reflecting sales expansion across most all of our businesses. We're pleased with continued success in selling commercial aircraft in what has been an uncertain environment over the past 3 months. As a result, at Cessna, we delivered 47 jets in the quarter, up significantly from last year's 26. With the orders we recorded in the quarter, which is typically a slower order period, along with current customer activity, we remain on track to achieve our target of a slight increase in deliveries this year, barring no major economic disruptions.  I'm also pleased with the progress we're making at Cessna with respect to execution. Scott Ernest has been on board for about 5 months now, and I think he and the Cessna team have established a good cadence to drive both operational and sales execution.  We're excited about our 2 newest products, the M2 and the Latitude, which we introduced for this year's NBAA. The Citation M2 provides a very economical step up from Mustang with a larger fuselage, an aft lav and a full 12-foot cabin with increased seating. The M2 also features our new clarity cabin technology system, most modern cabin control, communications and connectivity system available on any aircraft in this class.  Compared to the competition, the M2 has also a 37% climb seat advantage, will cruise 40 knots faster and provides an additional 100 nautical miles in range. The M2 is also an excellent value priced at $4.2 million and even more so when you consider Cessna's superior aftermarket support and residual value of retention. We're on an accelerated development cycle and expect entry into service in 2013.  We also announced the all-new Latitude jet. This is priced between the midsized XLS and Sovereign models. And at $14.9 million, the Latitude is the largest Citation cabin with a spacious 72-foot height and a flat floor system. Combining the best comfort and performance, the Latitude will have a cruise speed of 440 knots and a 2,000-plus nautical mile range, making it a very compelling choice in the price range. Moving to Bell. Business execution across our programs continues to be excellent and thats reflected in our strong margins this quarter. We delivered 9 V-22s, 7 H-1s and 26 commercial helicopters versus 7, 5 and 24 in the third quarter of 2010. Bell backlog at the end of the third quarter was $6.4 billion, down $588 million from the end of the second quarter of 2011, reflecting military deliveries during the quarter, as well as a $781 million reduction to backlog, primarily to correct an error made in the fourth quarter 2009, which recorded as backlog the full value of a V-22 contract rather than Bell's proportionate share. The commercial order environment of Bell is holding up fairly well, given the macro environment, so we also remain on track to post a slight increase in commercial deliveries at Bell this year.  On the new product front, our 407GX earned FAA certification during the quarter. The 407GX is generating significant new customer interest and should contribute to continued growth in deliveries at Bell. We're also proud that Bell was ranked #1 in product support for the sixth consecutive year by AIN. Moving to systems. We continue to experience some program approval delays, so volumes were essentially flat in the quarter. It's important for us to demonstrate useful economical capabilities that will give traction in what is a very challenging budget environment. For example, we participated in a live demonstration for the U.S. Army of what is known as the Manned/Unmanned System Integration Capability System or MUSIC. MUSIC is a fully integrated ground control station managing a variety of manned and unmanned aircraft systems. AAI's universal ground control stations served as the centerpiece of the exercise, providing command and control of AAI Shadow Tactical Unmanned Aircraft Systems, as well as several other UAS brands.  Making UAS history, we seamlessly handed off control of each UAS from one ground control station to another, demonstrating for the first time, revolutionary improvements in battlefield communication and information sharing. We also demonstrated AAI's one system remote video terminal and a cockpit solution that enabled a number of manned helicopters, including Bell Helicopter's Kiowa Warrior, to view and retransmit UAS video and data while in flight. Despite DoD budget uncertainty, we remain focused on new program development, new DoD opportunities and multiple FMS prospects.  So if we move to our Finance segment. We continue to make good progress in liquidating our assets, as we reduced managed receivables by $277 million during the quarter. This brings managed receivables portfolio to $3.5 billion with the non-captive portion decreasing to $1.5 billion.  In the Industrial businesses, volumes were up in our automotive and professional tool businesses. However, demand continues to be a challenge in the golf and turf areas.  To wrap up the quarter. We continue to make progress liquidating our non-cap to Finance business. Systems top line is a little softer than we'd expected, primarily the result of uncertain DoD budgets, and we're actively working on a variety of new contract program opportunities. Bell's execution continues to be very favorable, and our commercial products are doing well in the marketplace. Our outlook for Industrial remains on track for the year. And at Cessna, I believe we're taking the right actions to improve execution and its showing up in both our operation and sales results. With that, I'll turn it over to Frank.
Frank T. Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $236 million, up $124 million from the third quarter of 2010.  Let's look at how each of the segments contributed to this improvement, starting with Cessna. At Cessna, revenues were up $236 million on a year-over-year basis due to higher jet deliveries. We posted an operating profit of $33 million on the higher volume, which compared to a $31 million operating loss last year. Our improvement in operating profit also reflected favorable mix and performance. At Bell, revenues were up $69 million due to higher aircraft deliveries. Segment profit increased $36 million, reflecting strong program performance. At Textron Systems, revenue of $462 million was essentially even with the year ago, reflecting flat volumes. Segment profit was essentially unchanged as well. Industrial revenues increased $55 million, primarily due to the impact of foreign exchange and higher volumes. Segment profit remained even with last year. Finance segment revenues were down $27 million, reflecting our ongoing liquidation activities. Our operating loss improvement of $27 million reflected lower loan loss provisions and lower operating expenses, partially offset by lower interest margin on the reduced portfolio of finance receivables. During the quarter, we unwound 3 leverage leases, creating a tax benefit, which was not reflected in our Finance segment results but was reflected in the lower tax rate during the quarter. In terms of credit performance during the quarter, nonaccrual finance receivables decreased from $696 million to $606 million, and 60-day-plus delinquencies decreased from $302 million to $275 million. Charge-offs in the third quarter were $26 million compared with $38 million in the second quarter of 2011. Moving to corporate items. Corporate expenses were $13 million, down from $35 million last year, primarily due to the impact of our lower share price had on compensation expense. Interest expense was $37 million, up $5 million from last year, primarily the result of lower interest income on the TFC intercompany loan.  On the cash flow front, we contributed $16 million into our pension plan during the quarter. We also reduced our TFC bank line by $100 million, ending the quarter with a remaining balance of $400 million, which we will repay later this week. With the repayment, we will permanently terminate the $1.75 billion TFC bank line. With our solid manufacturing cash flow and receivables liquidations, we reduced our consolidated net debt by another $500 million, ending the quarter at $3.9 billion. Let me conclude with some information concerning our tender offer for our 600 million in convertible notes. Including accrued interest, we paid $348 million to retire about 37 1/2% to the notes outstanding. This was financed from $500 million of new 5- and 10-year notes we issued at the end of September. As a result of the tender, the company will record a charge in the fourth quarter of about $0.08 per share. Dilution from the convert and its associated structure will be reduced by 37 1/2%, and we have updated the dilution worksheet on our website to reflect this change. All in, we expect the impact of the tender will reduce 2011 earnings by about $0.06 per share, which compares to our full tender estimate, which was $0.20 per share, a difference of $0.14. Therefore, rounding up, we now expect our full year EPS will be in the range of $1.05 to $1.15. We also continue to expect cash flow before pension contributions will be in the range of $800 million to $850 million.  That concludes our prepared remarks, and we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: First, we'll hear from the line of Peter Skibitski with SunTrust.
Peter J. Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: On the Citation delivery, you're about 16 or so through the first 3 quarters of this year, above last year. So you're saying, basically, that for the fourth quarter, you basically pulled some aircraft from the fourth quarter into the third quarter, so you're just kind of still on track, or just up by single digits, I suppose, year-over-year?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Peter, as we've been talking about, last year, I think the third quarter was very soft. And that was really a result of the fact that order intake was pretty slow in the second and third quarters, and so we consciously, this year, tried to work hard to sort of bring sales activities to conclusions and get a little more balance between the third and the fourth quarter. And so, I think that's what youve seen. So we had pretty strong deliveries, I think, in the third quarter. And we still think, based on that and then sort of the prospects and the level -- stuff in the order book, that we will still finish up slightly above where we are for the total year last year. But really, just with a more balanced third and fourth quarter than we had last year.
Peter J. Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Got it. And then last question just on Cessna, margins are, obviously, significantly improved, even just looking sequentially. And I'm wondering if you can parse for us kind of where the improvement is coming from, and if it's volume, if it's mix. I know Mustang was a little bit light this quarter or if its just more so -- just underlying performance improvements. Could you kind of parse that for us?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. I mean, it's a combination of all the above. So, obviously, volumes being stronger with good contribution margin products certainly helps. We did continue to have, as we have for most of the year, better mix in terms of the light to midsized versus the Mustangs in terms of unit deliveries. And we're continuing to see better execution, better performance, particularly cost activities around the CJ4 and things of that nature. So it's really been a combination of the volume and the mix. And I think we're continuing to execute better and drive cost productivity in some of the programs that were kind of putting a little bit of a squeeze on our margins.
Peter J. Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Right. Is CJ4 up to kind of the mean margin rate at -- in the Citation line at this point, or not quite there yet?
Scott Donnelly: Not quite there yet, but it's certainly on track to get there.
Operator: Next we'll hear from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Scott, you highlighted that Cessna orders are typically a little softer in the third quarter than the average for the year, but they are down noticeably sequentially. And we're getting pretty close to the end of the year with about 70% of a given year's  or of the current year's production in backlog. How can 2012 be flat to slightly up with that being the case?
Scott Donnelly: Well, no. I think, first of all, there's a couple of dynamics going on. There still continues to be some cancellations, and these are primarily out-year aircraft, right? So deliveries out in the '13, '14 time frame, some '12, really, very little '11. But this is just -- and people come do -- for some of those long-term orders, we are still seeing some cancellations. I actually feel pretty good about where we finished in terms of actual order intake over the third quarter. It's usually is kind of a slower period, but our order intake rate stayed pretty constant from where we are in the second quarter, despite the fact that it's usually a fairly quiet period. We feel like we have pretty good prospect lists. We have started taking orders, obviously, into 2012 in terms of aircraft that are available for sale in the early 2012 time frame. So I think, Noah, the bottom line is this is going to remain a bit of a spot market, right? I mean, we are taking orders and converting them into sales inside the span of a quarter or 2. And I think that trend is probably going to continue. If you looked at the introductions of things like the M2 and the Latitude, which are getting great reviews from customers, and they are generating some orders, but we're not back in the world where people lined up to place orders for aircraft that are 2, 3, 4 years away. It's still going to be a spot market for a while. So I know the book-to-bill number, because -- particularly, because some of the cancellation activity doesn't look as strong as you guys have liked in the quarter. But I feel actually, we did better in the order rate than I would have expected that we would have through the third quarter, given everything going on around the world and the economies. I think the team is working very, very hard to chase down opportunities and close deals, and we're seeing that happen.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So, I mean, whether you're looking at book-to-bill or not, there is less than one year of production in the backlog. So inherent in the company's comments that '12 will be flattish is an expectation that orders will pick up pretty meaningfully early or in the middle of 2012. At what time or at what backlog level or whatever it is would you need to change that tone or make the call to take rates lower?
Scott Donnelly: Well, it would all be based on what we see in terms of our prospect list and the order -- and the sort of the real-time order flow. No, we're really not building to a backlog, and we haven't really been for the last couple of years, right? I mean, most of the deliveries are results of order flows coming through the course of the year. So at this point, we're not changing our perspective on it being sort of flattish to slightly up from 2011, and that's based on what we see in terms of the prospect list. So it really -- that decision, in terms of where rates go one way or the other is much more of a -- sort of a dynamic call, as we work our way through month by month, working with the sales teams, looking at prospect lists, what's going on in the marketplace, is really what's driving that production rate. But like I said, right now, I'm actually feeling pretty good about it, considering all the stuff that's going on around the world that the third quarter order rates and prospect lists have stayed pretty solid.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one on Bell. Surprised to see only two 429 units in the quarter. You guys are clearly tracking below the full year target that you had put out for that product. Can you give us an update on demand there, the ramp execution and profitability on that program?
Scott Donnelly: The demand, I think, will still be there. There's a lot of stuff going on in the marketplace right now. There's a lot of proposals out. So I think that there's still a lot of great opportunity for that. We certainly will see a significant increase here in the fourth quarter in terms of 429 deliveries. And as you know, that at the point where that product is in its life cycle here is still early in production, does put some margin pressure on it. And that will be an issue for us in the fourth quarter, because we will see a significant uptick in the number of 429 deliveries.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Do you actually get close to the 55 to 60 that you've discussed before?
Scott Donnelly: No, I don't think it'll be that high, no. It's probably going to be more like in the 30-or-so area.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Cai Von Rumohr with Cowen and Company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So not to beat a dead horse, but on your orders, you mentioned cancellations. Were gross orders equal to deliveries?
Scott Donnelly: No, they were not.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then were there any kind of abnormal items, like were -- comment on the level of forfeiture gains or pretax losses. And was R&D up or down versus the second quarter? Any kind of other issues like that, that would account for this?
Scott Donnelly: R&D was up a little bit in the quarter, Cai. And the net difference between stuff like the forfeiture deposits and used aircraft write-downs and whatnot is really kind of down now in the mid-single digit number. So it's not -- it's becoming sort of not material.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Got it. When you say up, up versus the second quarter? Obviously up year-over-year but comparable to the second quarter?
Scott Donnelly: On the R&D front?
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes.
Scott Donnelly: Cai, I believe it was, but just modestly.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then, the degree of success, the 37 1/2% you've got on the tender offer, I think really was less than we expected. Any sense as to why it was not more successful? And what's your strategy going forward to kind of deal with that issue?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Cai, I mean, obviously, our intent in doing the tender was that we felt that given the equity levels and given the availability of what is still relatively low-cost term debt that it was the right move for the company to sort of trade out some of that what could be higher-cost convertible debt for normal term debt. And so that was the whole purpose, obviously, of doing the tender. There's no question that the expectations going into it that we were hopeful that we would get a number considerably larger than 37 1/2%. But in terms of why it didn't happen, I think the bottom line is a lot of investors out there said, "You know what, we like this instrument. We're getting a 4 1/2% coupon, and we've got an option on the stock." And where we are today versus expectations and where it could be in 2013 is sort of a bullish statement. So we'd like to remove that piece from our capital structure, but if you got an investor that thinks that's a good piece of paper, it's hard to get them to tender.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And the last one. You did particularly well margin-wise at Bell. Were there any EAC catch-ups or anything like that, that would be considered abnormal or was it just great performance?
Scott Donnelly: I think it was just great performance. I mean, there is some EAC in there, but nothing materially different than sort of a normal quarter flow of comparable quarters EAC. So these guys are just doing a very nice job at converting on the higher volumes, managing costs. And obviously, that's translating into positive numbers for the business. And frankly, on the military side, it's been positive for our customers, because they're sharing in that benefit.
Operator: Next we'll hear from the line of David Strauss with UBS.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Scott, I think youve spoken before about your expectations for the Cessna -- for Cessna book-to-bill to be above one before the end of the year. Is that still the case? You expect the book-to-bill to be above one in the fourth quarter?
Scott Donnelly: David, I always dream of getting back to book-to-bill of greater than one. I don't know if the fourth quarter's going to be it or not. I would be kind of surprised. I mean, obviously, we're going to have -- we still think we're going to have pretty strong deliveries in the fourth quarter. And so I think what we see is enough order flow to continue to make that happen for the fourth quarter and the kind of order flow that we expect to need as we continue to roll and to support the 2012 delivery rates. But I don't think that number's going get up above a 1:1.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Looking at your updated earnings guidance, it looks like if I adjust for the charge on the convert, it looks like you're implying the fourth quarters somewhere between $0.28 and $0.38. Is my math right? And if so, what are the kind of puts and takes as to why the fourth quarter will be lower than the third quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Well, you're right. You've got $0.08 or so in there that's going to be a result of the charges on the conversion -- I'm sorry, on the convert tender. I think we're going to see some higher costs associated just down at the corporate expense level. We probably will have a little bit higher loss on the Finance business, as a result of a couple of deals that we think are going to close here in the quarter and some of the restructuring. So I think the manufacturing level, we'll probably see a little bit better performance in terms of [indiscernible] in the quarter, but that's going to be offset by sort of the Finance loss to convert tender and some higher corporate expense.
David E. Strauss - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Last question. Any initial thoughts on pension in 2012, both from an expense standpoint and then from a contribution standpoint?
Scott Donnelly: I'll let Frank take the pension.
Frank T. Connor: Yes. So no, we're still working through the numbers. Obviously, with interest rates where they are, there's the potential for a discount rate change versus where we had previously been, but we don't work through all those items until the fourth quarter. Obviously, our 10-K gives the sensitivities around some of those changes, which again, for a discount rate change would be $25 million for 50 basis point change. So we may see some headwinds associated with assumptions. We may see some favorability associated with some actuarial work we're doing around -- kind of continue to do around our workforce and kind of the assumptions that are made on that side of things. So we do think -- overall, we expect to see some level of headwind, but we've got a lot of work to do before we have any ability to provide you with better guidance on it.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Jason Gursky with Citi.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Two quick questions. What needs to happen in the fourth quarter at Cessna in order for you to get to the top end of your guidance range for the year? And then, the second question is if you could just walk us through the Industrial businesses and kind of talk about the outlooks for each of them for the fourth quarter and kind of what the trend line has been, particularly in automotive.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. So obviously, Cessna, for us to finish at the top end needs to come through and meet the guidance that we've been giving you guys, which is deliveries for the total year 2011, up slightly from what we had in 2010. In terms of execution, I think the team is pretty well positioned to make that happen. There are still some sales that have to close for that to happen. So it's not, by any stretch, a done deal, but I think the prospect lists and the work the sales teams are doing around the world are going to, if not get there entirely, get pretty close to it. So it's -- I think, achievable at this point, but there is still work to be done there.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I'm sorry, the question was a little bit more directed on the margin rate for Cessna for the year.
Scott Donnelly: On the margin rate?
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean, the margin rate is largely going to follow that volume coming through.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So it's volume is the most important part?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. I mean, we'll continue, as I said, to make the improvements in terms some of the cost positions and particularly in a couple of models like the CJ4, getting our profitability back up. But I think we're pretty well on track in that regard. So at this point, it's a matter of making sure we convert on a number of aircraft deliveries.
Jason M. Gursky - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then on the Industrial side?
Scott Donnelly: On the Industrial side, I would say that particularly around the automotive business, the volumes continue to grow. Frankly, the margin rate in the auto side was probably a little lighter than I would like to see it. And that's primarily driven by -- the good news is there's a number of new platforms that were launched in the quarter, which gives us good volume going forward. There's also been a number of OEM moves around the world, where we also then have to move some of our capacity around the world to be there with them. And it wasn't a disaster, but there were a couple of operational misses in there that resulted in some of the volume coming through without the margin rates that we're accustomed to seeing in that business. Those are short-term issues, so I think as we get those production lines stabilized and those new platforms stabilized that we'll see the margin rates come with it. So at least, at this point, I think if you look at what the CSM data's telling you and the industry is that they're expecting at the OEM level, continued growth. I think we're very well positioned on a number of those new platforms. And so we will see that growth come through and come through with the kind of margins that we expect to see going forward. So bottom line, a little bit of softness in the quarter, but that was really just getting the execution on a couple of new ramp-ups going, and I think we'll be all right long term.
Operator: Next Robert Stallard from Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Scott, you mentioned about the general level of uncertainty that's out there in the broader economic world at the moment. I was wondering if you could maybe talk about how this had impacted your activity, maybe over this quarter. You mentioned how Cessna orders have held up pretty well. But has this had any impact on your ability to convert maybe at TFC? Are you seeing order rates in Industrial slowing down? Or if youve got any other broader comments, that would be helpful.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think, environmentally, we haven't really seen any deviation from what we expected to see, let's say, at TFC. So the liquidations continue to be of the magnitude that we expected. I would say that across our portfolio, whether it's TFC or the Industrial businesses, the golf markets around the world continue to be pretty soft, particularly the U.S. And so, we are continuing to see liquidation for instance in the golf portfolio, but not big numbers. And we continue to see a softness in the golf-related industrial products. So that's one industry that I would say, environmentally, is still pretty challenged. If you looked at Cessna, as I said, I think if you look at the amount of uncertainty around the economy today versus where we were a year ago, a year ago, when you had these kinds of issues, particular with respect to sovereign debt, it really had a major impact on what was going on with our customers and the order flow. This year, it has not had a significant impact. So we continue to see order flow despite a lot of those uncertainties. Western Europe would certainly be the one that has been the most challenged, I think, in terms of order activity. But the U.S., actually, has been kind of continuing at its pace. The Latin Americas and the Asia regions also seem to have a fairly strong level of customer activity that's going on. So I'd say, environmentally, the only real challenge I see across the portfolio is really in the golf and turf area. Most of it, other than that, has continued to flow. The Tool business, actually, is doing fairly well. As I said, the automotive business continues to be fairly strong. And most pieces of the portfolio don't seem to have been hit too hard. Obviously, in the defense side, from an environment standpoint, there's a lot of budget uncertainty out there. There's a lot of programs that are being delayed. The amount of time it takes to evaluate a contract  to issue a contract. We see a lot of slowdown in that area, and that's why you see sort of the flat top line in the systems business. And I would say, at this point in time, given all the uncertainties in Washington around the DoD budgets that we'll see that continue to be an issue here for some time.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And a couple of quick follow-ups on that. You mentioned that there's differences within the order flow at Cessna by region. I was just wondering where your overseas orders maybe ended the quarter. Because I know it's been over 50% at some point. So I wonder if that's still the trend. And then on the defense side as well, what sort of level of delay are we seeing in orders being awarded? Is it like 2 to 3 months more than you normally expect?
Scott Donnelly: I think a lot of -- on the defense side, you really have to think almost in terms of quarter. So programs that we would have thought at the beginning of the year would be awarded in the third or fourth quarter this year are now out in the first and second quarter of next year.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So regional splits, sorry?
Scott Donnelly: The regional splits, orders are very lumpy. But I mean, if we talked about deliveries, I mean, we're, obviously, particular with Europe in a little bit different place from where we were before, but it's really been more like a 70%-30% in terms of domestic versus international. And that can wander back maybe closer to 60-40 kind of range, but it's -- I think it's going to be in that range for a little while.
Operator: Next we'll go to the line of Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeffrey T. Sprague: Id just like to dig into Bell a little bit more. The margins really do look extraordinary. And I guess if there is nothing unusual going on there, Id just like to kind of understand better the components of the strength and how should we think about it going forward. You seem to imply in your Q4 remarks that overall manufacturing not dissimilar to Q3. I don't know if that applies to Bell specifically. But can you give us some sense how you get to 16%? We've got a couple of quarters in a row where Bell margins have been better, and the talk has been maybe they can't stay this high, and they seem to kind of keep going up.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think we had pretty favorable mix in the third quarter. Obviously, the military stuff continues to go along. We had some good commercial deliveries. As I think you know, Jeff, there's a fair bit of variation in each of these model types in terms of profitability. The aftermarket, obviously, is good, profitable part of the business. So I think if you look from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, the knot [ph] will be up, at Bell but also, obviously, on higher revenues. And I would say that I think the team's performance continues to be strong across all the platforms, but we will have more 429s. And that does put some pressure on the margins, but there's nothing unusual going on. I think the team is just doing an excellent job of executing on the increased volumes. And I think that is a trend that will continue.
Jeffrey T. Sprague: Can you give us a sense then, just on a normalized basis, if you look out at your V-22 and your H-1 ramp, and youve got kind of a view on commercial, kind of a range of what you would say is the normalized margin of Bell?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I don't think we'll talk about that just yet, Jeff. I mean, we'll, obviously, give you guys 2012 guidance and try to put some balance around that at that time, but we'll give you that in January.
Jeffrey T. Sprague: And then, I guess -- I mean, Frank, you were asked on the pension question, and I understand youll snap a line on 12/31. But do you have a sense just kind of where things stand today, kind of at least put us in the ballpark of what we might expect next year?
Frank T. Connor: Jeff, as I said, there's so many moving pieces to it. Obviously, the markets have been bouncing all over the place in terms of asset returns. We are doing the work, as I said, on the actuarial side, which we do on a regular basis, but we've got kind of an experienced set now in a more stabilized workforce environment that we are looking at. And so there's probably kind of a bit more of a positive impact there than when we've looked at this previously. And we just don't know kind of what those assumptions on discount rate and return might look like. I mean, you'll recall, as we sat here this time last year, we had a very low interest rate environment, and therefore, there was all kinds of concerns about what those assumptions were going to be. And then, at the year end, it was quite different. So obviously, we're in an environment where we expect rates to stay low and, therefore, some discount rate pressure reflected on the expenses, but there'll probably -- there'll be some offset to that. So there are numbers out there that you guys have around headwind that seem as kind of as reasonable a range as I could give you right now, kind of to think about, because there's just too many moving pieces to it.
Operator: Next we'll hear from the line of George Shapiro with Access 3:42.
George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC: I just wanted to pursue Cessna a little bit more. I mean, on a sequential basis, the incremental margins were closer to 50%. And the question I've got is how much of that was really due to what's clearly a favorable mix versus how much Scott Ernest is able to implement already?
Scott Donnelly: Let's just run our numbers, George. I think it was marked in the mid-20s in terms of the sequentials, which is kind of what we would expect with the mix of aircraft, particularly with a stronger mix of the light mids versus the Mustangs. So as I said earlier, I think the -- that kind of leverage, given that kind of mix on the volume is appropriate. We have had some models where we've been at a lower level of profitably than we would like to do. And I think Scott and the whole team out there are continuing to be very, very focused at getting those models in-line, and we've seen progress steadily as we've gone through the year. So I think that the team is doing a nice job. I think they'll continue to do that, and they have, obviously, challenges in front of them to make that -- to drive that cost as we continue into the fourth quarter and obviously for 2012. And I think, just as importantly, the real drive and focus around the rhythm of sales, and putting more feet on the street and being a lot more aggressive about getting out there and capturing business. I mean, we're certainly seeing the benefits of that. But I think, the bottom line, George, is that leverage from sequential quarter-to-quarter is probably more in the mid-20s.
George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC: All right. I'll check my numbers then. I thought it was that way year-over-year but more sequentially.
Frank T. Connor: Year-over-year it will be much larger, George, but sequentially, it was the low-20s.
Scott Donnelly: Yes. That's probably right, George. Probably have it the other way. The year-over-year where you had a lot of issues on...
Frank T. Connor: We went from a loss to making money so it's really kind of...
George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC: I may have said it backwards.
Scott Donnelly: Yes. So the year-over-year is a little distorted just because of the nature of where we were and losing money, but the sequentials, you should see to be in the mid-20s.
George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC: Okay. And then just, Scott, sequentially, orders were actually down from the second quarter. I mean, was that kind of expected given the normally weak July and August? Or was that something that was -- because I was expecting it to be sequentially a little bit better.
Scott Donnelly: Well, yes, I think that the order rate was actually fairly strong and pretty consistent with where we were in the second quarter, but we did have some out-year cancellations that influenced the backlog number, which is probably what's skewing the number for you, George.
George D. Shapiro - Access 3:42, LLC: Okay. Okay. So if I took out the cancellations, it would have been closer to what you saw on a gross basis in the second quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Yes.
Operator: Next we'll go to Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: First, I want to follow up on George's question about the mid-20s incremental margins you saw in 3Q. Given the volume you expect to see into 4Q, any reason to think those incremental margins won't stay there? Any puts and takes on mix or R&D?
Scott Donnelly: Well, let's just say, we still have work to do.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. I mean, is there any mix or R&D issues? Or is it more this quarter, you had kind of great operating results, and you don't want to count on them until you see them persistently?
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think we had very strong operating results. I think we have a lot of work to do to keep that going. We have a little bit of mix going on. As I say, I don't want to necessarily get into guiding quarter by quarter on margin rates here, but to try to sustain that level of leverage, we still have some work to do in the fourth quarter.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then, Frank, I guess, a clarification on the pension side, I just wanted to understand your comment about demographics and the plan. Are you actually looking to maybe shift the amortization of gains and losses over the remaining life of the employees versus the service life? I mean, are we at that level of change to the assumptions, similar to what Goodrich or Rockwell Collins did last year?
Frank T. Connor: No, what I was referring to is kind of has nothing to do with the accounting treatment of it. It has to do with just continuing to look at the profile of our employees in terms of when they're retiring, kind of the amount of attrition we have at various stage groups and continuing to update kind of how that experience set impacts all of the actuarial assumptions that go into all the pension calculations.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's helpful. And then on Bell, lastly, back to the questions about outperforming your own expectations on a pretty consistent basis. When is the next repricing that you'd have to worry about? Is it not until the multiyear expiration in '13, '14 that would be a kind of material repricing event? Or is there anything near-term that could put downward pressure on some of your more established programs?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean, there's a sharing that goes on in the existing V-22 contract, and so that will always put some downward pressure on it, because there's a share line. And then of course, on things like the H-1, there's an annual negotiation around that pricing.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I guess I'm not going to get more out of the long-term expectations for Bell margins then.
Scott Donnelly: Not at this time.
Operator: Next we'll go to the line of Julian Mitchell with Crdit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just had a question really on the Bell commercial orders outlook, someone like Eurocopter as recently as September was saying the U.S., for them, in terms of the commercial order sort of tempo in customer conversations was trending sort of pretty well. I just wondered what your thoughts were on the commercial orders outlook in Bell.
Scott Donnelly: I feel pretty great about where Bell commercial is right now. I think our order intake rate has been good. We've been seeing wins from customers that we haven't done a lot of business with in many years. So I think, as you know, we really started almost 2 years ago, really trying to reestablish ourselves and put a lot of additional resource and focus into the commercial side of Bell Helicopter and that sales force, and we feel great about where that's going.
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then on the Industrial business, you've seen a number of sort of the automotive OEMs, the production outlook seems to be deteriorating, particularly in Europe. You said, obviously, near term, youve got a boost from new platforms. Youve also been doing some reorganization globally. I just wondered if there was any effort in the auto piece of Industrial to do some kind of more fundamental cost takeout just on the assumption that production volumes may deteriorate even though, obviously, you get some tailwind from platforms being launched.
Scott Donnelly: Well, we certainly look, as we go through our annual operating plans, we look at every platform we're on. We understand from the OEMs' perspective what those lines are going to look like. And obviously, we understand what can happen if you have a general slowdown in one region or more than one region for that matter in the automotive sector. So our ability to take out cost and size those operations appropriately for even what would be a significant downturn in volume is something that we're all too familiar with. So in the event that, that really plays out, we certainly have the playbook, if you will, on how to address that. But right now, at least the feedback we're getting from the OEMs on all of our platforms is still indicating that there'll be pretty stable steady growth. But absolutely, if that changes, we know what we need to do to take cost out of that business and continue to operate through a down cycle.
Frank T. Connor: And Julian, as a point of history, for this past year, I think that we've been hearing a concern about slower volumes through the year, and that just has not materialized. Every quarter, the total outlook for the year has pretty much remained consistent with our original outlook for our business.
Julian Mitchell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Sure. So the sort of the migration of capacity that you mentioned earlier, that's more to do with as you say, just lining up better with the OEM customers. It's not to do with some kind of general volume slowdown concern.
Scott Donnelly: No, that's right. I mean, particularly, Julian, I mean, you see more growth in China. I mean that's becoming a -- obviously, it already is the biggest automotive market in the world. And as you see more and more of our customers increasing their capacity and production rates, we go there with them, right? I mean, we need to locate and have our production capabilities, more or less, adjacent to them. So we continue to see that trend. But we're seeing really relatively stable volumes, even in a lot of our Western European operations. So it's something that everybody worries about. And if you read the headlines, youd think, Geez, automotive is going to collapse, and obviously, we watch it very, very closely, but it has not happened this year. It's been staying on track.
Operator: Next we'll hear from the line of Carter Copeland with Barclays.
Mayur Manmohansingh - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This is Mayur, in for Carter. I just had a question on systems. Scott, I wonder if you can talk a little bit about the potential risk that you see to systems next year as part of the whole budgetary debate?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think as I said earlier, I believe we're going to continue to see a slow pace of new programs and contract awards. It's not that nothing's happening. I mean, they did just come out with the -- and awarded the ASB reset program, which we won. There are quite a number of programs that we have proposals in. And it's just the pace at which new program requirements come out, the speed at which RFPs are ultimately released and evaluations are done, I think there's just a general slowdown. And as I said earlier, I don't think that's going to change as we go through 2012 with all the uncertainties around their budgets. So as we look at most of our programs and significant contract opportunities, we think it won't be unusual to see those things slide to the right, 3 to 6 months. It's not that new programs aren't going to happen or that contract awards aren't going to happen, but the guys in the building that do all this sorts of work are really sort of overloaded at this point with all of these different budgetary exercises and the amount of time they're having to spend modeling and thinking about what different configurations or what program opportunities, timing, there's a lot of different sort of churn, if you will, within the building that these guys are having to do to respond and react to all the different potential budget outcomes. And that's, frankly, a lot of work. It's on top of what they would normally be doing. And so I think that's resulting in a general delay of a lot of programs. So I think, obviously, we don't want to get into 2012 guidance at this point, but that is going to pressure the top line at the systems business. And I think it, obviously, is having an impact on what our expectations would have been this year to where we're down below a couple billion of revenue, and I think it's going to continue to pressure that top line in 2012.
Mayur Manmohansingh - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And just as a quick follow-up. On the -- you have a $0.10 variance in the Q4 estimate. I wonder if you can just clarify what is behind that variance? What are the main drivers?
Frank T. Connor: I'm not sure what you mean by variance.
Scott Donnelly: It's the $1.05 to $1.15. Are you talking about the spread? I think the bulk of it is really going to be -- where do we end up on Cessna deliveries, will drive the bulk of that swing. As I say, we still do have some aircraft to sell, and there's work going on to make that happen. But there's still some variability in terms of, obviously, in the business jet market today, what that total number of deliveries will be. So in my mind, and when I look at sort of what's the variable in the quarter, that's probably the most significant. That is the most significant.
Frank T. Connor: And I think it all ties around the macroeconomic environment. I mean, with the volatility that we've been dealing with, you just really be unwise not to have that kind of a view on potential outcomes.
Operator: Next we'll hear from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Drew Pierson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Drew, in for Steve this morning. I just wanted to follow up on the 4Q guidance. I mean, the EPS range on a headline basis is basically unchanged, except for the adjustment to the below-the-line items. But at the segment level, just to understand what is changed versus the last quarter. It feels like Cessna and Industrial are probably about the same, Bell a little bit better, Systems may be a little bit weaker. Is that the kind of the right way to think about it? And then walk us through kind of what's changed in the outlook.
Scott Donnelly: Well, as you know, Drew, we don't really do quarter-to-quarter kind of guidance per se. But the numbers, the way I would see the quarter playing out is I think we'll see a little bit stronger outperformance out of the Manufacturing businesses, particularly Bell and Cessna. But when you do a quarter-over-quarter comparison, you're going to see the pressures of the cost of the convert flowing through there. I think you'll see some higher corporate expense. You'll see a little bit higher loss quarter-over-quarter in the Financial Service business. And that's really where you end up on the quarter.
Drew Pierson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Sure. But I mean your Manufacturing free cash guide hasn't changed. So fundamentally, there hasn't been a change, looking at the way you look at the year now versus at the end of the last quarter?
Frank T. Connor: That's right.
Scott Donnelly: No, there really hasn't been. I mean, as I said, we're still believe  granted towards the top of the range, but that we'll see the number of Cessna deliveries we expected, and we'll see the number of Bell deliveries that we expected. So there, really -- from an operational perspective, we don't really see a change in terms of what our expectations were for the fourth quarter.
Drew Pierson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Perfect. And then just lastly, did you guys give a cash conversion number at TFC?
Scott Donnelly: It was about 80% in the quarter.
Operator: In a moment, we'll hear from the line of Noah Poponak. [Operator Instructions] Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of clarifications. If I understood your comments correctly, it's dynamic and a moving target, and you're not giving '12 guidance. But with what you see now, you would expect the Industrial top line more likely to be up in '12 versus '11, despite Europe auto production probably being down, and the Systems top line in '12 with what you see now a good chance of being down in '12 versus '11. Is that a correct interpretation?
Scott Donnelly: With you, I don't even need to give guidance. Perfect.
Douglas R. Wilburne: All right, ladies and gentlemen, I believe we have no more calls in queue. Thank you for joining us today, and we'll see you in January.
Operator: Thank you very much. And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference today. We appreciate your participation, as well as your using AT&T Executive Teleconference. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-20 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations Scott Donnelly - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Management Committee Frank Connor - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC George Shapiro - Citi Stephen Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Ronald Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup Jason Gursky - Citigroup Inc Julian Mitchell Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank AG David Strauss - UBS Investment Bank Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Textron Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Doug Wilburne, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Douglas Wilburne: Thank you, Ruth, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention, we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Moving now to first quarter results, which appear on Slide 3 of the presentation. Revenues in the quarter were $2.7 billion, up 0.7% from a year ago, which yielded earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.29 compared to income of $0.27 in the second quarter of 2010. Last year's results included $0.02 in special charges. Second quarter manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions was $171 million compared to $186 million during last year's second quarter.  And with that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Doug. Good morning, everybody. I'll start by saying results in the second quarter improved over first quarter, including a return to operating profitability of Cessna, primarily reflecting an increase in aircraft deliveries and aftermarket volumes.  As you know, at the end of May, we hired Scott Ernest, as the new CEO at Cessna. And we're excited to have Scott on board. His strong leadership, his deep industry experience and focus on talent development should have a meaningful impact on growth and performance success going forward. He's already implemented a regular integrated operations review cadence focused on improving the accountability and cross-functional coordination in the business.  On the market front, we saw an increase in gross orders from both the first quarter and last year's second quarter. Availability of used Citations also continue to improve, dropping to 13.7% of the installed fleet from 14% in the last quarter, and a high in the cycle of 17.3%. Aircraft usage was also up in the quarter with average daily utilization reaching 0.71 hours compared 0.68 last quarter and a year ago. The higher usage also helped drive an increase in our aftermarket revenues in the quarter. Based on overall customer activity and the availability of U.S. bonds depreciation tax treatment for orders placed by the end of the year, we're still planning for full year jet deliveries to be slightly higher than last year. Moving to Bell. Performance was particularly strong with second quarter margins of 13.8%, reflecting solid execution especially on our military program ramp-ups. We delivered 9 V-22s and H-1s versus 8 V-22s and 3 H-1s in the second quarter of 2010.  Looking into the future, we've begun a number of preliminary discussions with potential foreign military customers for these 2 aircraft, and we continue to discuss the next multiyear contract with our U.S. DoD customer. Our OH-58 Kiowa Warrior upgrade program is also progressing as we delivered the first A2D replacement cabin to the army. This is the first of 19 cabin conversions under contract. And we're currently working with the army on potential new cabins to replace those units in the fleet that have incurred wartime damage. The Kiowa Warrior platform is important to the Army, and we're making investments to modernize the design to meet the army's future requirements.  In fact, last month, our OH-58 Block II prototype demonstrators successfully proved hover out of ground effect at maximum gross weight of 5,500 pounds and an altitude of 6,000 feet in a 95 degree environment, a critical milestone for this project. On the commercial side of the business, we delivered 22 commercial helicopters in the quarter, up from 21 a year ago. And we're working a significant number of active prospects around the world. Customers' interest was decidedly better at this year's Paris Air Show as we signed contracts for 18 aircraft. We also displayed our new 407GX and 407 AH models at the show. This marked the beginning of an international tour for the GX and the AH, highlighting their capabilities to customers in Europe and the Middle East. These helicopters are receiving positive feedback and interest from customers worldwide. On the aftermarket front, Bell continues to expand its service footprint. Last month, we broke ground on a new joint Bell Cessna service facility in Singapore, which will support our growing base in Asia. Expanding our service footprint enables us to continue to provide top-ranked service capabilities to our customers wherever they fly around the world. Overall, our commercial helicopter outlook is promising as we leverage our market-leading customer support with our renewed commitment to new product development.  The Textron Systems revenues were down in the quarter primarily reflecting lower UAS deliveries and lower mission support volume. Much of the lower UAS revenue was really the timing of programs throughout the year, and we continue to expect full year systems revenues in nearly $2 billion.  On the ASV front, we were awarded an undefinitized contract for 440 units from the Afghan National Army. The base contract calls for 240 ASVs. The program also includes options for another 200 vehicles, as well as options for training and logistics support through 2014. In total, the contract and options are worth $525 million. Moving to our Finance segment. We reduced our operating loss to $33 million in the quarter, an improvement of $38 million from a year ago. We liquidated $317 million of financial receivables during the quarter, reducing our total portfolio to $3.8 billion, with non-captive portion decreasing to $1.7 billion. Obviously, the pace of liquidation is slowing a bit as our remaining non-captive portfolio becomes smaller and the mix of assets have longer variations. Going forward, we will continue to actively liquidate the portfolio as quickly as possible balancing economics and risk mitigation. Moving to Industrial. Revenues were up slightly, but volumes were approximately flat as we saw a modest automotive impact during the quarter due to events in Japan. The higher revenues were primarily due to the impact of foreign exchange, and operating performance was solid on a flat volume margins of 7.6%. To wrap up the quarter, we continued to make progress with downsizing our Finance business. We posted solid results in Industrial and systems. Bell's execution on the ramp up of V-22 and H-1 continues to be very favorable. And at Cessna, I believe we're taking the right actions to position this business for the future. Across all of our businesses, we continue to invest aggressively in new products and services. And as we look to the rest of the year, we expect commercial aircraft deliveries to be up significantly in the second half, similar to last year. As a result, we continue to expect slightly higher full year deliveries versus 2010.  Overall, we are on track for a full year EPS outlook of $1 to $1.15 and cash flow before pension contributions of between $800 million and $850 million.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $196 million, up $35 million from the second quarter of 2010.  Let's look at how each of the segments contributed to this improvement starting with Cessna. At Cessna, revenues were up $17 million on a year-over-year basis, primarily due to growth in our aftermarket business. Jet deliveries of 38 units were down from 43 in last year's second quarter. We posted an operating profit of $5 million which compared to $3 million last year. The improvement reflected profit on higher aftermarket sales, partially offset by higher engineering and development costs. At Bell, revenues were up $49 million on higher deliveries. Segment profit increased $12 million reflecting improved performance on the higher volume. At Textron Systems, revenue was down $82 million reflecting the lower UAS and mission support volume in the quarter. Segment profit was down $21 million on the lower revenues. At Industrial, revenues were up $58 million, primarily due to the favorable impact of foreign exchange as volumes were essentially flat, as Scott mentioned. We generated an increase in segment profit of $4 million on the higher revenues. Finance segment revenues were down $23 million, reflecting our ongoing liquidation activities. Our operating loss improvement of $38 million reflected lower loan loss provisions and lower operating expenses, partially offset by lower interest margin on the reduced portfolio of finance receivables. Looking at Slide 5, non-accrual finance receivables decreased from $836 million to $696 million, and 60-day-plus delinquencies decreased to $302 million from $418 million. Charge-offs in the second quarter were $38 million compared with $16 million in the first quarter of 2011. Moving below the segment level. Corporate expenses were $23 million, up from $17 million last year primarily due to the impact of our share price add on compensation expense. Interest expense was $38 million, up $4 million from last year, primarily the result of lower interest income from the TFC intercompany loan.  With respect to taxes, our tax rate of 31.9% is up from last year's rate of 18.2%, primarily because last year's second quarter benefited from a number of discrete foreign tax items. On the cash flow front, we contributed $189 million into our pension plan during the quarter. We also reduced our TFC bank line by $690 million, ending the quarter with a remaining balance of $500 million. With our solid manufacturing cash flow and receivables liquidations, we reduced our consolidated net debt by another $288 million, ending the quarter at $4.4 billion of total debt, which you can see on Slide 6. That concludes our prepared remarks, and we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Peter Skibitski with SunTrust.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: So I want to ask about Citation deliveries being down in the quarter year-over-year. Would you say the market is weaker now than it was last year? Or do you think it's just a timing issue? Or would there be some other reason they'd be down?
Scott Donnelly: No, I think the market, Pete, is modestly recovering. I think our gross orders being improved both year-over-year and over the first quarter are good indications that it continues to improve. We use the word stable. It's not rocketing back, I mean, certainly, the level of customer interest and number of orders we're able to book is improved over both those periods. And it feels like that will continue. So in terms of actual numbers, I mean, we're always going to -- I mean, as you know, our guidance for the year is to be slightly up. So we're going to see a little bit of above and beyond on a quarter-to-quarter basis here. But I don't think there's anything that is particularly concerning in that respect. I think, that's mostly just timing. There has been a little bit of positive mix towards the larger aircraft than the smaller aircraft, which is helpful to us particularly from a margin perspective. So I would say that the market is continuing to behave about as we expected it for this year, and with, generally speaking, modest improvement.
Frank Connor: I'd just point out in a detail. If you look at it, the Mustang is what really drove the decrease. In the larger cabin size in our markets, it's certainly stronger on a delivery basis as well.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got you. What's your guys' sense of when cancellations will have trough? You're obviously still at getting some. And I'm just wondering if we're at the bottom in that regard or what your perspective is on that.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I guess my perspective is that it is bottoming this year. Right? I mean, I would expect we will still see some trickle of cancellations through the balance of this year. And I think that's probably just about it. Most of the range of a lot of the long-term order books that were out there are pretty well drawn at this point.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Understood. If I can sneak in one last one. Can you make some comments about CJ4 profitability? You delivered the same this quarter as Q1. Was the loss on those planes the same? Or have you been able to improve profitability on CJ4 already? I mean, any comments there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, CJ4 was modestly improved from last quarter. We're coming down the learning curve in terms of our labor. And so, I think we're continuing to make progress there. We have been working, as we mentioned before, with a number of our suppliers. These are not things that turn overnight, but I would say that we have come to terms with a number of suppliers in terms of trying to get the cost in line. And that input stream, if you will, from those suppliers at a lower cost will sort of feather in over the balance of the year.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Would you be willing to say when you think it could turn positive?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean, I think we are positive in terms of what we generate in terms of the contribution margin rate, but we'll see the number continue to improve through the course of the year.
Operator: Next we go to the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I'm going to try the Cessna demand question a different way. Last year early in the year, you guys made some encouraging comments. And then, we had European sovereign debt and a 15% pullback in the equity market, and everything shut off. We've all kind of been sitting at our desks getting a slew of less positive macro data. It sounds like your tone though is not really changing, and that you haven't felt the impact of that. You're still seeing things get better. Is that the case? And maybe, if you could even talk to kind of quarter-to-date very recent activity, just so we can get a sense of whether or not things are changing because it's very dynamic.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean it is dynamic, Noah. And I wouldn't disagree with you. I mean, I think if you looked at how we felt last year through about the first 5 months of the year, we're similar, right? It was modest improvement over 2009, and you're absolutely right. I mean, from sort of June through the September, October time frame, the market just absolutely stopped. And I think that was reflected in what our deliveries looked like in the third quarter last year. It was very, very tough to get any kind of a momentum in the marketplace. I would say, where we sit this year -- the reason I say, look, it's modestly improved, right? It's not taking off. But I certainly have not seen any indications in the market in terms of customer discussions and level of activity that would indicate that things are going to be like they were last year in sort of the June to September time frame, the customer activity, the rate of order. Booking is maintaining positive momentum at this point. I mean, if something as dramatic as what happened at the macroeconomic level that happened last year, of course, the industry would be affected by that. But I don't think it's reached that point.
Frank Connor: And in terms of what's happening so far in the quarter, Noah, as we prepare for this call, we obviously make sure that whatever comments we're going to make are as up-to-date as possible. So when we say that we continue to see deliveries up slightly from last year, that's based on the sentiment as it exists now.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay, great. And then, on the margins there, obviously, that's dynamic as well with the changes you've made in the business. We made a little money in the second quarter. Can you maybe just help us with the progression there in the back half?
Frank Connor: Well, Noah, what we had indicated for guidance was 1% to 3% margins. For Cessna, we said on the last call, we thought we'd be probably leaning towards the lower end of that range. And I think that, that's kind of still where we are, the lower half of that range. And kind of the progression will obviously depend on the delivery volume ramp that we expect to see. But that's how the full year maps up.
Operator: Next we go to the line of Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research, Pennsylvania (sic) [ Partners ].
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Vertical Research Partners. Scott, just one more question on Cessna, and I'll switch gears to something else. Given what you just said about kind of the tone of things, do you expect your back half to be a little more level loaded then, and not have such a crush and Q4 to get to the number?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, I do. I mean, I think there's 2 things at play, Jeff. One is we've been trying as hard as we can to try to -- to the extent we can, move people that would rather be fourth quarter than third quarter just because operationally, it puts an awful lot of pressure on the operation to try to deliver everything at the end of Q4. And of course, the other dynamic is I don't think we're going to have this dearth of orders and activity that we saw last year in sort of the late spring to beginning of summer, which also obviously impacted the softness of last year's Q3. So I won't tell you that I don't think it's still going to be Q4 will be the more heavily loaded. But that's very -- that's typical of the business anyway. But I do not think that Q3 will be as light as it was last year.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: And I guess the second part to the same question, I mean, the backlog, obviously, going into the back half is a lot lower than it was going into the back half of last year. Is most of what you're expecting in the back half kind of in sight in the backlog? Or how much backfilling is there to be done?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I would say, it's either in the backlog or it's largely in customers that we have line of sight to the aircraft deliveries.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: I just want to switch gears to Bell margins. Certainly, you've kind of continued to beat my expectations there. Can you just give us a little bit granularity on kind of -- even if it's directionally, not specifically, but kind of the margins on military programs and maybe the effect of aftermarket on what we're seeing in margins and where we should expect them to kind of -- what kind of trajectory we should expect from here?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think clearly, our margin rates on the military programs have been improving. And there's a real mix in there, Jeff, of programs that have had solid margins for some time. And there are a couple of programs in there that frankly have had in some sorts negative margin, certainly very dilutive margins. And those programs, as they improve, and get back to where they should be, we reduce the amount of that dilution from a couple of those programs. Our aftermarket business obviously is still very strong and a very profitable business. And so, when you look at all this stuff, as we made improvements from a couple of these programs that have had real challenges in the past in terms of the margin rate and get them to sort of more healthy what you would expect to be good margin rates up in that sort of, in the military, 9% or 10% or so kind of numbers, you will lose the drag of that dilution. And you get a lot more of -- obviously, an overall stronger margin rate in the business. And I think that's what we're seeing. Now as we go forward, through the balance of the year, I think we're going to see fairly level in terms of our military deliveries. But we're going to see a significant increase in commercial deliveries through the back half of the year. And again, those, generally speaking, tend to be dilutive to that 13% kind of margin rate in new equipment. But that's more as the commercial market works, right? We got reasonable margins on most of those products, but they feed that aftermarket, which has strong margins. So I think that's the pressure point we're going to see. We'll a lot of 429 deliveries, a lot more the light 407, 206-type deliveries in the second half. And that's great. That builds our backlog. They're good products. They're decent margins, but they're not 13%, 14% kind of margin products.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Cai Von Rumohr with Cowen & Company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: If I could shift back to Cessna, a couple of questions. Could you give us some color please, Scott, in terms of what you're seeing in pricing, the mix between U.S. and foreign demand? And lastly, what should we expect Scott Ernest to be doing differently at Cessna?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I guess, Cai, I would say let's first talk about the pricing side of things. So pricing in the used market, I would say, was fairly stable. There's a couple of models that moved down again. But generally speaking, most of the models, particularly most of the newer models, we've seen stabilization, even some increases in pricing, and I guess I'd also comment, much better volume. I mean, there's a lot more activity in the used market. So I think that has gone through the trough and is starting to improve. On the new aircraft front, pricing is still difficult. I mean, every deal is a very competitive deal but we're hanging in there. I don't think it's degrading a lot, but we saw a little bit of positive pricing through the earlier part of the year. But it's going to be tough pricing I think still for a while as the market is recovering. If I looked at the market in terms of where it's coming from, the orders and then talk to deliveries, I guess probably is the better way to look at it through the first half is about 65-35 domestic versus international. So I think this is going to fluctuate a little bit obviously over time. But it's -- I think long-term, it's still going to hang around the 50-50 mark over a period of time. In terms of my expectations for Scott and what Scott's doing is -- look, Scott is a pretty hands-on guy. He loves the business. He's a guy that's intending to obviously spend virtually all of his time right now, in Wichita, very inside focused on how do we look and measure and build a cadence around manufacturing, around sales, around service, day in day out kind of operations. He's very much digging into that. We've been looking at the organization and what we think we need to do. Organizationally, he's put some people into new jobs on his staff, particularly people focused around particular product lines like Citation jets, like our single-engine business, like our special mission business to drive more accountability, more sort of P&L responsibility, across these product lines, and that includes upstream marketing, so product development, product strategy and really having people that own those individual product segments as opposed to running the business all as sort of one chunk. And I think, that's something we've needed. I think it's a great opportunity for some people, and he has people coming into work every day that are very, very focused on those particular product segments. And of course, they continue to work through manufacturing and engineering on all the overall efficiencies and cost programs. So he's a pretty hands-on guy. He's a decisive guy. So I mean, you put issues on the table and the team will make the calls they need to make. And again, I think, he's great with identifying talent, putting the right people in the right jobs and giving them the right opportunities. And good things happen when that works.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: Terrific. And just one last one, shifting to TFC. You had very impressive improvement in nonperforming asset and 60-day delinquency ratios, sequentially. Could you give us a little bit more color what's happening there? What was the cash conversion in the quarter? And are the prospects to maybe unload some bigger pieces of this improved given the improvement you have in some of those metrics?
Scott Donnelly: So the cash conversion was around 80%, Cai. And that was -- we've been telling folks that we expect to see some quarters when that number comes down like that, at that number or even below that number. In this case, it was driven by one particular account we've had. It's been a problem account for some time, and it just went through a bankruptcy process so we took a charge-off, for which we were reserved. That also explains why the charge-off number was up a little bit in the quarter and of course, takes that out of accrual, out of nonaccrual. I think what you're going to see, going forward, Cai, and it was typical this quarter is that the portfolio, I would dare to say at this point, has sort of stabilized. Right? So the problem accounts, we've pretty well gone through and said, "Okay, look, these are the accounts that are nonaccrual. These are the accounts that are problem accounts. We're working our way through those." As we work our way through those, the good news is what we're not seeing is a lot of new accounts move into those categories. So I think that the performing parts of the portfolio have stabilized. So what you see now is things that are going to migrate their way through the nonaccrual accounts, through the charge-offs for which they're reserved and see that happen without a lot of new stuff backfilling and coming back into those nonaccrual accounts. So that's sort of what's going on. In terms of prospects for moving or selling significant parts of the assets, we did one earlier this year in the timeshare area. I think it's possible that we could do something in timeshare again. We believe there's a fair bit of capital liquidity that's come back into that market. A number people that are very interested in that asset class. To be honest with you, it's been a great asset class for us. It's just not something we want to do in the future, so we do see some interest on that side. On the golf side of things, we did sell a number of golf courses particularly in Canada to a company wanted to get in that space. But I'd say there's still not a lot of capital, not a lot of liquidity coming back into the golf side. So I think if I look at how the year would play off, there's no guarantee. And obviously, we won't do a deal unless we think it's a smart deal. But there's a probability we could do something on the timeshare side, but unlikely on the golf side is the way I would handicap it.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Heidi Wood with Morgan Stanley.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: I guess, I'll going to go back to Cessna. Cai touched on the CSC questions I had. The cash conversion ratio is still pretty good for full year, I'd say. Can you tell us a little bit about the inventories that picked up? How much of that is finished goods, and where do you stand on white tail?
Scott Donnelly: So the inventory buildup, Heidi, I guess don't really think of it so much as a white tail now or would say that I feel like we're going to have much in the way of white tails at the end of the year. But obviously, our ability to run the production lines is a lot more linear than our sales forecast. So there's no question that as we work through the first couple quarters, we've been building aircraft at a particular pace. But as I said, I think we have pretty good visibility through either through what is in the backlog or through the customer prospect list and the activity that we're working on that we have pretty good line of sight that those aircraft are -- that we are building the right amount of aircraft, and we're building the right type of aircraft to meet the forecast for the total year. But that does result in some inventory build during the course of year just because of this disconnect between a fairly linear manufacturing flow and a nonlinear sales flow, which we can't line that up. I mean, there's no way we could run the production facility to meet the third and fourth quarter delivery demand only by building those things to have them in time for third, fourth quarter orders.
Frank Connor: And that's true at Cessna and Bell.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And then, you talked about growth in aftermarket in the quarter. Can you tell us what's the run rate for aftermarket look like? Is it going to be in Cessna about $600 million, $700 million?
Frank Connor: That's about right, Heidi. The second half, we're expecting to be a little bit later than the first half just based on some timing. You usually think of the aftermarket as a lot parts and so forth. But there's also the aspects of refurb-ing planes. And we had a couple of fairly large programs in the first half that actually completed in the second quarter.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then finally, just to back out so we can get a sense as to what new aircraft performance is looking like. If we x out the aftermarket and if we were to normalize for the ramp in R&D, how much -- what would normalized margins look like year-over-year?
Scott Donnelly: First of all, these are normalized margins because this is how we're running the business. But R&D was --
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: If we backed out -- I mean, but if we backed out the pickup in R&D and just looked at pure new aircraft outside of parts and others, where would margins look like from there on a year-over-year basis?
Scott Donnelly: How about if we tackle it this way. R&D was up $14 million at Cessna in the quarter.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Julian Mitchell with Crdit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell: My question -- my first question was around the margins in Cessna. I guess your second half -- your full year guidance implies at the midpoint of the Cessna margin range for the full year around about 30% incremental margins, I think. And that's obviously against a low-teens incremental in Q2. Can you just add a bit of color around what your expectations are on costs for the second half? You mentioned that R&D was up $14 million in Q2. I think it was up $9 million in Q1. And also, in your Q1 discussion, you talked about inflation cost headwinds in Cessna in Q1. So should we assume that for the second half, those cost headwinds are largely parsing away and also the R&D ramp is less steep than it was in the first half, and that's what drives a big pickup in incrementals in the second half? Or is it just you're relying on volumes because deliveries were down in the first half and your full year guidance obviously implies a decent pickup year-on-year in the second half?
Scott Donnelly: The R&D rate is not going to change a lot. We have been ramping up the R&D rate, and of course, that will stick with us through the balance of the year. I think if I try to get to understand your question, I mean, clearly, the revenue, the volume is going to be significantly higher in the third and the fourth quarter. So if you take sort of the midpoint around where the overall guidance number is, and you look at where we are year-to-date, obviously, particularly after coming out of a negative number in the first quarter, obviously, that's all when we made up. But really, what drives it is we do have higher aircraft delivery volumes through the third and fourth quarter, which overcomes the increased R&D and whatnot. And as I said earlier, I think there are certainly cost actions that are kicking in, in terms of lower labor cost. We will see some benefit of some improved material pricing, particularly around the CJ4 as we work through the higher volumes of the third and fourth quarter as well. So all of that contributes basically to improve those overall margin rates in Q3 and Q4. So the net for the year, you end up in that guidance range of 1% to 3%. But it's mostly volume-driven.
Julian Mitchell: Got it. And then secondly, just in terms of Bell commercial. You'd mentioned that the Paris Airshow, that the term was fairly upbeat and so on. How is that -- how has the orders on commercial trended, I guess, in the first 6 months versus your expectation? I mean, obviously, commodity prices have been moving around net-net as they move up. That should be positive for your customers. But you've had some macro confusion. So maybe -- I mean is it sort of similar to Cessna where even despite all these macro changes, the overall run rate year-to-date is kind of what you thought?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, it's definitely what we thought. And we've seen some backlog accretion here in the first quarters on the commercial side. And I expect we will continue to see that through the balance of the year. We always felt that it would be fairly back-end loaded in terms of commercial deliveries because we were still coming out of sort of the challenges of 2010. But I guess, on balance, I would say that the market and how the market's recovering and where the opportunities are, are pretty consistent with what our view was coming into the year. Oil and gas is still strong. EMS is still strong. Asia has been picking up, Indonesia, Middle East. The areas that we expected to be strong are, in fact, turning out to be pretty strong.
Operator: Next we'll go to the line of David Strauss with UBS.
David Strauss - UBS Investment Bank: Scott, at Industrial, it held up pretty well despite what happened in Japan and what's coming through in terms of auto volumes. Do you still expect to see some impact, I guess at some point this year, maybe in Q3 from the slowdown in auto volumes?
Scott Donnelly: This is always a tough one to gauge. Right, what happens at the OEM level. But at least, what we're still hearing from the OEMs is that they're still fairly bullish on how the balance of the year is going to go. As you say, we had a little bit -- it was a little softer than we would've thought in the second quarter. And that was primarily plant shutdowns or reduced shipped rates, mostly in North America. Of the Japanese suppliers -- for a lot of key components were going back to Japan, obviously. But so far, we're not seeing a lot of modification of forecasts coming out of the OEMs in terms of the automotive market.
Frank Connor: And David, we're pretty much on track with respect to our original guidance of around $2.7 billion for the Industrial in total. So as we said back in the last call, we thought we'd see a little bit of a shift out of the second quarter, which we saw. And we think we'll make that up by the end of the year.
David Strauss - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. Doug, I guess that leads to my next question. Can you give a kind of a summary of where your guidance within the segments corporate, TFC has changed since the beginning of the year? I mean, I know systems, you're now talking to $2 billion versus $2.2 billion. It looks like corporate and TFC might be running a little bit better. The share count looks like it might be lower, given what happened in Q2. Can you just maybe talk about where things have changed?
Frank Connor: Well, I think in addition to what you said, the other aspects are that Cessna is still pretty much where we said. Bell will be a little better. You already said with Cessna. So net-net, we're kind of pretty close to where we started the year except for that shift between Cessna and Bell.
David Strauss - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And last one for me, Scott, back to Cessna. The book-to-bill, I think, was a little bit better than most of us were expecting in the quarter. Can you give a little bit of color in terms of -- I know you're talking about it regionally. Can you talk about maybe by aircraft type, model type where you're seeing relative strength compared to -- comparatively? And then, I think you've talked about, on the last call, the book-to-bill getting to 1x by I think you said, towards at the end of year. Does that still hold?
Scott Donnelly: I think on the book-to-bill, David, it's still the best guess I have. I mean, I think we always felt that we would probably struggle to get to a 1:1 through the course of this year. I mean, obviously, I think, as we go into the end of the year, if it's anything like last year in terms of just sort of the customer demand behavior around both the end of this year as well as orders for next year and bonus depreciation playing into all of that, I think that is probably where we'll see that 1:1 or greater kind of a number. So in that respect -- I mean, it's still yes, obviously, but it seems to be playing out about the way that we thought. In terms of aircraft mix, we kind of expected -- and again, what we've seen is a bias towards the larger Citation jets, so XLSs and the CJs and Sovereigns, more slanted away from the Mustang. Although Mustangs are doing okay, but we expected, compared to the last couple of years, that we would start to see a move towards the larger aircraft. And that is what we're seeing.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just wanted to clarify a comment you made on the backlog. Obviously, there's timing differences as to when you're going to deliver something. So is the backlog actually in a worse position this year relative to where you were last year for current year deliveries?
Scott Donnelly: Steve, I have not looked at that, so I couldn't tell you one way or the other whether our percentage going into the second is appreciably different. I don't think it's significantly different. I mean, just from a day-to-day operation as we talk about the stuff, it doesn't strike me as being very different.
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Right, because some of the stuff is for '12 and '13 and maybe a little bit beyond. And then just I think everybody's got kind of a different methodology for doing this, and you've got obviously moving parts around aftermarket, et cetera, and the revenue base. But we're coming up with something around 20 net orders from a unit perspective this quarter. Can you just give us any kind of color around that? It would be helpful for everybody, I think.
Scott Donnelly: We have not been giving specific order numbers. So I don't think I want to go there. We just haven't been giving that numbers, Steve.
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Is there any point in time where you're going to start giving that, maybe when the backlog kind of fills up? I know it's obviously a very important number to, I think, most investors. And it would just be helpful for us to be able to gauge how this thing is going.
Scott Donnelly: Well, look. I mean, obviously, the backlog number will be out there, and we'll continue to provide that. My issue is that giving specific backlog and order numbers is also more helpful to my competitors. And I just don't think it's a number we want to put out there.
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Right, okay. And then just as far as the progression through the rest of the year, are you expecting anything at NBAA? I mean, I know the helicopter show was pretty good for you guys, a nice milepost in kind of the recovery. Anything at NBAA that you'd expect to be positive?
Scott Donnelly: Well, we expect obviously that we'll have a good show. We have some things that we will be talking about at the show in terms of some new product. And in terms of the market, obviously, it's very hard to call. I mean, obviously, Paris, we feel good about where the market is on the commercial helicopter side. As we continue sort of this modest recovery, on the light to mid-size, I mean, I would hope that we're picking up some momentum as you get out there into that kind of October time frame. But we certainly will be talking about some new stuff and things that we think are good for the business. And hopefully, it will be a great show.
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then just final question on Industrial. I know you don't like to talk about the portfolio moves that much. But clearly, the business has kind of come back off of the bottom. You have a little bit of profitability there. There is quite a bit of private equity money that's floating around. Is there any kind of active ongoing portfolio review? And I guess, if you don't want to kind of answer it that way, is there any intention to add to that business and build that business? And then one final follow-up after that.
Scott Donnelly: Steve, right now, our focus really in that business is run the businesses. I mean, at 7-plus percent of margin is obviously generating a fair bit of margin for us. It's generating a lot of cash for us. And those businesses are a great part of our portfolio. As I've said before, it doesn't mean everything will be there forever? No. Does it mean we'll never add to it? No. I mean, I think that's not something that we spend a lot of time right now. Frankly, we're really much more focused on running them. That's how we've got them to where they are. And I think they have become profitable businesses and valuable businesses as a result.
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then one final question. What's the strategy on the big slag [ph] of debt that's coming due over the next couple years? I mean, any intention to kind of take care of that in the near-term given obviously, pretty volatile, or the potential for increasingly volatile credit markets out there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, our focus here for this past year really has been to try to be as aggressive as we can at paying down the bank line. So we've been doing that. We have a new line in place with good tenor to it. So we've kind of worked that part of the capital structure and feel pretty good about that. In terms of those future debt payments, I mean, they're of a magnitude and a duration at this point that obviously we feel very comfortable in our ability to pay that down as it comes due.
Frank Connor: Steve, when you look at the progress we made on TFC bank loan, we're down now at only $500 million. We expect to pay that off during the remainder of the year. That will essentially take care of all the 2012 maturities and between liquidations and cash flow. When you then look at 2013, we can take care of 2013 with the liquidations and the cash flows from the business during that intervening period of time.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Jason Gursky with Citi.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Inc: Just a quick question on Foreign Military Sales and things that are going on at Bell. Can you give us a little bit of color as to how things are going to shape up with regard to the V-22 in particular, and where you think that product is going to sell best and what types of things we, as analysts, ought to be looking out for in tracking Foreign Military Sales of some of your helicopter platforms?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. So if you talk V-22 firstly, there are a number of customers that have made inquiries and have expressed interest over time in that platform. Historically, Jason, there hasn't been a whole lot done with it because frankly, we don't even have production capacity to handle more than we're doing at the Marine Corps and the Air Force until you're out in kind of that 2015, '16, sort of a time frame anyway. So obviously, those discussions have become more real here over the last 6 months, I would say even or so. I want to be careful because there are some that are not public. One that is public, because I know the Israeli Air Force has talked about is they have expressed an interest. And the Marine Corps actually has hosted them a couple of times. They've flown the aircraft. They've been in the simulators. I think they've been very impressed with the aircraft and its capabilities. So that's one that's sort of in the first stages of putting together a potential FMS program around there. There's a couple other customers who also have inquired who are not quite that far down the path and again, they're not public, so I won't talk about them specifically. But I don't think -- the V-22, we're not talking about hundreds of countries that are going to buy these things. I think it's 10 or 12 countries that are going to buy these things. But the interest is certainly there, in a number of these places. And as I said, the initial ones are starting to actually progress. On the H-1, which is another opportunity obviously and I would say a much broader opportunity, a lot more countries that would look at H-1s both for the utility and the attack version. There are already some LORs that's been submitted to the U.S., expressing interest in these aircraft. So there's activity going on in the formal early stages of working quotations and working the government-to-government side of this thing. So again, early on but also one where we have not had production capacity to serve beyond the Marine Corps requirements. But as we see that requirement and that opportunity coming up in the sort of 2015-plus kind of time frame, we're now working those opportunities.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Inc: Okay, great. And then just one Cessna question, somebody tried to ask this question a bit earlier. And I'm going to maybe do it at a different way. For the second half of this year, how much of your outlook for deliveries is dependent upon what I would describe as turns business or orders that you expect to both get and fulfill during the second half of the year?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, we don't publish what our current number of aircraft orders and sales are. So we usually talk coming into the year, how much sold out in the past. We're trying to get away from that, Jason, because it doesn't help us in the marketplace to say how many available slots we have. But suffice to say, obviously, there are some available slots. But at this point, the color I would give you on that is when we look at what we think our total year deliveries will be, consistent with the guidance that we provided, that we think we have pretty good line of sight of those aircraft sales because they're either a, in the backlog or b, we are in discussions with customers that we believe will close on deals to sell that number of aircraft.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Inc: Okay, perfect. And then one last quick question. Can you just describe the focus of the R&D that you're doing there at Cessna? Is it towards the larger aircraft at this point?
Scott Donnelly: It really is a mix across the whole product line. So obviously, we have already announced the new X, which is our largest aircraft. We have a number of programs that are going on. And as I kind of said, we will announce at least one of those at the NBAA coming out in October. But the investment is pretty broad across all the various platforms. Some of those are upgrade programs like it is in the X and hopefully, some will be brand-new aircraft. But the one thing I would say is it's not a Columbus class aircraft, okay? I mean, the realm here of what you're doing and where we're investing really runs from our sort of that CJ-sized aircraft right through the X.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Rob Stallard with RBC.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Scott, just a bit of clarification on TFC. You said it's relatively stable here. If we look at the income statement and what the TFC cost is going to be going forward, can we expect it to be, say, maybe gradually trending down from what you booked this quarter going forward?
Scott Donnelly: In terms of -- I'm sorry, Rob, on cost?
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: If you look on the income statement, what you've got there as your operating cost effectively at the Finance division flowing through the income statement [indiscernible] of this quarter. Would you expect that sort of level of loss to be gradually trending down from here through '11 into 2012?
Frank Connor: Rob, let me put it this way. I think kind of we've given the guidance of around $140 million loss for the year. And there'll be variability quarter-to-quarter on that. But kind of that -- that's the number for 2011. That obviously reflects both operating cost of the business, as well as kind of losses on liquidations. We expect, as we've said, that to trend down as the portfolio gets smaller and trend down meaningfully. But we will, we believe, continue to see losses into 2012 and possibly beyond time frame depending on what that portfolio activity looks like.
Scott Donnelly: I think, Rob, I mean, from the cost -- that's why I was trying to be careful, I mean, cost has been coming down from an operating cost standpoint, and we'll continue to do that. Obviously, as we reduce the number of assets we have, the cost base to serve those has been coming down with it. I mean, it's probably -- don't necessarily look at it like you would conventional metrics around returning [ph] asset and cost percent asset and things like that. But obviously, it's coming down. And as Frank said, we are going to continue to liquidate this portfolio. And we would expect to continue to see loss as you continue to see that liquidation. So we know we're going to have more liquidations as we go into 2012, and there's going to be loss associated with that. I would certainly expect that the magnitude won't be as great but again, there's some volatility. I mean, if you had an opportunity to sell a good chunk of the portfolio or something, you would take associated loss at that time.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Secondly, on the V-22, you mentioned that you're discussing the multiyear situation with the U.S. government. I was wondering if you're seeing, as this discussion progress, slightly more onerous terms coming through in terms of maybe the price per unit but also just the general risk-sharing contractual terms that the government is actually looking to get from defense contractors.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I would say that the primary discussion point and the primary objective of the government with respect to the multiyear is achieving a certain savings percentage as compared to if they were to procure on a year-over-year basis. So that's really where most of the discussion and most of the strategy, with both ourselves as well as our customer is how to make sure that in terms of unit volumes and times and whatnot, that if we're going to do a multiyear, we're able to figure out a way to achieve the cost ratio. So it's not a price discussion or sharing discussion so much. It's really around how do we get that savings as compared to if they procured on an annualized basis.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank.
Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank AG: Scott, as you move into the back half of the year, you're really looking at setting the production rates up for 2012 more than anything else. I'm just kind of curious what your attitude is on the risks you're willing to take with respect to not losing share and gaining share versus obviously some conservatism with respect to the balance sheet. And kind of where do you think the backlog needs to be at year end to sustain this level of production you have in 2011?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean, first of all, you're absolutely right. We already are looking at what our production rates look like in the next year because the cycle time of these products from supplier procurement all the way through final assembly and test dictates that we started paying attention to that right now. So our view, obviously, we're not in the position yet to try to guide on probably next year. But suffice it to say that we continue to expect to see some modest improvement in the market. And that's how we think about it when we think our production rates. And just as we've done in 2010, and have now done in 2011, we will have to make some estimates in terms of what we expect that demand to look like. And as a result, we'll set those production forecasts. And yes, we will take some risk. But we'll take pretty thoughtful risk, which is the same thing we did in '09 and '10. And those have played out to be about right. So we will take some risk in terms of the balance sheet and some inventory because we know we're not going to have a backlog in 2012, where the aircraft is spoken for. We know the demand is going to be there for the course of the year, and just as we had for the last couple of years, we'll work as good, as hard as we can to try to make sure we're accurate in terms of anticipating what's going on in the marketplace.
Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank AG: And do you see any movements with respect to the tax accelerated depreciation coming into play at this debt ceiling in terms of how do you -- it would impact orders for this year either pull forward from 2012 into 2011 or otherwise?
Scott Donnelly: I don't think so. We have not heard any discussions with respect to bonus depreciation and any different handling than what has been out there. The talk that you hear around changes in -- tax-related changes for business aircraft. As near as we can tell, I mean, all the discussion is around changing the depreciation schedule to a 7-year schedule from a 5-year schedule, but that wouldn't kick in until you go back to the normal depreciation schedule. So in other words, it does not appear that there's any change, none that we are aware of, with respect to the bonus depreciation scheme. So it will just be a going-forward basis that when you go back to normal depreciation it's a 7 versus a 5-year plan. At least that, we believe, is the proposal that's on the table.
Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank AG: And last one for me. On systems, would you expect the back half of the year to have a pickup in bookings putting your book-to-bill above one to hopefully support that business revenue level flat into next year at a minimum?
Scott Donnelly: At systems, I would expect that. The only caveat I would put around that is one of the things that's been a pressure point for us this year is as we went through all the CRs and all the budget uncertainty. Some of these programs were pushed to the right. Most of those programs or several of those programs are important to us, should close and be decided by the end of the year. And therefore, you would have that in your book. But I mean, given all of the uncertainty and insurance [ph] in Washington, some of that could slide to the right. But the key opportunities that we've been working on should get into the book by the end of the year.
Operator: And next, we go to the line of Steve Levenson with Stifel.
Stephen Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: On the assumption that you get some foreign military orders, could those be shipped concurrently with deliveries to U.S. customers? Or would they have to wait in line?
Scott Donnelly: A lot of that depends on what's going on with the budgets. But I would say that generally speaking, when you get out into the '15, '16 time frame, the Marine Corps in particular, which is our customer on the H-1, and a majority of our customer on the V-22 has been very supportive of these activities. They know it's good for them as well because it keeps higher levels of production in the factories. And I think -- I won't speak for the Marine Corps, but I think they're amenable to feathering in some Foreign Military Sales opportunities, if that will help to capture some opportunities and add some additional volume to the overall program.
Stephen Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Just going back to Cessna. You've been talking a bit about mix shifting to the larger planes. Is that something you think will be evident in the second half or is that going to be something that's next year and beyond?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think that will be something we'll continue to see in the third and fourth quarter this year as well.
Frank Connor: Particularly relative to Mustang volumes as it relates to the mid-light.
Stephen Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. And just a question about that problem account in TFC, was that golf account or another category?
Scott Donnelly: It was a timeshare account.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of George Shapiro with Access 342.
George Shapiro - Citi: Can you tell us what forfeiture income net of write-downs was at Cessna in the second quarter and how that compares to last year?
Frank Connor: It was about $2 million, and it was roughly similar to last year's levels, a little over $2 million.
George Shapiro - Citi: Okay. And then, any way to quantify the impact of Japanese order production on Caltex in the second quarter and how it might recover as we go into the subsequent quarters?
Scott Donnelly: George, we've tried to do that. I mean, in some respects, it's not that hard because you can look at a particular plant, and we know they went from 5-day to 2-day shifts for a certain period of time. But what they were forecasting versus what they did. There is some murkiness around it. But let's say that globally for us, it might have been somewhere in the order of $15 million or $20 million worth of physical volume. It's not a huge number.
George Shapiro - Citi: Okay, it's not a huge number. And then, Scott, if you look at Cessna orders in June in the early part of July versus April and May, did you see any improvement?
Scott Donnelly: George, I don't even know if I have that in front of me.
Frank Connor: June was strong. Generally, the pace of order activity although there's volatility month-to-month has kind of improved generally as we went through the year.
Scott Donnelly: George, the seasonality within a quarter, you always have stronger end of the quarter, just human nature kind of a thing. So I wouldn't necessarily draw anything from that other than unlike last year, the quickest thing come out and have silenced. So we're encouraged by what we saw in June.
George Shapiro - Citi: And I was meaning, Doug, obviously, after the normal seasonality, you might expect with the stronger, normally stronger June but you're saying it's hard to separate it out.
Frank Connor: It's lack of bad news, as much as anything. So there was no bad news in June, which is good news.
Scott Donnelly: You always have some of this lumpiness, George. I tend to look at it on more of a quarter basis. I mean, we see that number every month, but I think of it more on a quarterly basis. And certainly, there's no tonal change. I mean, when I talked to Scott and I talked to Mark and the sales guys, nobody's coming in and saying, "Oh my gosh." Either nothing's happening or all of a sudden everyone wants to buy. I mean, it's been pretty steady.
George Shapiro - Citi: Okay. And then next quick one probably for Frank. The sales of the commercial tiltrotor to Agusta [ph], any financial impact from that in this quarter?
Frank Connor: No, because it won't close until later in the year.
George Shapiro - Citi: And then will there be a financial impact, then?
Frank Connor: Well, there will be some impact on an ongoing basis as a result of kind of various elements of the agreement. We will continue to support them and their development on a go-forward basis. And so we will have some engineering activities and support activity and things like that. But there will not be any type of kind of large one-time impact at the time of the close.
Operator: That would be the final question, coming from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ronald Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just quickly on Cessna, one thing we didn't really talk about was how is international demand? What are you seeing there?
Frank Connor: Actually, it's been reasonably strong. The Southeast Asia, Indonesia, these areas have been good for us on both Citation jet as well as Caravan [ph] has been good. The eastern European, Latin American markets are still strong. So it's been fairly balanced, I would say, Ron. I mean, it's not one particular region, but I would say the level of interest and the market kind of just sort of modestly recovering, we're seeing on a pretty broad basis.
Douglas Wilburne: All right, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our call. Thank you very much for joining us. And the few folks that were still in the queue for follow-up calls, we'll get to you one on one then. Thank you very much.
Operator: This conference is being made available for replay after 10 a.m. today until October 18, 2011 at midnight. You may access the AT&T Executive playback service at any time by dialing 1(800)475-6701 and entering the access code 186399. International participants may dial 1(320)365-3844. Thank you for using AT&T Executive teleconferencing. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-20 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations Scott Donnelly - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Management Committee Frank Connor - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC Stephen Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. George Shapiro - Citi Jonathan Raviv Mayur Manmohansingh - Barclays Capital Ronald Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co Kevin Boone - Morgan Stanley Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup Julian Mitchell Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank AG David Strauss - UBS Investment Bank Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Textron First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Doug Wilburne, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Douglas Wilburne: Thanks, Katie, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention, we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Moving now to first quarter results, which appear on Slide 3 of the presentation, revenues in the quarter were $2.5 billion, up 12.2% from a year ago, which yielded earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.10 compared to a loss of $0.01 in the first quarter of 2010. Last year's result included $0.06 in special charges. First quarter manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions reflected a use of cash of $55 million compared to a use of cash of $134 million during last year's first quarter. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying that we had mixed results in the first quarter. On the positive side, while our commercial aircraft deliveries of Bell and Cessna in the quarter were flat on a year-over-year basis, order and customer inquiry activity was higher than it was a year ago. Specifically at Cessna, gross orders improved from last year's first quarter as did used aircraft sales. In terms of leading indicators, availability of used Citations also continued to improve, dropping to 14% of installed fleet from 14.5% at the end of the year and a high in the cycle of 17.3%.  Based on overall current customer activity, we still believe jet deliveries this year will be up slightly from 2010. Inquiries are broad-based geographically, including the U.S. where the bonus tax depreciation incentive is still in effect. This will likely drive Q4 sales in a similar fashion as we experienced last year.  Now let me address Cessna's financial performance. Revenues were up $123 million, primarily due to higher mix of light and mid-sized jets and an increase in new jets in sales. Despite the increase in revenue, Cessna posted a segment loss of $38 million. While there are a number of items in the quarter, which contributed to the magnitude of the loss, I would say that our underlying operational performance at Cessna was disappointing. The production ramp of the new CJ4 is going well technically but is above our production cost targets. We have seen price stabilizing across most aircraft models but inflation did erode margins and even at low levels of production in the factory, I believe we can do better in terms of driving productivity. We have taken a number of actions over the past couple of years at Cessna but clearly have more to do. I assure you, we're taking the necessary actions to restore our profitability even as we increase investments in new products and service offerings.  Moving to Bell, execution and financial performance remained strong, reflecting solid execution on our military program ramp ups. We delivered 9 V-22s and 4 H-1s versus 4 V-22s and 3 H-1s in the first quarter of 2010. Both of these important programs are also performing well for our customers.  In February, the H-1 Zulu, which was approved for full rate production just last quarter achieved initial operating capability certification by the Department of Defense. This designation represents an important operational achievement. Also in February, the V-22 achieved the 100,000 flight hour milestone. The V-22 performance both in combat and humanitarian missions has been outstanding. According to Navy Safety Center records, the MV-22 has the lowest Class A mishap rate of any rotorcraft in the Marine Corps during the past decade. Also Navy data shows that the Osprey already has the lowest cost per seat mile than the U.S. Navy transport rotorcraft. So, we're proud of the program and the capabilities it's providing to our customers. On the commercial side of the business, we had an excellent show at Heli-Expo where we introduced two new models. We unveiled the 407GX, which is an upgraded version of the Bell 407, equipped with the Garmin 1000 [Garmin G1000] integrated flight deck. And we introduced the 407 AH, an economical but fully capable armed helicopter designed for paramilitary and paramilitary applications. Currently, the overall tone of the show was decidedly better than last year as we signed a number of important customer contracts. Finally, another important achievement by Bell in the quarter was being named the #1 provider of rotorcraft product support for the 17th year in a row, by Pro Pilot [Professional Pilot] magazine. This recognition is particularly important because aftermarket support is a critical factor in new helicopter purchase decisions and, therefore, is a significant competitive advantage for Bell.   At Textron Systems, revenues were down slightly in the quarter while we maintained double digit margins. Systems also received important recognition for excellent service support as our Shadow Tactical Unmanned Aircraft System program was named the best performance base logistics implementation by the Department of Defense. And on the international front, we made our first UAS shipment to Sweden during the quarter. At our Finance segment, we had another excellent quarter of execution on a non-captive exit strategy, reducing our amount of Receivables portfolio by $485 million. This now brings our total portfolio down to $4.1 billion, with the non-captive portion decreasing to $1.9 billion. Within the non-Captive portfolio, Golf Mortgage is down to about $820 million and Timeshare dropped to about $620 million. Moving to the Industrial businesses, operating performance was solid again. We achieved a 90-basis point improvement in margins as revenues were up at Kautex, Greenlee and Jacobsen. While the situation in Japan did not have a material impact on volumes in the first quarter, we have been notified by a number of our auto OEM customers that they will be affected in the second quarter. These customers are indicating that they expect second quarter production slowdowns will be substantially made up in the second half of the year. Therefore, we do not expect these issues to materially affect our outlook for the full year. On the business development for industrial during the quarter, Greenlee purchased a 51% stake in Shanghai Endura Tools Company, a distributor of professional tools for the home centers, constructions, industrial manufacturing, automotive channels with over 1,000 distribution points in China. This should allow us to accelerate our expansion of our Tool business throughout China. To wrap up the quarter, we're seeing signs of recovery in our commercial aircraft markets at both Bell and Cessna. We posted strong results at Bell, Industrial and Systems, reflecting success from our operating execution across productivity efforts. At Cessna, we'll continue these efforts that are required to deliver superior financial results in the business, and we had a good progress in our wind down strategy at Finance. Overall, we remain on track for our full year EPS outlook between $1 and $1.15 and cash flow before pension contributions of $800 million to $850 million. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $123 million, up $27 million from the first quarter of 2010. This reflected an increase of $13 million across the Manufacturing segments and a $14 million improvement in Finance segment loss.  The Finance segment improvement reflected lower loan-loss provisions and lower operating expenses, partially offset by lower interest margin on the reduced portfolio of finance receivables and higher portfolio losses. Looking at Slide 5, nonaccrual finance receivables decreased from $850 million to $836 million, while 60-day-plus delinquencies increased slightly to $418 million from $411 million. Charge-offs in the first quarter were $16 million compared with $24 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. At Cessna, revenues were up $123 million on new jet deliveries, as Scott mentioned. We posted an operating loss of $38 million, which compared to a $24 million loss in last quarter's first -- or last year's first quarter. This decline reflected a number of items including lower deposit forfeiture income, higher engineering and development costs and inflation, which more than offset profit contribution from the higher revenue. At Bell, revenues were up $131 million, and segment profit increased $17 million. Segment profit increased as the impact from higher military production and deliveries more than offset increased research and development costs. At Textron Systems, revenue was down $13 million, primarily due to lower ASP aftermarket services. Segment profit was down $2 million on the lower revenue. At Industrial, revenues were up $78 million on higher volumes, generating an increase in segment profit of $12 million.  On a capital structure front, we ended the quarter with $4.7 billion in net debt, down $352 million from the end of the year, which you can see on Slide 6. Last month, we established a new Textron credit facility with a $1 billion undrawn line. We also continued to pay down the TFC bank line, ending the quarter at $1.2 billion outstanding. We expect to retire the balance of the TFC line well in advance of the April 2012 due date, as proceeds from further liquidation to TFC, cash flow from manufacturing operations and a quarter-end cash balance of $1 billion should be more than sufficient to do so. That concludes our prepared remarks, and we're ready to take questions. Katie?[Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Peter Skibitski from SunTrust.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: I was wondering if you could give us some more color on Cessna profitability. Can you tell us how much forfeiture income you had this quarter versus the prior year quarter and maybe quantify how much R&D and inflation impacted?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, and we can give you a couple of the big categories, Peter. Engineering was about $9 million higher in the quarter than it was a year ago. Forfeiture deposits were lower by about $9 million than they were a year ago. Used aircraft write-downs were about $3.5 million to $4 million worse than they were a year ago. So those are some of the items Id kind of mention. It's a bit of a laundry list of things, but that's the bulk of it.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Sure. You're still expecting profit at Cessna for the year? I think you guided to 1% to 3%?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, we are.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Will Q2 be profitable, do you expect?
Scott Donnelly: Again, it ties into the number of deliveries, but I think it will be somewhere in that breakeven area.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, okay. And then lastly, and I'll move aside. The new Union contract at Cessna looks pretty good on paper, and you have the Mexico facility ramping up. So it seems like your cost should be down materially, I would say. But do you think the full effect of the Union contract hasn't really come through yet? Or are the guys kind of struggling with implementing that? Can you give us some color there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I can give you some color there. I mean, this is where I sort of refer to some things disappoint here but the Mexico thing, for instance, I think, is a significant play for us. I think we have to recognize a lot of stuff is in the transitioning process. Some parts are completely transitioned. An awful lot of stuff is still in process and, obviously, in many cases, particularly these aircraft early on in the cycle are actually aircraft that have a lot of parts that were built in a higher-cost labor place because we actually built ahead to then be able to transition to tooling to get it down to Mexico to make that transition happen. So, you're certainly not seeing the full effects of what we're trying to do in terms of transitioning some of that high-labor content work down into Mexico. In terms of the labor agreement, I think we will see -- obviously, we will see benefit in terms of both productivity as well as having some relief here of not having escalating labor cost. But again, I think you will see more impact of that as we start to bring more people back in, as we start to increase production rates. But these aircraft, obviously, have been built still in pretty well the trough of where we are in terms of overall production rates.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, okay. So we'll see the Mexico impact maybe flow through in the second half of the year and...
Scott Donnelly: I would expect so, yes.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, okay, okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Heidi Wood with Morgan Stanley.
Kevin Boone - Morgan Stanley: This is actually Kevin Boone calling in for Heidi. I had a question on Bell, just given the flat results in the quarter, what do you expect going through the year? And I think there was a relatively positive helicopter conference you had done in Orlando and would you see some of that carry through throughout the remainder of the year?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, we absolutely do feel good about where we are on the Bell commercial side of things. The flat deliveries in the quarter, I think, you would really look at this and say that the commercial market really started to move towards the latter part of next year. We started to accumulate actually some backlog. We feel good and continued to accumulate that as we went through the first quarter. Heli-Expo, obviously, an important part of that and we do expect that we're going to continue to see a good ramp up in terms of commercial deliveries throughout the balance of the year. So, we will come out -- I'm very confident we're going to end up with higher deliveries in 2011 than we had in 2010. So, I think the first quarter being flat, just in terms of the numbers of aircraft, is not something that is a worry to me or something that I would interpret in a very big way. We're going to see continued growth in our Commercial business as we ramp through the year.
Kevin Boone - Morgan Stanley: And how about on the after-market side? What did you guys see in the quarter for the commercial side?
Scott Donnelly: I'm not sure I have that number right in front of me, but I mean flight hours have been strong. So I think we -- I don't want to give you the wrong number here.
Frank Connor: Aftermarket was up a bit, so we continued to see some improvement in that area.
Kevin Boone - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Cai Von Rumohr from Cowen and Company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: Yes. Thank you so much. Could you comment on where the cash conversion was of the liquidations of TFC?
Scott Donnelly: In the quarter, it was about 92%, Cai.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And your expectation for the year?
Scott Donnelly: Well, as we kind of keep saying, and I know it hasn't happened yet, but we do expect as we get through some of these other assets, it's going to get -- it's going to degrade over the year. But in the first quarter, it was pretty strong. We had a sale of a number of receivables in our amortizing pool, on the resort side that went at a very high level, which helped to keep the number pretty high here in the first quarter, and we'll continue to see some of those sorts of transactions. But it's clearly going to trend down into the 80s even the 70s, I think, over the course of the year, Cai.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And could you give us some color on the impact that the CR has had and the tough budget environment we're in and of how you look at both at Systems and Bell on the military side?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. In terms of the CR, I would not say that we had any programs that were directly impacted necessarily by the CR. But I think what we've seen happening, Cai, is a number of new program opportunities, particularly in the Systems business, where we're going through the usual process, where the governments issued RFIs and then theyre issuing RFPs and going through that proposal valuation process. Whether it's directly because of the CR situation or just frankly, a lot of things going on in the building with respect to working now on the '12 budgets and dealing with all of the churn thats going on, a number of those things have just been delayed. I don't think those programs are going away, but some of them are clearly sliding to the right just in terms of the time lines that the government articulated with respect to those programs. And you know that business, Cai, I mean, it's not unusual for that to happen, but I think it's being -- it's happening more driven by a lot of the churn around the CR and just the budget challenges they have in total. So again, from my perspective, no direct impact and the programs that we're following, that we're bidding on, I don't believe are impacted in terms of will the program happen. But we're seeing some things slide to the right. On the Bell side, we really haven't seen any impact, to be honest with you. Obviously, the multi-year MV-22 has continued to move right along. The H-1 funding has been solid, and we're delivering at our forecasted production rate. So on the Bell side, we really at a macro level, haven't really seen any impact on the CRs at this point.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Stallard with RBC.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Thanks very much. Scott, I was wondering if we could start on Cessna. The backlog was down again this quarter. There's a lot of moving parts here. But what's your thought on when we might see the inflection point in the backlog?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Rob, I think it's going to be to the latter part of this year. I mean, we are, as I said, seeing -- we did see more growth orders up a good bit in the first quarter. The market is clearly coming back. I would say it's coming back slower than we would like. And I think a lot of the uncertainties out there with oil and economies and conflicts have slowed things a bit. But the encouraging part is that the orders are starting to flow and certainly, the customer activity and discussions are happening. It's just taken a while to bring things to total closure. So that's why we say our color, at least, as we look at the year is that we still feel pretty good about the demand being where we expected it to be to meet our commitments in terms of the number of deliveries. But realistically, at this point, I mean it's not like the thing is rushing back. So I would say that getting to a point where you start to build positive backlog versus the order rates that we see and, obviously, the aircraft that we're selling as we go through the year, I think it's going to be, best case, towards the latter part of the year before you would see any real change in backlog.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. And secondly, at Textron Systems, you noted that ASV aftermarket was down year-on-year in the quarter. What's the trend like here? Is this a one-off occurrence partly relating to CR or something or are we starting to see this trending down going forward?
Scott Donnelly: I mean, I think just part of that is timing. I wouldn't read too much into that. I think the opportunities that we're really looking at in terms of the ASV business over the next year, 2 years to 3 years almost, is really becoming more a function of bringing in new contracts and foreign opportunities. And we still feel pretty good about that. And we did announce a deal here in the quarter. We've seen some options exercise. So, at least, I think, over the next couple of years that business is still in pretty solid shape.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of David Strauss with UBS.
David Strauss - UBS Investment Bank: Scott, just to follow up on that in terms of Cessna, could you give some color in terms of what you're seeing maybe by geography or product line? I mean, I've certainly heard that the domestic market seems to be picking up a bit. Are you seeing corporates come back to the market and look at -- potentially looking at refreshing their fleet after having put it off for a couple of years at this point?
Scott Donnelly: We are. As I said, the geography of this thing is pretty broad. We see a lot of activity in Asia, in Latin America, Europe, actually, quite a number of inquiries and the U.S. does seem to be coming back as well. One of the things that we're struggling a bit with is, in the U.S., obviously, the bonus deprecation is helping to incent some people back into the market. And I think those deals are going to happen. One of the challenges that we have is trying to get them not to all want to happen in the fourth quarter. And, in fact, we're already having conversations with customers that basically says, "Look guys, we can't deliver all the aircraft in November/December." We're sort of filling up those slots. So we're going to start getting people to take earlier deliveries just because we'll run out of capacity to physically do the delivery process towards the end of the year but -- so, yes, I mean, I think the geography is very broad based. It's not just one region of the world. We're seeing folks, and I think a lot of it is, folks were getting to a point where theyd say, "Look, normally, we would have done our refreshes and our upgrades 2 years ago, a year ago, and it's time to get on with it."
David Strauss - UBS Investment Bank: And then on the used aircraft side, could you give a little bit of color of what's going on there, where you are in terms of used aircraft inventories relative to where you were last year? And is some of this being driven by you, at all by you giving used aircraft or trade-in kind of guaranties and taking a hit on that, just some color there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, in terms of the trade-ins, I mean, there still are some trade-ins happening but, certainly, any time that we would look at a trade-in with respect to sort of reference to an over trade, right where -- I mean, if we're going to give somebody a trade that's more than the aircraft is worth, I mean, that hits our P&L right away because we mark these things, as you know, every quarter to what the actual asset value is. So, we generally don't do that. To the extent we do it, it's totally transparent because you see that hit the P&L immediately. In terms of dynamics in the used aircraft market, we feel pretty good about where it's going, and we sold two used aircraft, I think, in the first quarter of '10 and we sold 11 in the first quarter of '11. So, the used market has clearly come back to life. You see that reflected in the number of aircraft available for sale. So that's certainly been a very positive trend. And as you look at where we were in terms of the number of units, our inventory actually went down a little bit sequentially from the end of the year to where we are now because we were able to sell 11 aircraft in the quarter.
David Strauss - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, thanks a lot. Ill get back in the queue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Barclays Capital.
Mayur Manmohansingh - Barclays Capital: This is Mayur in for Carter. Scott, you talked about the guidance, overall top line guidance. I was just wondering were there any changes within the segments that set out, either revenues or margins.
Scott Donnelly: No, we really don't see anything materially different as you look across the segments. I mean, we expect kind of a question around Cessna given the loss in the first quarter, but we still think we'll get that back to the range that we guided.
Mayur Manmohansingh - Barclays Capital: Okay. And on Industrial, margins in the quarter were pretty good. You've been trending recently above what you were doing through the 2000s. How much better do you think you can do in terms of industrial margins looking forward?
Scott Donnelly: Well, the Industrial margins, I think, we're pretty pleased with where they are. I think when you look at the mix of businesses, theres still opportunities for improvement. On the other hand, I always kind of caution a little bit, remember that the automotive market tends to be very strong in the first half of the year and tends to soften just in terms of the volume, the build, the number of manufacturing days. I mean, we're obviously on the Kautex side very tied to what's going on with the auto OEMs. So the first quarter is usually the strongest for them. I'm expecting the second quarter to be a little weaker just given that we're expecting some OEM softness with the Japan impact. But again and hopefully picking some of that back up in the third and fourth quarter. So, I don't think that the margin rate you see is not one I would extrapolate for the full year. Auto will be just seasonally -- I mean, I don't think you'll have a different characteristic if you look at historically how we've done in terms of the Industrial business and volume and margin through the course of the year.
Mayur Manmohansingh - Barclays Capital: I was just thinking a bit longer term because I think back in the 2000s, the margins were about 10%. It was high-single digits, mid-single digits through most of the last decade. And I was just wondering whether or not we can see those sort of 10%, sort of come back.
Frank Connor: Mayur, the composition of our Industrial business back in 2000 is much different than it is now. Not to mention that the characteristics of the Auto, the Component business are also different. But I think that as we've said before, we can trend to the high-single digits in this business, and that's going to generate 20%-type returns on capital.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky with Citigroup.
Jonathan Raviv: That's actually Jon Raviv in for Jason. Just a quick question, you mentioned some of the delays you're seeing in Systems within the DoD. I was wondering if you had any specific examples of what programs you're seeing delayed, and if you expect that process to improve or if it still seems kind of slow.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think when you look at some of the larger programs, we're going to be bidding on a Ship-to-Shore Connector, which is a big program in our Marine & Land Systems business. That's a pretty sizeable program. It has gone through the RFI. It's kind of waiting now for the formal RFP to come out. So I'd say that's one that has been sort of just delayed and hung up, I think, primarily driven by pretty senior people in the Pentagon being pretty busy, running around, working on these other budget issues. Again, I think it's a program that's from a budget perspective, our indication we get is it's in good shape. It's a necessary program. It's going to happen. It's just going through some delay. So that's probably the biggest. There are some recap programs on Humvee's in both the Marine Corp and the Army, which, similarly, I think, are just sort of delayed in terms of getting around to getting the process moving.
Jonathan Raviv: Do you guys plan on bidding on the Humvee reset?
Scott Donnelly: We do.
Jonathan Raviv: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Access 342.
George Shapiro - Citi: I wanted to pursue a little bit more the CJ4. Are you not on the learning curve that you want to be on? Are you just seeing higher inflation affecting cost or is the pricing still reflecting the early orders that you have? So just trying to get a little more color as to what's actually going on there.
Scott Donnelly: Well, George, It's really more of a cost issue than anything. I think when we laid out the program, the CJ3 was, as you would imagine, was a product that was used to do most of the shared cost analysis based on that because it's sort of a delta from that. And the reality is, the cost for most of the key components have come in at a higher level than we would have forecast based on our modeling of what it should cost, based on where we were with the CJ3. So, I don't think this is a -- it's not as simple as simply, hey guys, after we get a few more aircraft going through here, the labor hours will go. It really is -- a lot of that product is purchase material cost, which is coming in too high and the solution is not complicated either. It's just sort of blocking and tackling and going back through all those key components of the cost, a lot of which is purchase and sitting down with those suppliers and saying, "Look, this cost is out of line compared to what we buy from you on other programs" and hammering our way through that. So it's not particularly complicated or a lot of science involved here. It's just going back and really kind of realizing where we are on the cost of that program. It's not where we need to be and hammering away at it one day at a time.
George Shapiro - Citi: Okay, yes, because you kind of adjust for all the numbers that you've said, the incremental margins are pretty low for the business, and it seems like it's got to be related to that CJ4.
Scott Donnelly: Well, there is no doubt, George. I mean, the first quarter of 2010, we had none. And I think we had 8 in the first quarter of this year. So, when you're talking about sort of an $8 million, $9 million airplane, so there there's a fair bit of revenue in there that does not have the gross margins that we're accustomed to having in the light to mid-sized jet market.
George Shapiro - Citi: Okay. And then, Frank, you had mentioned that the aftermarket was up at Cessna. Could you just be a little more specific as to how much and how about -- same with Bell, the aftermarket?
Frank Connor: Yes. We said the aftermarket, the commercial aftermarket, at Bell was what I said, was up a bit in a kind of single digit, lower-single digit-type numbers, and Cessna was a bit stronger than that on the revenue side in the aftermarket.
George Shapiro - Citi: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Thank you. Just for starters, can you give us some idea of how much of the Cessna backlog is deliverable in '12 and beyond?
Scott Donnelly: I don't think we publish that, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: I guess, second question, Scott, is just a little bit more of kind of the body language on how customers are behaving. You're talking about inquiries picking up, and you mentioned a little bit maybe a fire drill again in Q4. I mean, Q4 last year seems unusual, right? I mean, it was, 44% of your deliveries were in Q4. It's always your biggest quarter, but that was kind of way out of balance relative to what's normal. And that seemed like kind of a rush to get bonus depreciation before it went away. I don't think anybody is going to think it's going to be extended again for '12. So I'm not sure why we would have that fire drill at the end of Q4 again. Is it just the timing of people's cash flows that they want to delay that delivery as long as possible or is there something else going on there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think it is mostly just people saying, "Look, I want to make sure I get it done this year to take advantage of it." And obviously, some customers want to take aircraft now. They want to do it. So those that were thinking, well, maybe I could wait 'til later on it, they want it, theyre incented to try to get it done this year. I think that what was particularly strange about our profile last year, Jeff, was as you recall, we had a very light third quarter and then a very heavy fourth quarter. And so what we're already trying to work on is, say, Guys, we just don't want to go through that again. So we're working with customers and say, "Look guys, we just can't do a fourth quarter delivery. We need to move some of these back into the third quarter and not end up with that very difficult hockey stick at the end of the year." So, I think fourth quarter will be a heavy quarter, which is good, but I do think the issue that, really, if I look at last year, we were too light in the third quarter. We need to move some of that volume back and get some of that delivery done. And look, the reality is that the order flow and the level of customer activity is considerably stronger than it was in this time last year. If you remember, last year, we got into this time of year and basically, conversation stopped based on the euro crisis and sovereign debt and all that sort of stuff. We haven't seen that this year. Even though there are some challenges out there, the conversations are happening. So I would expect we will bring a lot more deals to closure earlier on in the year than we did last year, where the market at Cessna and the business jet like this really kind of went quiet for 6 months before it started to pick up again in really the October kind of time frame. And those conversations are happening now. So I would expect from a timing perspective, we won't -- we're obviously not planning on seeing that period of no activity and, therefore, very light deliveries in the third quarter of the year.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: And then just finally from me, you're not going to preannounce new products on this call, but can you give us a sense of the magnitude of the R&D increase in the quarter and how that might play out over the balance of the year?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, the R&D increase in the quarter was about $9 million. And I would expect to see those kind of impacts in every quarter throughout the balance of the year.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Crdit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell: Yes, thanks. My first question was just about the inflation, cost headwinds you mentioned that had hurt Cessna's margins in Q1. Can you talk a little bit about how that splits out maybe between materials and labor and how you see those moving? You talked about labor earlier, but maybe on any kind of non-labor inflation, what your sort of core expectations are in your guidance for the balance of the year?
Scott Donnelly: I would say material/labor is probably in the 50-50 kind of range. It's a number on the order of around $6 million total. So, it's not an overwhelming number, but those are roughly, Julian, where the numbers are.
Julian Mitchell: And when you think about the delta of sort of the input costs and the output price on deliveries, how do you see that moving for the balance of this year versus what you had in Q1?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think we've seen some price stabilization as I said in most models as we've come into the year. I think we will see some modest positive pricing through the balance of the year, and we had some allowance programs and discount programs were done in the latter part of the year, which have stopped and are stopping. So, I think we will actually probably yield a little bit better pricing through the balance of this year. On the input cost side, I mean, we obviously had some come through on the material side, some of the things we're obviously doing around CJ4 and other programs is going back to a lot of that supply base on the material side and trying to drive some productivity there and push back some of that inflation. And as you can imagine, the conversations with our suppliers is that we haven't seen pricing power over the last couple of years in the industry. Theres no reason why we think you should be seeing some pricing power with us. But, obviously, that's a negotiation that goes on supplier-by-supplier and sometimes, part-by-part.
Julian Mitchell: Okay, thanks. And then just a follow-up on TFC, what sort of provision expectations have you got for this year? I mean, how has that changed, I guess, in the last few months?
Scott Donnelly: In terms of -- what kind of provisions, Julian?
Julian Mitchell: Well, I mean, Q1, they were...
Scott Donnelly: You mean for the $12 million in provisions for losses?
Julian Mitchell: Yes.
Frank Connor: I mean, the thing that you have to be careful about on finance, and we still expect kind of the same loss range that we had talked about of $140-ish million is, depending on how things get liquidated, it can either end up in provision or end up in a portfolio loss or charge-off. So those numbers really kind of move around depending on how things end up being liquidated. So you kind of have to -- I'd focus on kind of the total numbers.
Julian Mitchell: Got it.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton from Deutsche Bank.
Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank AG: Scott, maybe, within the 1% to 3% margin range for Cessna, are we -- given the 1Q results and CJ4 and inflation you're seeing, are we squarely at the low end? I'm just trying to reconcile if 2Q is breakeven, the implied back end for the mid or the high end seems like a little bit of a stretch unless Mexico productivity comes through or you get better pricing. Just curious what you're seeing within that range.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean, I don't think there's any question considering the level of loss in the first quarter that it's more likely to hit towards the 1% than the 3% at this point. But, I guess, that we're still very early on in the year. And I think theres still a lot to be understood in terms of dynamics of the recovery and how much pricing powers out there and things like that so it's probably a little early in the year to try to go on record and narrow the guidance range, if you will, between 1% and 3%, I guess, at this point.
Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank AG: And then your assumption or you're suggesting that the pickup in demand would be coming in the back half of the year and backlog book-to-bill potentially turning above one towards the end of the year. Is that in any way predicated on new aircraft products in the market spurring some order to pickup?
Scott Donnelly: No. I think that's just going to be the sort of the flow of the year and predicated really on just our expectations in terms of the recovery kind of building momentum as you go through the end of the year. It's really not built around any new product launch thats going to generate a big future year's backlog, if you will.
Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. So it would be book-to-bill above 1% on the current big book of business that you're doing?
Scott Donnelly: That's where we'd like to be.
Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan.
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just first quickly on Bell. The V-22 is obviously up very nicely, and I'm not sure what the price is on that. We have it around $40 million for you guys, kind of on a booked basis per aircraft. Is that right?
Frank Connor: That's not correct, Steve. It's lower than that. But always remember that we're generating revenues outside of the OE delivery as well.
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Right. So, I mean, I'm just curious, why weren't Bell revenues a little bit better with the big ramp in V-22s? Is there something in Bell that was down materially within mix in the commercial aircraft? I'm just curious.
Frank Connor: There was lower spare and support on the military side in the first quarter, Steve.
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then just on Cessna, as far as the inquiries are concerned, are you -- has the dynamic changed a bit with Embraer where these inquiries, you're seeing people come, but it's a much more of a -- relative to the previous cycle, it's much of a, I guess, competition-heavy discussion where previously, you had a customer base that was, I don't know, 80% of your sales went to your existing customer base, whatever, I think that was the number you used to put out there. How has that changed now with Embraer kind of in the mix here? And also, just what was the realized price in the quarter at Cessna?
Scott Donnelly: So, in terms of the color of the discussions, Steve, I don't see any different dynamic when we're running -- working with a customer that's in space of a certain size of aircraft. I mean generally speaking, these are all competitive transactions. If it's a CJ4 discussion, you have a customer that's also looking at a Phenom 300. If it's a Sovereign discussion, it's somebody that's looking at a Hawker. So, I mean it's really -- I don't think that there has been any real change in the dynamic in the marketplace. I mean we have always had, even when you're talking about a CJ4, theres Lears in there and there's Hawkers in there, so it's -- I don't know that it's very different in that regard. I would say what's different this year, is we actually see deals come all the way to closure, which is encouraging. And I think we're winning our fair share of that stuff. So, we feel pretty good about that in a competitive environment. And I would say, I think, in the first quarter, Cessna realized price was probably pretty flat, not really -- not a lot, one way or the other.
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And you expect -- is the backlog have more negative price in it or is this -- are we at kind of a trough-y levels from a price perspective?
Scott Donnelly: I think we're at pretty trough-y levels. I think as we look at some of the deliveries that are going to be happening over the balance of the year, the price of backlog looks a little bit better. But obviously, there is still slots to fill, too.
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein from Bank of America.
Ronald Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch: Kind of back to Cessna again, sorry about kind of beating this horse but when you look at the demand, where you're seeing kind of more tire-kicking from customers, now can you speak what part of the world is it coming from? Is it generally North America or is it Europe, Latin America, but can you speak to that?
Scott Donnelly: Ron, it really is pretty balanced. We have a number of deals that are going down in Indonesia. We have a number of transactions in Latin America, Eastern Europe. We actually have a number of deals that are in the works right now in France and Germany. And the U.S. market, as I said, is also coming back. So, it really is pretty broad-based. I'd say the U.K. right now is still very quiet, if I had to pick a country where there is really not much going on. But as I said, other Western European and Eastern European countries are there. Little bit of activity in the Middle East, but it really is pretty broad-based.
Ronald Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch: And on that point, and this is kind of the next question, on the Middle East, given what has happened there, have you seen a slowdown or activity there kind of go on ice a little bit because of the instability in the region?
Scott Donnelly: I mean I try to think like every place, there's a little bit of a slowdown and reluctance in some of these things. But I would kind of have to say that Yemen and Libya were not big markets for Cessna. They actually are markets for Bell. And so we've seen probably a little slowdown maybe in some foreign military opportunities in some of those places, but not of a material impact at this point.
Ronald Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then one more back on Cessna, when you look at the Cessna product offering and where you are having customer conversations, is it at the lower end of the product line, kind of the mid to high, I guess what I'm asking is, how are the XLS and the Sovereign doing?
Scott Donnelly: XLS and Sovereign are doing well. Actually, there is probably as much or more demand there than even in say the Mustang side.
Ronald Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steve Levenson with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Stephen Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks. On the new multi-year agreement you're negotiating for V-22, do you see any impact in terms of quantity or timing based on the budget situation?
Scott Donnelly: I guess, I would have to say, I don't think so. The negotiations are underway or discussions, I should say, are underway. We understand what we need to do from a pricing standpoint to get the authorization for another multiyear. I think that we feel pretty confident that we will get there. The rates that have always been envisioned in that second multiyear are lower than the rates that we have today on the first multiyear, but again that's something that we've always understood. And you're talking out in 2015-'16 kind of time frame, so theres actually a lot of discussion with our customer and other prospective customers on what we do in terms of that rate. In other words, there is room to be able to build some aircraft for customers other than our current customers. And there is a number of opportunities for potential fits for that aircraft in other applications, and we're pursuing those. So, in terms of just strictly speaking, the multi-year with the Marine Corps, I'd say we're making good progress. I think we will get there. It will be slightly lower production rates than what we have today, but we have a number of opportunities to fill that up to continue to be able to run at the capacity that we have.
Stephen Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thanks. And in terms of the other customers you mentioned, are those other U.S. customers or foreign customers?
Scott Donnelly: It's a mix actually. There are a number of other applications within the U.S. DoD, and there are expressions of interest on behalf of some foreign militaries for fleets of V-22s.
Stephen Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thanks. And just going back to Cessna, there was the recent Shanghai Show. Do you have any commentary from what's going on in China?
Scott Donnelly: I'm not sure I have anything in particular. I mean, we still expect that market to continue to open up. We had some good deliveries there last year. We still certainly see that as a market that's going to be emerging for both Cessna and Bell. And as I said, we've had pretty good luck selling into there over the last year or so, and we're also making some investments in the country in terms of expanding our service footprint to make sure that we have more presence within China not only to sell, but also to support our aircraft as that fleet grow. So we're over there, and we're working it pretty hard.
Stephen Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brian Jacoby with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs: Thanks for taking my question. Quick questions around Textron Finance, just with liquidations. Do you expect liquidations to actually cover the total bank debt reduction for this year or do you expect to have to perhaps dividend money from the parent? But based on your guidance, it looks like the answer is no. It looks like meaning you won't have to dividend money, and that you're expecting liquidations to cover the entire sum. Is that the right way to think about it?
Frank Connor: No, well, certainly liquidations will cover a very meaningful piece of the bank debt pay-down. But as we've said, we are effectively also continuing to in part finance TFC through intercompany lending from the parent. And so we will continue to see the intercompany loan, which was about almost $400 million at the end of the first quarter. That will continue to build throughout the year as well, as we pay off that bank loan.
Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So it's not the guidance around the capital contributions of $190 million and dividends of $210 million, we should think of those loans going forward just completely separated. So it's going to be a loan item number that you'll get back in, what, 2012, 2013?
Frank Connor: Yes, I mean that then pays down as we continue to reduce the size of the portfolio. It's just more efficient for us kind of to be effectively financing at the parent level, if you will, than having TFC go out and try and access capital on its own for this interim period of time because we have this kind of just timing differential between how things are liquidating relative to some of that bank debt pay-down. But we will not need additional capital into TFC.
Scott Donnelly: Youve got to separate the cash discussion from your base premise, which is correct. We will not need to make a capital contribution.
Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then more of a housekeeping item, what exactly is the short-term debt increase at the parent company?
Frank Connor: We've begun to access the commercial paper market. As we've continued to reduce debt and stabilize the balance sheet, we wanted to just get back into that market to kind of have the ability to help us deal with just short-term working capital swings. So, obviously, our first quarter, as we said, is typically a user of cash on the manufacturing side, it just helps even out those working capital swings.
Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs: Okay and with that, I guess, if that's something that down the road, you're going to, hopefully, continue to be able to use, any dialogue with the rating agencies in terms of maybe improving the ratings just given where you are from a ratings perspective? I would imagine CP is an area where you have access but as a A2/P2, it's kind of tough. Or actually, are you an A2/P2 at this point?
Frank Connor: Yes.
Scott Donnelly: Yes.
Frank Connor: And look, we've seen good receptivity there. We're not looking to kind of build that program in a very substantial way. Again, it's going to be relatively modest and just help us with working capital swings. As you might imagine, we have regular dialog with the rating agencies. We think we've made very good progress on kind of our debt reduction and improvement in our financial ratios and the rating agencies will move at whatever pace they decide to move at. But I think they are encouraged by the progress that we have made. And we continue to believe we'll make further progress.
Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thank you.
Frank Connor: All right. And I'm sorry, it's A3/P3.
Scott Donnelly: Yes. Right. And if we got upgraded back to where we were, we'd go back to A2/P2. Just to give you a sense, again, we're talking about a couple hundred million dollars in the CP market, just to re-establish ourselves. We don't have any intention of going back to using the CP as a primary funding vehicle like we were doing in the financial service days, right? This will be purely the way companies like ours would normally use the CP market for working capital and then the dollars we're talking about are easily supported by the size of that market for an A2/P2 issuer.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from Peter Skibitski with SunTrust.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Guys, the Systems margin in the first quarter was really good, especially compared to your guidance. Can you remind me what's going to happen the rest of the year that's going to make that trend down? Or maybe you'd like to adjust that?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think that the Systems business is going to be a little lumpy as we go through the year, with programs and deliveries particularly some blocks of out of a couple of our more profitable segments. So I would not use that margin rate this year and say, hey, that's a total upward provision to that guidance or sustain that. It's going to be a -- that numbers going to move around. I think we'll stay a good double-digit business, but it's going to move around over the course of the year from quarter-to-quarter.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Is Sensor Fuzed Weapon, is that the big mover there?
Scott Donnelly: Well Sensor Fuzed Weapons is one of the ones that moves it around. And we will have some quarters this year where we have some, and we're going to have some quarters where we don't have any. So that will be one of the contributors as we go. It was not a big contributor in the first quarter.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, okay. And then just a couple of housekeeping, are you expecting a 31% tax rate still?
Scott Donnelly: Yes.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And still 55 to sixty 429 deliveries for the year?
Scott Donnelly: Yes.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: And our next follow-up question is from the line of Cai Von Rumohr with Cowen and Company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: Yes. Given your sales looked a little light in Systems and you had the budget delays, can you still get to $2.2 billion for the year or near that?
Scott Donnelly: Cai, I would -- of all the segments I look at, that's one that I worry about just because we are seeing some pushouts on some of these programs. So we feel pretty good where our margin rates are. But if theres one that's going to be one we'll watch closely just in terms of softness at the top line, it's going to be Systems. And again, it's just -- it really is just some of these programs that are pushing out where we would have expected some of them to get under contract. And I'm not sure we'll get under contract by the end of this year.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And then I think you said a near breakeven at Cessna in the second quarter, and for the full year you could still do near $3 billion and 1% to 3% margins. Did I hear that correctly?
Scott Donnelly: That's correct.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: But that really implies quite a hockey stick in the third and the fourth quarter. I mean, if we take the midpoint, that would really imply margins about 5% in the third and the fourth quarter. Is there anything happening beyond somewhat greater volume, I mean R&D mitigates or anything else?
Scott Donnelly: No. I mean, it's really more driven by just volume and performance through the balance of the year, Cai. But you're right. This is going to be a -- it's going to be a hockey stick. And obviously, as I said, one of the things we're got to do is try to figure out how to make it not be a predominantly fourth quarter hockey stick and try to drive as much back into the third quarter as we can.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: What does that say about 2012, if anything, for Cessna?
Scott Donnelly: Cai, I haven't spent a lot of time on 2012 just yet to be perfectly honest with you. But I mean, as we watch the order backlog build over the course of the year, obviously, we'll get a lot more insight into that. And theres no question, a lot of customers we are talking to are looking at orders that are in all likelihood going to be 2012 deliveries.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
Douglas Wilburne: All right. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our call today. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:00 a.m. today through July 19 at midnight. You may access the AT&T Executive replay system at anytime by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 186398. International participants, dial 320-365-3844. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations Scott Donnelly - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Management Committee Frank Connor - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets Stephen Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ronald Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley Alexander Virgo Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup Jason Gursky - Citigroup Inc Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank AG David Strauss - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Textron Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] And I'd now like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Doug Wilburne. Please go ahead.
Douglas Wilburne: Thanks, Leah, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I would like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's Chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Moving now to fourth quarter results, which appear on Slide 3 of the presentation. Revenues in the quarter were $3.1 billion, up 11.2% from a year ago, which yielded GAAP earnings per share of $0.19 compared to a loss of $0.23 in the fourth quarter of 2009. During the quarter, we recorded $54 million in restructuring charges or $0.13 per share on an after-tax basis. This was higher than we had previously forecast as we accelerated a number of cost actions at each of our Manufacturing segments and corporate, which brings our restructuring program to an official close. Going forward, we do not expect to record restructuring costs as special charges, although we will certainly continue to pursue cost improvements as part of our ongoing business initiatives.  Moving back to the fourth quarter. Excluding special charges, EPS from continuing operations was $0.33 per share compared to $0.15 a year ago. One clarification. Fourth quarter EPS reflected an $0.08 per share benefit for settlement of a few international tax items as we discussed on our October call.  Moving to cash flow. Manufacturing operations generated $518 million in free cash flow during the quarter, bringing our full year amount to $692 million.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everyone. We capped off the year with a solid fourth quarter in terms of demand, strong operating performance of Bell and Systems and continued success in liquidating our non-captive Finance portfolio. Our cash flow was strong, primarily due to higher volumes in Cessna, Bell and Industrial. In the quarter, we took the opportunity to make a $350 million voluntary contribution to our pension plan and also made the first $300 million payment on TFC's $1.75 billion credit line. The most encouraging news in the quarter was a noticeable improvement in the demand environment for business jets, as well as commercial helicopters. At Cessna, we booked the highest number of quarterly gross jet orders since the third quarter of 2008. The improved commercial order flow also reflected, we believe, bonus depreciation provisions in the U.S. as well as a relatively stable global economic environment. Because we had inventory available, we were able to meet the increased spot demand of Cessna and delivered 79 business jets in the quarter, bringing our full year total to 179.  We were also encouraged with improvements in the used aircraft market as units for sale continues to trend in the right direction with Citation availability now down to 14.5% from 15.4% a year ago and a current cycle peak of 17.3%.  Business jet usage also continues to improve, and as a result, Cessna's aftermarket revenues increased 20% during the quarter. On the basis of these trends in the marketplace and the availability of bonus depreciation, we continue to believe that 2011 deliveries will be up slightly from 2010.  Moving to Bell. Overall performance continued to be solid, reflecting good management of overhead costs while we were continuing to ramp production volumes. On the commercial side, the strong demand environment led to 71 helicopter deliveries in the quarter, up from 50 in last year's fourth quarter and up from 24 in the third quarter this year. We also had good execution on the 429 program as we delivered 16 units in the quarter, bringing 2010 deliveries to 20.  We're encouraged with what we're seeing in the commercial helicopter industry, and we believe that Bell deliveries in 2011 will also be up slightly from the 131 which we delivered in 2010. On the military front, we delivered seven H-1s and seven V-22s. And importantly in the quarter, the Zulu attack version of the H-1 passed its op eval and was approved for full rate production in late November.  Staying with the military, Systems also had a solid quarter with revenues up about 5%, delivering 10.4% margins. Looking forward, we continue to believe Systems will generate top line growth despite pressures on the DoD budget, given the nature of our U.S. programs and international opportunities. For example, December, we were awarded a contract worth over $250 million to deliver 512 sensor fuzed weapons to India. We are also working on an initial contract for a foreign military sale of armored security vehicles that will start with production prototypes and deliveries this year. Moving to the Finance segment. We ended the year with another good quarter of liquidations, reducing managed receivables by $359 million at a cash conversion rate of 84%. This brings our full year reduction to $2.4 billion for the full year cash conversion of 91%. Our non-captive portfolio has been reduced to $2.3 billion, consisting of about $900 million in the Timeshare category, another $900 million in the Golf portfolio, with the balance in Structured capital and a few other miscellaneous categories.  Looking to 2011, we expect liquidations in the range of about $750 million to $1 billion, reflecting the smaller portfolio. Cash conversion ratios will also be lower, again, reflecting the nature of the remaining assets.  Moving to Industrial. Revenues were up 11.5%, reflecting growth in all four business units in the quarter, with particularly strong automotive demand. This resulted in a full year revenue growth rate in Industrial of 21%. We also had good conversion on higher revenue at Industrial during the year with full year margins expanding 510 basis points, for a total 6.4% for the year. Looking to 2011, we expect modest top line growth and continued margin expansion in the segment.  In summary, I believe 2010 was a good year, especially given the volatility we experienced in the global economic environment. We made great progress on our exit from the non-captive Finance business, generated strong cash flow and reduced our consolidated net debt to $5 billion from $7.4 billion last year. At Industrial, improved margins demonstrate our ability, as volumes return, to leverage the cost actions we've taken. Bell had a strong year performance, reflecting the attention we placed there on execution. And I believe we are positioned in both commercial aerospace businesses at Bell and Cessna for the market recovery that appears to have begun to materialize in these industries.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $184 million, up $54 million from the fourth quarter of 2009. Let's discuss the factors that drove the improvement, starting with Cessna. Cessna returned to profitability in the fourth quarter from a loss in the third quarter, generating $23 million in segment profit. However, this was down $5 million from a year ago despite revenues being up by about $100 million. This was primarily due to manufacturing inefficiencies related to lower production volumes, lower deposit forfeiture income and higher used aircraft write-downs.  At Bell, fourth quarter revenues were up $173 million, and segment profit increased $54 million. The increase in profits was helped by better performance in pricing in excess of inflation, partially offset by higher R&D and S&A expenses. At Systems, profits were down $10 million despite a $25 million increase in revenues, primarily due to lower pricing on ASVs, UAS mix and inflation. At Industrial, revenues were up $66 million, which drove a $7 million increase in segment profit. At Finance, our segment loss of $57 million was an $8 million improvement over Q4 of 2009, primarily due to lower loan loss provisions and portfolio losses, partially offset by lower interest margin on the reduced portfolio of finance receivables. Looking at the balance sheet, with cash flow from liquidations and other cash flows, we expect to pay down the balance of the TFC credit line in advance of its maturity in April of 2012. Additionally, we plan to have a new Textron backup credit line in place during the first half of this year. As Scott mentioned, we ended 2010 with a net debt balance of $5 billion, which reflects a two-year reduction of $6.9 billion. We're comfortable with the strength of our balance sheet and believe we will continue to improve on our position. Moving now to pensions, which can be found on Chart 7. Our pension cost in 2010 was $151 million, and we are projecting a 2011 level of about $185 million. This represents an approximate $0.04 per share headwind. These projections are based on a discount rate of 5.75% and assume the long-term rate of return of 8%, both of which are 50 basis points lower than 2010 assumptions. You can also see on the chart that a large portion of our cost is related to the amortization of actuarial losses.  Now turning to Chart 8, with respect to cash contributions. In 2010, we paid $417 million, which included mandatory payments of $67 million and the fourth quarter voluntary payment of $350 million. In 2011, we are planning to contribute about $250 million, with about $100 million of that being mandatory. Given the impact of voluntary contributions, going forward we will be providing cash flow guidance on the basis of manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions, and will continue to provide planned and actual pension contributions. Looking at Chart 8, we are projecting 2011 manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions in the range of $800 million to $850 million.  Looking at Slide 9 we are projecting our 2011 R&D budget will be about $500 million and a CapEx budget of about $430 million. Increases of 19% and 59%, respectively.  Moving to EPS on Chart 10. We are projecting 2011 EPS in the range of $1.00 to $1.15 per share, an increase of 23% to 42%.  To give you a sense of the underlying improvement in our business, take a look at Chart 11, which is a walk from our 2010 GAAP EPS from continuing operations of $0.30 to the midpoint of our 2011 guidance range. $0.51 of the improvement relates to the elimination of special charges and $0.24 reflects the lower Finance segment loss. We have $0.30 in headwinds from higher R&D and depreciation, $0.21 from the lack of one-time discrete tax items in 2011 and an increase in U.S. income, $0.04 from pension headwinds and $0.07 from a higher share count, primarily related to the dilution from our convertible debt, which means that the underlying Manufacturing business is producing an approximate $0.64 increase in earnings per share.  With that, I'll turn the call back over to Doug for some additional outlook details.
Douglas Wilburne: Thanks, Frank. Turning now to Chart 12. You can see that our outlook includes an estimate for corporate expenses of about $130 million and interest expense of about $145 million. Our 2011 tax rate increases to 31% from 11.8% last year, reflecting the items Frank just covered.  Moving now to Chart 13. This shows our projection for each of the segments in terms of revenue and profitability. On the Manufacturing side in the aggregate we're projecting revenue growth of about 12%. And at the midpoint, we are forecasting about a 15% increase in segment profit despite the headwinds that Frank just discussed. We're projecting a segment loss of about $140 million at Finance, which incidentally translates to about $0.29 on an EPS basis.  Flipping now to Chart 14. Our estimated fully diluted GAAP share count for next year is about 322 million shares. We base this estimate on an assumed average share price of about $27.50, which is not a forecast on our part, but just the assumed basis for purposes of calculating EPS guidance. Keep in mind that this GAAP share count is disadvantaged by the exclusion of the economic benefit of the purchased call option associated with the convertible debt that we issued in '09. For valuation purposes, we would suggest that the per share calculation should be based on a share count that includes the impact of the option. On that basis, we believe that about 298 million shares is the appropriate 2011 share count for valuation purposes. Just as a reminder, a dilution modeling spreadsheet is available in the IR section of our website. To wrap up then, we have several additional charts in the back of the presentation deck that we won't cover on the call but may be helpful to your analysis.  That then concludes our prepared remarks for today. And Leah, we're ready now to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Peter Skibitski with SunTrust.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: I guess the big thing that stuck out for me in the quarter is learning how to reconcile a pretty big revenue uptick at Cessna next year with the fact that backlog was down pretty sharply during the quarter.
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Peter. I think the way to think about Cessna for next year is that, again as we said, we're forecasting that we'll be up slightly in terms of our deliveries. I'd say we feel pretty good about that number right now. To be honest, we're not in a very different place than we were at the beginning of 2010 in terms of needing to have orders come in through the course of the year. But I think we sort of took a one-year delay here as we saw the market not recover as we expected in 2010. We're going to see that recover, we believe, in 2011. But it's mostly going to be the kind of a flow business. In other words, we did not see in '10, I would not expect to see in '11, a lot of positive backlog build because I believe most of the orders, most of the business will be transacting more in the near term. So it's not like we're going to see, I don't believe yet, in the cycle what you've seen in previous cycles where you have this huge build of backlog for demand out in future years. It is going to be more of a flow business. So even in an environment where you have positive net orders and are hitting the delivery rates we expect, I don't think you're going to see a big outyear order backlog build. So I don't know, at this stage of the cycle, watching backlog is probably not the right indicator in terms of how the year will play out.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: And then on the margin guidance for next year at Cessna, are you kind of anticipating pricing pressure? Is that kind of the big driver of the lower margin rate?
Scott Donnelly: No, it's not so much on the pricing side of it. It really is just that we're still talking about very low production rates. So we still have a lot of inefficiencies built into the system. Even at the numbers we're talking about, they really are the kind of levels of numbers that we were talking about as being the sort of the 2010 levels. With low production rates, and overhead absorption is challenging in that environment, I don't think you're going to get big positive pricing. But I think we see the pricing outlook right now as being fairly stable.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Is 200 a good number for Citations next year?
Scott Donnelly: I would think that would be more than slightly up.
Operator: Next we go to the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Can you just help us square the slightly up comment on units at Cessna versus the $3 billion in revenue, which would imply kind of a mid-teens revenue growth rate?
Scott Donnelly: I think that the unit number, Noah, we are going to have a stronger bias towards more light midsized next year than Mustang. So you're going to see the total unit volume number up slightly, and you're going to see a better mix in terms of revenue per aircraft.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So some mix and then presumably some good growth in the non-jet part of Cessna as well?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, we'll continue to see service grow. But I think a big part of it is you are going to see more of a mix towards light mid versus Mustang.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then, Scott, I wondered if you could maybe try to walk us through or describe the mentality of your customer that you're talking to today, because we've seen, as you say, inventory get better, utilization get better, the equity market has had a sustained rally, corporate profits are good. But we haven't really had that demand recovery yet. And presumably part of that is the political overhang or the do-more-with-less mentality, and so nobody wants to spend money. Can you maybe just talk about some of the conversations you're having with regard to how much those overhangs are starting to alleviate themselves, or just how your customer is thinking these days?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Noah. I think most of my feedback would be coming from talking to the sales guys here recently, and their mood is fairly positive. Obviously, they feel like they have some momentum coming out of a strong fourth quarter. Customer conversations continue to be very positive. I would say the political overhang has fallen off significantly. The fact that the used market has been picking up and running off aircraft and seeing some stability in pricing in that environment helps the current -- a lot of our customers because they already have an aircraft. And so the trade-in becomes more feasible or the ability for them to sell the aircraft becomes more feasible. The only caution I have is that these are -- this mood of the customer as being willing and having very detailed and serious discussion about working themselves towards actually placing an order, we saw that happening last spring as well. And I think, again, the political overhang didn't change, but just concern over the economy. When the euro crisis hit, it kind of set people back a bit, and so they backed off. And frankly, they stayed away for the better part of nine months, coming back towards the end of last year. So I'd say the mood is very positive with the sales folks. The conversations with customers are very good. We really do have a lot of customers who now are at a point where they are a year, two years, three years from when they would normally want to roll aircraft. So they're eager to get back into it. But again, the key factors are their ability to dispose of their current aircraft. And in that case, the used market becoming more viable is helping them. And I think the political overhang is largely gone at this point. So that's kind of my view of the mood of what's out there, Noah.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: The Systems revenue number implies double-digit revenue growth there. Can you just give us the kind of couple of bigger items that are driving the very good growth in that segment?
Frank Connor: The biggest driver's SFW.
Scott Donnelly: Yes, ASV is fairly stable, UAS is up a little bit, although with a more of a mix of refurbishments than new units this year. And we do expect to see an uptick in the SFW business. We obviously have current orders that we're delivering on, and we'll start to see some of this India order flow through this year as well.
Operator: And next we go to the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Scott, could you also just elaborate a little bit on kind of managing production in '11? Obviously, the term flow business is not something that people -- is there something you need to do different to work through that? Is it work in progress airplanes that need to be kind of at the ready? And just the ramifications on cash and supply chain as you work through that?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Joe. The way I'm looking at it right now is, as I said, it's not a lot different than it was last year, right? You're absolutely right. This is a business that used to building to a backlog. And the reality is, while there is some element to backlog and some number of aircraft that are spoken for, we're also at a large part at this point building to a forecast. So we took our best shot at that last year. It was kind of interesting as we went through the year, the view of the outside world is we were either building them and hoping people would buy them, or we were way underbuilding them. So it's anybody's guess. But we worked to a forecast. As we went through last year, as you guys know, we got a little bit nervous as we went through the mid-part of the year because the strength that we felt in the market, obviously, disappeared. So we got midway through the year, and we thought, geez, we're building too many airplanes. And then we saw November, December come in and turned out we built about the right number of airplanes. So we're in that exact same mode now this year. So we are building to a forecast. And it's the same way you'd run any other business. We sit down with the sales folks, and we try to understand where the market's going. And obviously, you have to do this on a model by model basis, and make an estimate about where we think it's going to come out. I'll say the exact same thing I said last year, which is my tendency at this point is I would err slightly towards having too many aircraft because if you get another run in December, which we had in '09 and now we've had in 2010, I want to make sure we have aircraft available. Now we're not going to go build tons of inventory, but if push comes to shove, we'll err a little bit on the side of having aircraft available. That worked for us this year, and I think we'll try to accomplish the same thing in 2011.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: And on Bell, just one question here on the current quarter and then thinking about next year. Frank, you mentioned performance in the margins. Is there some kind of performance award or something in there? 14% margin in Bell is, obviously, exceptional and you're not modeling that going forward. Is there a one-off of some sort there?
Frank Connor: No, there's no one-off there, Jeff. That's just reflective of the volume levels in that quarter, kind of spread across the base of Bell. So we're just benefiting from the volume increases. Obviously, the fourth quarter was a big quarter when you look at it kind of across the year.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: And then as we get further into the H-1 and V-22 ramp in '11 and '12, it looks like you're dealing with margin kind of mix pressure that you could conceive doesn't seem to be weighing on the business too significantly. What are the offsets there? Is it aftermarket? Is it the restructuring benefits? I just would have thought I would see a little bit more margin pressure as some of those big OE programs ramp up.
Frank Connor: Well, I'd say we are benefiting, certainly, from aftermarket. We're benefiting from just very good cost performance and restructuring activities across the business. And those programs are also performing very well. We've done a nice job of delivering kind of on contract, on schedule, and we are really benefiting from that additional volume across our base.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: And finally for me, I don't know if you've said it. But where's the funded status of the plan at year end?
Frank Connor: We're at about $1.3 billion.
Scott Donnelly: About $1.3 billion, yes.
Operator: And next we go to the line of Robert Stallard with Royal Bank of Canada.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Scott, I was wondering if you could help us with a couple of Cessna metrics, which could really give us a feel of how things are progressing. Notably, you had the whitetail situation shifted over the quarter, how much your slots have sold out in 2011, and what you think the book to bill might be this year.
Scott Donnelly: Well, Rob, I don't know if I want to do too many specific numbers in there. Obviously, as we were targeting through the year, we had some concerns as a result of the market being kind of soft through the course of the year that we would have a bunch of so-called whitetails toward the end of the year. Needless to say, the vast majority of those were sold or are now spoken for. So our inventory situation in terms of finished goods at the end of year came down significantly. Our order book in terms of the percent sold slots, as we've talked about, we kind of treat that as pretty competition sensitive information. But suffice to say that we're not in a situation very different than we were last year. So there's a fair number of aircraft that are sold, but there still requires some work to go here in terms of orders that need to convert to sales in 2011 to fill out our production plan and to hit our slight increase in unit volume. But again, as we sit here, as I said with Jeff, I mean, it is a forecast, but we feel like that's a forecast that we can hit, and we'll keep working that. Yes, on the book to bill, this thing is, I think on a backlog basis, is going to go sideways here for a while. You're not going to see -- I don't think we're at the phase yet in the cycle where you're going to start to see the demand get so strong that you're really pushing out and growing for future year delivery. So I think we'll continue to burn off some of that backlog for customers that are already in the order book and will take 2000 [sic] deliveries. And I think we'll be largely this year making orders that allows us to deliver our 2011 number that we give you. And of course, we'll have some future year, but of course there'll also be still some cancellations that will play in some of the outyears as well. So again, I think at this stage in the cycle, the backlog to me is not a number I look at a whole lot. I'm really looking at what's the current order run rates and how does that deliver on '11. And that's the information, frankly, that we'll look at as we go through the year that will help us, not only think about 2011, but also set our production run rate as we get towards the back half of the year into 2012.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Your comments on the end markets seem to suggest that the U.S. has done particularly well over the last couple of months. If you look more globally, how would you make any distinctions out there? Are you seeing a good recovery elsewhere as well?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think I would say that, clearly, the bonus depreciation program -- you always have some tax incentive buying that happens at the end of the year in the U.S., primarily, anyway. And I think the bonus depreciation helped to fuel that. But even outside the U.S., the stability in Europe, Asia, I mean just having the global economic markets to be pretty stable here for the last six months has resulted in some strength and order flow starting to come out of those regions. So we did see a stronger bias here in the fourth quarter towards U.S. orders, and I would say largely because of the bonus depreciation coming out. But we also saw a reasonable order flow from the rest of the world. And again, I think that's just, generally speaking, the economic environment has been pretty stable here for the last six months.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And just finally at Bell, you saw a strong quarter for FMS sales there. What helicopter does that relate to, and how do you expect that to progress next year?
Scott Donnelly: Our FMS stuff usually is a blend between 412s and 407s, and I would expect that to continue going forward.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of David Strauss with UBS.
David Strauss - UBS Investment Bank: The R&D pickup and the CapEx pickup, can you give some color there, what exactly is going on, maybe split it up by business, what's the big driver of both of the pickups in both of those things?
Scott Donnelly: Sure. The vast majority of that is Cessna and Bell. We have announced, obviously, the Citation Ten at Cessna. We haven't announced specific programs. But as we have talked about, we do have a number of upgrade programs and a couple of clean slate aircraft programs that are underway at Cessna. Similarly at Bell, we have a number of upgrade programs. Some that have been announced, some that will be announced shortly, as well as some work that we're doing to sort of add-on to the family of helicopters at Bell. So as you look into 2011, and going forward, the level of R&D activity at Cessna and Bell is up significantly. That's the bulk of the number. So there's a modest increase in Industrial with some new product planned, and Systems is fairly stable at this point, I'd say.
Douglas Wilburne: And then, David, the CapEx is tooling and other spending related to those programs that Scott described.
David Strauss - UBS Investment Bank: And then on V-22. Obviously, you're under a multiyear contract, which gives you a fair amount of protection from any potential cancellation of the perm. But how do you feel about the potential risk that, given pressures on the budget, that the Marine Corps could look to stretch out the program and rather than rates continuing to go higher, maybe actually even drop or just flatten out?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I can tell you that, I mean, there's a lot of uncertainty, David. I'm always reluctant to say anything definitive here about the Defense Budget. We all know there's a lot going on right now in the Pentagon. But at least so far, the discussions around V-22 have been as they have been the last couple of years, which is the Marine Corps demand, the Air Force demand, the utilization of this air vehicle. It's a very, very unique asset, and we have not seen any indications from our customer about a desire to slow down or change the program of record for the aircraft. So it's just all I can tell you as of now, that is not something that's been put on the table in terms of a budget issue.
David Strauss - UBS Investment Bank: And last one for me, the smaller loss at TFC, obviously, the portfolio is strong. But what are you assuming for loss provisioning and just losses in the portfolio in 2011?
Scott Donnelly: I mean, obviously, we've done a lot of loss provisioning here over the last couple years with many of these assets, particularly in the Golf and the Timeshare world. But we are expecting that, net this year, we're going to see something probably around that $140 million of losses flow through the business.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse.
Alexander Virgo: It's Alex Virgo for Julian. I guess I just wanted to dig a little deeper on the incrementals at Cessna. If you could talk about maybe an update on the production shift in Mexico and give us maybe some color on how we should think about that this year.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean, specifically around the Mexico, that transition continues. We've made a lot of progress in terms of facilities. We've moved a number of items down there. So we're continuing to develop the workforce. And that program that we announced in terms of part of our overall restructuring has been moving full speed ahead. And that's true with Cessna, as well as Bell.
Alexander Virgo: And in terms of how we should think about incrementals at Cessna this year?
Scott Donnelly: In terms of the revenue line outs or...
Alexander Virgo: I guess I'm just trying to get a little bit more detail on how we can go from a very good top line guide to I guess slightly lighter than maybe we had expected on the bottom line.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think, Alex, depending how you're looking at it, the thing that's really going to continue to be a drive for us is we are not going to see in 2011 a significant change in our production run rates. And so when you look at overhead absorption, inefficiencies in the factory, it does not have a marked change in '11 from '10 because the underlying production run rates are not significantly different. So there's a lot of stuff that we've been doing, obviously, on the cost front, but we also at some point need to have some volume grow to drive some efficiencies through those factories, in addition to, obviously, the transitions we're making in trying to put places in lower labor costs. But I think if you look at 2011, people do have to keep in mind, we are still running at very low production run rates.
Operator: Next we move to the line of Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank.
Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank AG: I was wondering if you could size, in Cessna in the quarter, the headwind on deposit forfeitures and used aircraft write-downs. And also on the used sides, what you're looking for in terms of -- or building in any headwind there or write-downs there into next year's guidance?
Frank Connor: So for the quarter, the forfeiture number was $5 million relative to $17 million a year ago. And used aircraft write-downs was $9 million, and there was no used aircraft write-down a year ago. So those are kind of the headwind numbers, so $20 million-plus of headwind. In terms of this year, we kind of planned the year without a lot of kind of headwind related to used or benefit of forfeiture. Frankly, we kind of, we planned it expecting those would offset each other.
Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank AG: And then with respect to TFC, I know it's beyond the current forecast, but is it potentially in the cards for a breakeven in '12? Or does that look more like a '13 event at this point?
Frank Connor: Well, as we've talked about, we think that this process is going to go on for a while, and we've always talked about kind of being able to liquidate within our capital cushion and having some excess available. And if you run through those numbers, it does not suggest a breakeven in 2012. So it suggests that we will continue to have losses at TFC in 2012. As we continue to wind it down, we think obviously that loss curve is going to continue to decline and decline quite rapidly, reflective of this year's numbers relative to last year's numbers. But we do expect that it will continue to be a drag on the non-captive business in 2012. The captive business, we will expect kind of will be around kind of breakeven-ish type levels for this year, and then we are working towards, obviously, profitability out in the '12 and beyond time frame.
Myles Walton - Deutsche Bank AG: And last one for me, with respect to the backlog at Cessna, are you starting or can you give some color around the order uptake you're seeing on the Citation Ten? And also, is the CJ4 still about 40% of that backlog or has that significantly moved around?
Scott Donnelly: So around Citation Ten, we have a lot conversations going on with a number of Citation Ten, both prospective customers as well as a number of fleet operators, guys that want a number of Tens. And really this program is kind of aimed a lot around that community, in giving them an upgrade path as they go forward. So those conversations are in process as we speak. And overall, the reception is kind of exactly what we expect it to be and very well-received. In terms of the backlog percent at CJ4, I don't know that I have that number in front of me. I will tell you that CJ4 is ramping through production volumes in 2011 as we expected it to do. So we saw about 18 in this year and that will elevate as we go forward.
Operator: Next we go to the line of Cai Von Rumohr with Cowen and Company.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: The number of the pre-owned Cessna in production planes as a percent of the population came down a lot in the January numbers, some 80 bps sequentially. And one of the avionics suppliers indicates that the number of whitetails, of which you're a major part of the fleet, went from 65 at the end of September to 10. Is that guidance essentially representative of the pattern of what you saw? And with those two metrics, it would suggest that, basically, demand got a lot better toward the end of the year. Some of that's seasonality. But can you comment sort of how things went throughout the quarter and kind of the pricing environment must be substantially less gory today than it was going into the fourth quarter. Is that correct?
Scott Donnelly: I think most of what you just said is true, Cai. I mean, there's a lot of different people saying a lot of different things about what's going on in the business jet world out there. But the phenomenon that we saw absolutely was we forecasted a year and ran a production run rate based around that. It was not linear by any stretch of the imagination, right? It disappointed for easily the first nine months of the year versus what we would have expected the recovery to look like as we went into last year. But it finished the year very strong. And so the whitetails that we were very nervous about -- and as I said before, we took the inventory risk on doing that as we went through the year because we can't build these things in short cycle. We need to sort of forecast them and build to that. We caught up a fair number of those things as we went really through November and December. And as you say, there is a natural cyclicality to this thing, but obviously it was much stronger in terms of the strength of that cycle in the last couple of months than you would normally expect. And that did kind of bring our total year forecast and inventory views and whatnot back pretty close to where we expect them to be as a result of the strength in November, December.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: Your current discussions with potential customers, is the pricing environment, I would think it would be a little bit better today than it was kind of in the October time frame. Is that correct?
Scott Donnelly: I think it's better than it has been through the course of the year. I mean, I think there were some cases where people were out there trying to move aircraft at any cost. And so if people were really looking to try to get a bottom of the cycle pricing deal done, they were trying to do that as we went through the mid-part, early to mid-part of this year. So yes, I would say that pricing did firm up a little bit as we went into the last couple months, and we would hope that and expect to see some price firming as we go forward through 2011. I think it's part of the natural course of the cycle.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: If you look at your R&D, while it was down last year and actually down the year before, the biggest chunk is at Cessna, and basically its volume has come down a lot. Is it fair to estimate that your R&D to sales ratio at Cessna was up some 100 to 200 bps last year and will be up another 50 or so this year? Is that the pattern, because that's what it looks like?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, it is, Cai. The numbers we're giving you obviously are absolute numbers. But it's safe to say that the Cessna numbers are at a very high level compared to historicals and growing in terms of percent of sales. But we think this is a necessary action for us to take because, again, the market does go through these cycles and the development cycle of an aircraft does not fit well in these cycles. And so we're clearly in a situation where, to make the right investments and do the right things in anticipation of the needs of the business going forward are just not lining up with where we happen to be in the cycle. And I think from a mid- to long-term perspective for the business, we need to go invest in these programs. And that is, for sure, driving very high R&D as a percent of sales numbers and putting some headwind on the margin. But it's numbers. And we've talked a little before, I think it's something we need to go do and, obviously, we're pulling the trigger on that.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: Last question. Industrial, while it was up year-over-year, the margins were down fairly substantially from the third quarter. And kind of looking back over prior years, some years the fourth quarter was better than the third with the auto shutdown, and some it wasn't. Was there anything weird in that? Why was it down as much as it was from the third?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean, there is some -- as you note, there is some natural cyclicality in terms of the margin rates in the fourth quarter and what's going on with the OEMs and whatnot. But we did have, in this quarter, a couple of situations where we've had warranty issues that had been hanging out there with a couple of key customers for some time. And in my view, you always have these debates back and forth as to who's responsible. And the bottom line is a couple of these have been hanging out there for some time. I don't think it helps our customer relationship having these things out there, and we chose to go ahead and resolve a couple of them in the quarter.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC: And approximately how big was the warranty cleanup in the fourth quarter, and is there still an overhang going forward?
Scott Donnelly: I don't think I want to put the number out there specifically, but it was a couple specific items. And I would say, I don't see -- I mean, we always have warranty issues that are there and accrued and reserved and whatnot. And I don't see any particular significant ones going forward. There's always going to be warranty issues coming in and out of that business. But I wouldn't expect that a couple items we resolved in the fourth quarter would tend to repeat themselves.
Operator: And next we go to the line of Heidi Wood with Morgan Stanley.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: Actually, I want to dovetail off of some of Cai's questions. Just to be clear, when does R&D peak for Cessna? Is it in '11 or is it in '12?
Scott Donnelly: I think probably, Heidi, it's more like in the '12, '13 time frame. We actually, to be honest, spent a little bit less than we expected this year. But it's mostly driven by the fact we were just bringing people on board and ramping up the programs. Next year, the number steps up significantly, in part because those programs are on our ramp. And in part, as Frank indicated, we get to the point here now where you get the program mature to the point where you're building prototypes and you're going to start flight testing. So I think that, in terms of modeling this thing, '11 is certainly not the peak. Both Cessna and Bell, you'll see it ramp up through '11 and continue to see it ramp from '12 into '13 as we really enter into the kind of programs peaking in terms of their consumption of resources in terms of both expense and capital as we build prototypes and really enter into flight test programs.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: And then is it fair then, as we think of NBAA '11 that, that's where we'll see the product introduction that would explain the higher R&D in '12 and '13 then?
Scott Donnelly: Heidi, the one thing I'd point out is that, how we choose and when we choose to make the commercial announcement out to the marketplace is really going to be more based upon our view of the receptiveness of the market and ready to start to generate orders as opposed to the state of the program. I mean, as you know, sometimes people will go out and announce aircraft that aren't going to deliver until five years from now. And in a very strong market, maybe that makes sense to do that, and you generate a bunch of backlog and orders. But I think at this point, we're going to be more based on what we think the market environment is and how much order generation will that drive as opposed to necessarily the maturity of where the program is. So we'll drive the programs full speed ahead and make the commercial announcements when we think the receptivity in the market is at the right time.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: And then a last part following on that, Scott, and to a bigger picture strategy question for you. Can you remind us about your thoughts about the future of the Cessna brand? I mean, you canceled Columbus. It looks like you're somewhat ceding some market share to this new entrant, Embraer, that has, obviously, ambitions to offer product across the various niches. So how do you feel is the best way to defend against their sort of broader product strategy approach towards attacking your market?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Heidi, I mean, that's really what's driving, unfortunately, and part of what drove Columbus, was we saw a shift in the marketplace at that time. We understood the market settling down. We also understand that as that market comes back, you do see new entrants like Embraer, and they're dropping some new aircraft in the market where our aircraft historically have lived. And that's part of what's driving a lot of the investments that we're making. So we see the Mustang has been hugely successful. The CJ4 is having a ton of success in the market. But we also know that, as they come into those spaces, as well as up with the 450, 500, that we need to make the right investments, and again, both upgrades as well as clean slate aircraft, in that core space. And so that's why we've decided on really given where the market is, we need to make the investments in that light to midsized jet market and put off to another day any expansion of that portfolio into the larger aircraft like you would look at with a Columbus.
Operator: Next we go to the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Ronald Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch: More Cessna questions. Scott, when we go into this next upturn, how do you expect the pricing environment to be, be it that there are more competitors in the market. And do you think the pricing environment for business jets will be tougher?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think, I guess almost by definition, if you've got new competitors, you're going to have tougher pricing. I still think this is a market that, when you look at the cost basis out there given the global supply environment, a lot of the key people, it's hard to see that one competitor versus another is going to have some radical different cost basis than the other guys. I mean, we largely buy propulsion from the same environment, buy avionics from the same different suppliers. It is kind of a global cost base, if you will. And obviously, in the places where there's labor differentiation, we're taking action to make sure that we're not disadvantaged there. But this is a market that, historically, has been pretty rational in terms of pricing, and I would expect it to be that way. I think we shouldn't have expectations over the next few years that you're going to see pricing like you saw in '05, '06, '07, where you had this massive supply and demand imbalance going on. But would I expect that we'll see some pricing return to the marketplace? Yes, I do.
Ronald Epstein - BofA Merrill Lynch: I think in your remarks before you mentioned that there's been discussions with kind of the traditional fleet buyers. I'm assuming they're the fractional operators, I mean, do you see them back into the market again?
Scott Donnelly: Well, when I'm talking about our customers, I'm really talking more about corporate operators, guys that have multiple fleets, as well as investment driver fleet obviously, which are the single-owner type operators. Those are the folks that are looking at the roll. I think the fractional guys are going to have a similar challenge. But frankly, right now, there's more capacity out there than there needs to be. So I think most of the folks right now in the fractional world is going to be how do you consume that capacity over the next two or three years before people start thinking about really feeling pressured to do a lot of fleet renewal.
Operator: Next we go to the line of Carter Copeland with Barclays Capital.
Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers: Just one quick sort of follow-up on the Bell commercial demand. And your discussion of Cessna demand progression over the course of the year was really helpful. I wonder if you could provide us some sort of similar color on what you're seeing in terms of discussions with your customers, what sort of buried into the outlook for 2011? Some of your peers have said they expect '11 to be weak and '12's where they really get the recovery. What are you seeing, and how do you expect that to progress over the year?
Scott Donnelly: This is on the Bell side?
Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers: Yes, Bell commercial.
Scott Donnelly: Well, Bell was more stable on the commercial side, I would say, than Cessna was. We saw continued strength in emergency medical services and areas like that. So it was not as cyclical or quite as much change over the course of the year. Although as we finished, I'd say we finished pretty strong and feel pretty good about the market. The Bell, of course, the fourth quarter were also driven by the fact that we have the 429 coming in, right? So production rates are ramping up on that, deliveries grew dramatically in the fourth quarter, and we expect them to grow significantly as we go through 2011. So that helps a lot in terms of our view of having a stronger 2011 than we did '10. So I'm not sure. I haven't read what some of the other guys are saying. But I guess my view is we still see '11 as modestly better than we saw in 2010, and the market continuing to strengthen going through '12. But I certainly don't see or have any indication or belief in the market that we see to believe that 2011 should be softer than 2010 in terms of demand for commercial helicopters.
Frank Connor: And we've been saying that for a while. That's not new news. We did have a stronger fourth quarter, to some extent, than we expected, and we're still expecting to be up slightly from there for '11. And so that's really consistent.
Operator: Next we have a question from the line of Steve Levenson with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Stephen Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Have you given any thought to consolidating or packaging the remaining non-captive finance receivables and monetizing them in some way?
Scott Donnelly: Was that an offer?
Stephen Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Not from me. Not my business.
Scott Donnelly: No, I think I would say that we don't see a market out there right now where the types of assets we have appeals to some buyer that would say, hey, we're interested in doing a deal for this whole asset class. I do think that as we go forward, whereas we've had a lot of the run-off to date has been our Distribution Finance business, which is relatively short cycle and moving out and small bits of our ABL moving out, that as we go forward there may or may not be opportunities to sell pieces of the portfolio. And obviously, we have people talk to us and we talk to people all the time about bits of that. But I think if anything like that happens, it's going to be in pieces of the portfolio. I really don't envision any buyer or the financial service entity out there that would want to take on the whole breadth of the asset classes that we have.
Stephen Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And can you talk for a minute with the general aviation rules changing some in China, what you see as the opportunities there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, most of the talk right now is around opening what we would consider relatively low airspace. So they're talking about 1,000 or even 3,000 meters and below. So this is really a market that is good for that country to start to build GA because it really does open up air space for people to learn to fly. You're talking about primarily single-engine prop aircraft, which is obviously part of our market and very good position there today. But I think to see it really drive a lot more general aviation with respect to the jet business, you're going to have to see more liberalization of the en route flying at 30,000, 40,000 feet like you do in the rest of the world. And there's a lot of talk about doing that, and I think they are making progress on trying to make that happen. But most of the stuff you read in the papers, when they're saying GA and opening up airspace, this is low-altitude airspace, which is also good for helicopters. So I think that's a segment that's seeing the growth more immediately.
Operator: Next is the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Sorry if I missed this. Did you guys talk about what the absolute order number was in the quarter for units?
Scott Donnelly: No, you didn't miss it. But we haven't been doing that.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then just on realized price at Cessna in the quarter, was that up or down?
Scott Donnelly: Actually, there was some slight price realization.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And so you would expect that to continue into 2011?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, I do, Steve. I think that the commercial price that we've seen has stabilized, and I would expect some modest improvements to that as we go forward. Again, I don't think we should go back and model what we saw in the heyday because supply-demand is clearly more aligned at this point, but I do think we'll see some continued price stability and maybe some modest improvement.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then one last one. Where would you see the first quarter play out from a delivery perspective? Or is there anything, I guess, from a higher level that we should think about with regards to the first quarter for total Textron, if there's anything unusual seasonally or you're just not getting some delivery at Cessna into the fourth quarter? I just want to make sure that everybody's kind of on the same page about what happens here seasonally in the first quarter.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think you should expect, from a Cessna perspective, a soft first quarter. I mean, the first quarter is generally pretty soft, and it's not driven by any desire -- we had to pull things in necessarily but, obviously, you always get some tax incentive stuff happen in the fourth quarter. So I would think as you look at 2011 in total, it's going to start soft, but that's our plan would be to start soft. So I would not expect great things from Cessna in terms of earnings contributions in Q1, if that's kind of where you're going.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So you'll lose money in Cessna Q1?
Scott Donnelly: In all likelihood, yes.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And nothing else in the other businesses?
Scott Donnelly: Nothing in particular, I don't think.
Frank Connor: The other thing I'd just say in terms of the quarterly progression is keep in mind that Systems, given the kind of timing of SFW shipments, there's going to be kind of lumpiness and volatility in and around their quarterly results.
Operator: And our last question will come from the line of Jason Gursky with Citigroup.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Inc: I was wondering if you could just generally talk or characterize the contracting environment on the Systems side, and generally just with the DoD, and talk a little bit about potential margin outlook over time for the Systems business and your interactions with the DoD on margins? And then, as well on the pace of program awards and whether we're continuing to see, just generally speaking, program award delays or whether we're seeing that process play itself out now and seeing a normalization of program awards?
Scott Donnelly: Well, in terms of price negotiation, is there a heightened sensitivity in the Pentagon [indiscernible]? Absolutely. But as we've had negotiations and we work our way through it, I think by and large, we're ending up in a position that's a fair price on the contracts that we're negotiating. In terms of the time and the difficulty with getting contracts definitized, it is continuing to be extraordinarily slow. In fact, the use of what they refer to as an undefinitized contract authorization in order to get work going has become virtually standard because you just can't get through the audits associated with a negotiation for a contract. They just stay open for very, very long periods of time. It's enormously counterproductive. It's driving a lot of cost in the business. I think it's driving an enormous amount of cost in the government. And that process is, in my view, just horribly flawed. But eventually you do get there and you end up with a contract.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Inc: Would you characterize that, the latter part of your statement there, is continuing to get worse or is it kind of it is what it is and it's not necessarily getting worse or it's not necessarily getting better?
Scott Donnelly: It's certainly not getting better.
Douglas Wilburne: All right. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is available for digitized replay after 10:00 p.m. Eastern Time today through April 19 at midnight. You may access the AT&T replay service at any time by calling 1 (800) 475-6701 and enter the access code of 138126. International participants may dial (320) 365-3844. That does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for using AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-20 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Wilburne - VP of IR Scott Donnelly - President and CEO Frank Connor - CFO
Analysts: Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners David Strouse - UBS Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Ron Epstein - Bank of America Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Steve Levenson - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Welcome to the Textron third quarter earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions.] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Doug Wilburne. Please go ahead. 
Doug Wilburne: Thanks, operator, and good morning everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention that we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's chairman and CEO; and Frank Connor, our chief financial officer. We're originating today's call from the National Business Aviation Association conference in Atlanta. Scott and Frank are here meeting with customers and industry participants. Our customary earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Moving now to third-quarter results, which appear on slide 3 of the presentation, revenues in the quarter were $2.5 billion, down 2.7% from a year ago, which yielded a GAAP loss per share from continuing operations of $0.17. This compares to income of $0.02 per share a year ago.  During the quarter we recorded $0.30 in special charges. $0.25 of this amount related to the wind-down of TFC's Canadian operation, which we discussed on our second-quarter call. This non-cash charge eliminated the balance of a cumulative currency translation account, which was triggered because TFC's Canadian operation reached a substantially liquidated basis during the quarter. The remaining $0.05 of special charges was related to restructuring cost. Third-quarter earnings from continuing operations, excluding these charges, were $0.13 per share compared to $0.12 a year ago. Manufacturing operations generated $157 million in free cash flow during the quarter, bringing the year-to-date amount to $174 million, which compares to last year's nine-month cash flow of $68 million. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks Doug, and good morning everyone. Since we are here at NBAA, let me just reflect briefly on the mood of the show. I would say that generally speaking, customers appear to be more optimistic and positive than they were ago at the show. Many customers as you talk to them are reaching a point now where they're a year or two beyond what their normal replacement and upgrade cycle would be, so I think we have a fair number of customers who are genuinely looking at getting back into the market.  And so while I'll say it's probably too early to conclude whether this really will be a turning point in the business jet order environment, we are encouraged by the level of customer interest. The recently passed U.S. bonus depreciation bill was certainly a positive factor, and we'll see how much this helps to drive sales.  As we all know, new product announcements also stimulate demand in the business jet market. In that regard, we unveiled our new Citation 10 aircraft earlier this week and it is generating significant attention at the show. The new 10 is a really remarkable aircraft with attractive new features, which we believe will reinvigorate demand for this uniquely capable jet. The new 10 will be 15 inches longer and equipped with a set of new Rolls Royce engines that will be more powerful and efficient. As a result, the 10 will be able to fly farther and faster and with more payload. Other features include new winglets, the entirely new Garmin 5000 avionics suite, a redesigned cabin with new interiors and cabin appointments, a new fiber optic-based cabin management system including the latest options for greater in-flight productivity and connectivity.  We're particularly excited about the advanced technology incorporated with this special aircraft and the improved performance characteristics that will give our customers a more efficient and productive aircraft and cabin that are designed to meet the demanding requirements of business travel. So as we move back to the industry conditions, as we discussed on our last call order activity in the business jet market slowed in June and we did not see activity recover into July or August. In September, activity did pick up somewhat, as you would normally expect, and we ended the quarter with new order value exceeding the value of cancellations, although our book to build did remain below one. On the delivery front, we shipped 26 jets, compared to 68 a year ago. With this continued weakness in demand environment, last month we announced headcount and production cuts as we seek to reduce overhead costs and reduce our production build rate at Cessna. On the other hand, lead indicators are improving, or at least remaining stable. For example, average daily utilization rate increased to 0.69 hours from 0.68 in the second quarter, and 0.66 in the first quarter, and this is the highest level we've seen since December of 2008. Also, the FAA three month rolling average for takeoffs and landings were up in both July and August. As a result Cessna's aftermarket revenues were also up for the quarter, 11% on a year-over-year basis. Previously owned Citations available for sale remained flat at 15.1%. With respect to our outlook for the fourth quarter, we expect a significant increase in deliveries from the third quarter, the vast majority of which are already in our backlog. As a result, Cessna should return to profitability in the fourth quarter. In the industrial segment, revenues were up nearly 15% as auto turf care and tool sales remained resilient through the summer months. In fact, our organic growth at industrial for the quarter was over 18%. Looking to the fourth quarter, we believe the year-over-year growth rate in industrial will continue, but at a more moderate rate as we run into more traditional comparisons.  At E-Z-GO, we've been working to expand our presence in the consumer and industrial vehicle market. Last week we agreed to purchase an electric 4x4 hunting and outdoor recreation vehicle product line, which adds to our specialty vehicle line and expands our distribution reach in that segment. Moving to the finance segment, we had another good quarter of liquidations. If you look at slide four in the presentations, you can see that we reduced managed receivables by $627 million. This brings total reductions since the beginning of 2009 to $5.8 billion. Distribution of finance was the largest area of reduction at $280 million, and $75 million of liquidations was generated from our timeshare business as about 50% of that portfolio is now in the amortizing phase. As we look at the full year, we're targeting a total liquidation of $2.4 billion, which will bring us to a two-year reduction of nearly $6.2 billion. On slide five, you can see cash conversion came in at 94% for the quarter, bringing our year-to-date rate to 92%. We expect the liquidation pace and cash conversion rates will decrease going forward as most of the high turnover, high conversion assets, namely those in our distribution, finance and asset-based lending businesses have been substantially liquidated.  In terms of credit performance, we saw a reduction in 60-day delinquencies, from $385 million to $357 million, while non-accruals were flat at $876 million. While this trend is encouraging and reflects improvement in the general credit market, we do project 60-day delinquencies will go up in the fourth quarter as a couple of large timeshare accounts, which are already classified as non-accrual, are expected to become delinquent. Charge-offs in the quarter were $26 million, down from $57 million in the second quarter. Moving to Textron Systems, revenues were down sequentially, primarily related to the timing of international SFW shipments. We expect fourth quarter revenues will benefit from another significant SFW shipment, similar to what occurred in the second quarter. Because customer acceptance of deliveries on international contracts like this one is often done on a lot basis, we do expect we will see some lumpiness in the revenue in this area. Backlog was essentially flat at $1.6 billion. Margins did come down sequentially, primarily driven by lower pricing on new U.S. government ASV contracts and lower international sales on SFW shipments. We continue to pursue a diverse set of opportunities, both domestically and internationally. For example, we recently won a contract to provide ground control stations for the U.S. Army's long-range, long-endurance, multi-intelligence vehicle, the LEMV program. Wrapping up with Bell, we had a good quarter, both in terms of top line growth and operational execution. On the military side, we delivered seven V-22s and five H-1s. Performance on both programs continues to improve as we ramp up production. This benefitted our profit margins for the quarter, as we recorded positive program adjustments reflecting this trend. On the H-1 program, the attack version, also known as the Super Cobra, was declared operationally effective and suitable, and we expect to have a full-rate production decision next month.  Moving to the commercial side of the business, we delivered 24 units, including four of our new 429 model. We continue to see significant customer activity and interest in Bell products. For example, there was clearly high interest last week at the Air and Medical Transport Conference, where we booked orders for 32 new helicopters from three of the largest medical transport service providers in the industry, with the potential for additional opportunities from these and other customers. Our 429 program is progressing, with customer demonstrations around the world that generated new orders. In fact we are pleased that we have signed our first 429 customer in the People's Republic of China. So the overall outlook at Bell this year and beyond is strong in both our commercial and military businesses. So to sum up the quarter, we think our results again demonstrate the earnings power of the company despite continued weakness in the business jet market. As we indicated on our second quarter call, a positive business jet order trend appeared to be emerging earlier this year. However, that trend stalled in June, moving the market's recovery to the right, in my view probably about six to nine months from what we would have anticipated. Bonus depreciation and some stability in global economic expansion should provide a more positive environment for increased order activity going forward. Our systems business continues to execute on its programs as we pursue several significant international opportunities. Our industrial businesses continue to perform well as our markets recover.  Bell is successfully executing its military programs, and we're seeing increased activity in the commercial sector, which should lead to solid growth over the foreseeable future. And in finance, we've made excellent progress liquidating receivables. Cash we've generated has allowed us to make substantial improvements in our capital structure. And with that, I'll turn it over to Frank to provide some financial details for the quarter.
Frank Connor : Thanks Scott and good morning everyone. Now, turning to slide eight, let's examine the factors that drove results in the quarter, which yielded a $0.01 year-over-year increase in EPS before special items. Inflation came in at a 2.3% rate, which reduced earnings by $0.12 per share in the quarter, while positive pricing of 0.7% provided a $0.04 benefit. The combined impact of volume and mix cost $0.11 per share. Increased pension expense was $0.04. Our restructuring and execution focus netted a cost performance benefit of $0.20. TFC's reduced losses benefitted the quarter by $0.03 and interest expense, taxes, and other miscellaneous items collectively provided $0.01 per share.  Now, starting with Cessna, let's look at the results for each of the business segments. Cessna's revenues decreased $290 million in the third quarter, reflecting lower deliveries. These decreases were partially offset by higher aftermarket revenues, which were up about 11.5%. Segment profit decreased $63 million due to the lower deliveries, partially offset by lower expenses. These performance benefits were somewhat offset by lower deposit forfeiture income as a result of fewer order cancellations. Cessna backlog ended the third quarter at $3.4 billion, down $321 million from the end of the second quarter. Turning to Bell, revenues increased $197 million in the third quarter. U.S. government revenues increased $172 million, due to higher V-22 and H-1 deliveries. Commercial revenues increased $25 million due to higher aftermarket volume, improved pricing, and favorable mix. Segment profit increased $28 million due to higher overall volume and favorable program adjustments based on improved operational performance. These were partially offset by a gain on a foreign currency exchange contract recorded in 2009, higher research and development costs, and higher selling and administrative expenses. Bell backlog decreased $537 million from the end of the second quarter to $6.5 billion. Moving to Textron Systems, revenues decreased $42 million, primarily due to lower volume. Segment profit decreased $18 million due to the lower volume, pricing, and unfavorable mix. Textron Systems backlog at the end of the third quarter was $1.6 billion, essentially flat with the end of the second quarter. At industrial, revenues increased $77 million, due to higher volume, partially offset by an unfavorable foreign exchange impact. Segment profit increased $31 million due to higher volume and improved cost performance, partially offset by higher inflation. At finance, consistent with our ongoing liquidation of the non-captive business, segment revenues decreased $12 million. Finance segment loss improved $13 million, reflecting lower net portfolio losses, loan loss provisions, and selling and administrative expenses, partially offset by the impact of lower average finance receivables, lower accretion from previous mark to market adjustments, and a higher interest rate on debt and the non-recurrence of gains on debt extinguishment.  Now moving to a few corporate items. Corporate expenses were $35 million, down $8 million from a year ago, primarily reflecting lower corporate headcount. One quick comment on special charges. Looking at slide nine, as you can see we are still estimating full-year special charges of about $0.40 per share. However, the mix has changed slightly. The Canadian currency translation adjustment that we recorded this quarter was less than our previous estimate due to changes in the exchange rate, and we are now projecting some additional restructuring costs associated with our downsizing activities. With respect to our balance sheet, as announced last month we have repaid the remainder of Textron's bank line in the third quarter, and we now expect to begin to repay the TFC bank line beginning in the fourth quarter. Our consolidated net debt balance is now $5.4 billion and we expect to reduce it further by the end of the year. Turning to our outlook on slide 10. During the fourth quarter we expect a few non-recurring international tax related items that will benefit income by about $0.08 per share. The exact amount will depend upon prevailing exchange rates. Including this impact, our full-year 2010 outlook for EPS from continuing operations, before special charges, is now expected to be $0.70 to $0.75 a share. Our free cash flow from manufacturing operations outlook for the year is at least $400 million. That concludes our prepared remarks for today. Operator, we're now ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions.] And first we go to the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: So at Cessna can you tell us where the forfeitures offset by used aircraft losses and was the R&D up from the second quarter?
Frank Connor : Cai, we had a little bit higher residual value runoff than we had deposit forfeitures, because the cancellation rates have been down. So we didn't have a lot that went into the forfeitures but we did have some adjustments across the whole balance of the portfolio in terms of used aircraft that we did some residual write-downs. But [inaudible] Cai, [inaudible] a few million dollars. It's not a big number.
Cai von Rumohr -: And I know you announced the Citation 10. It looks like that's a relatively modest upgrade, just the cabin while it's longer, it's not wider. Can you comment at all on other new products that we might look for over the next 12 months?
Frank Connor : Well let me first say that the Citation 10 is a pretty unique aircraft, and always has been. A 15-inch stretch, a brand new cockpit, and the dramatic refresh in both the interior as well as the winglets and things like that have actually been - it's a pretty major makeover to the aircraft, and customer response has been very strong to it. So they're pretty impressed with it.  But the issue that I can also address around other new products is clearly we have a number of things in the pipeline that are other pretty significant refreshes as well as some clean-sheet aircraft, and we'll be announcing those, Cai, sort of as we go from show to show here over the next 18 months to two years as these programs are getting closer to launch and we're confident that it's the right time in terms of market receptivity to announce it.  So the 10 we have not done an upgrade to that program really almost ever, so it was really time to do it and that's why that's the first one that we've announced out of the gate, but clearly there are others that are in there and we'll make those announcements as the time's appropriate at ensuing shows.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners: Just a couple things on Cessna first. Scott, can you give us some indication of the bump in deliveries that we should expect into Q4? And I guess more importantly, the essence of my question is just managing production and the factory as you exit '10 to prepare yourself for whatever '11 is, you're probably not prepared to give us '11 guidance here on the call, but trying to think about loading the factory here at year end and the throughput in the factory and what that implies for next year.
Scott Donnelly : So we have made, as you probably saw, the announcements in terms of reductions in staff at Cessna a couple weeks ago and what we did when we took that into consideration was look at the inventory, the rate at which we've been building this year, what we forecast in terms of deliveries for the fourth quarter this year as well as our first estimate as to what we think the deliveries will look like for 2011 and adjusted the production rate so that we think we have the right rate now moving through the balance of the year.  Now this is not the first time we've told you this, right? I mean, we've done this before, but as I said earlier I think the reality of given what happened in that May-June timeframe, at least up through now, we basically have kind of slid our forecast out around six to nine months in terms of what we think the recovery cycle looks like. And so those adjustments we made in production rates and staffing align with that In terms of the first part of your question, what do we expect in terms of fourth quarter deliveries, we're not putting an exact number out there but it will certainly be dramatically higher than what you saw in the third quarter.
Jeff Sprague: Can you give us a little bit of a sense, then, around how big the delta between production and deliveries were in the quarter, even if you didn't take stuff to final production? I would imagine there's maybe some significant whip. Is that how you get the bump in Q4?
Scott Donnelly : Yeah. Absolutely. And it's hard for me to give you the exact number, because it really is, as you said, it's whip, right? I mean, there's very few things where we take them all the way through the finishing center completion and do the whole nine yards. So basically what we've done is slow down the rate in terms of the tack time, if you will, of what we move various models through the factory at.  So we've slowed down as opposed to saying we're going to build them out and then stop. We never, as you know, have perfect alignment in terms of sales to manufacturing core, because fourth quarters usually are stronger and you've got to kind of build into that. So there's not an exact number. It really is sitting in whip. It's not, let's say, hey, we've built this many airplanes and sold this many airplanes.
Jeff Sprague: Lastly, Frank, I was wondering if you could give us some early read on how to think about pension for next year, perhaps if we locked it down on today's returns and where we're sitting on current discount rates?
Frank Connor : Yeah, we don't do that finally until year end, Jeff, and obviously things can happen between now and then. I guess I characterize it this way, which is we for 2010 we're using a discount rate of 6.25 and a rate of return of 8.5. A 50 basis point change in discount rate impacts our expense number by about $26 million and a 50 basis point change in rate of return impacts our expense number by about $20 million.  Now, there are lots of other factors that go into it in terms of comp rights over time and other things, but I think that gives you a sense of order of magnitude of the sensitivity of our numbers at least. We'll do that work as we move into year end and we'll give you the specific guidance on it when we give the 2011 guidance.
Jeff Sprague: And just a point of clarification on that. Separate from those changes in inputs, is there already some embedded headwind on '11 based on where you close that 12-31-09?
Frank Connor : Yes. There would have been already some because of the averaging impact of just the way the calculations are done there would have already been some embedded headwind in the analysis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Strouse from UBS. Please go ahead.
David Strouse - UBS: Scott, in terms of thinking about the potential for future cancellations, having been down NBBA myself the sense I get is a fair amount of customers still on the backlog are waiting to potentially cancel until they bump up against further deposits that they have to make. How far of the way are we through that at this point?
Scott Donnelly : Well, that's a good question, David. We've been trying to work this thing now for a couple of years. But I would say the rate of that phenomenon, which you're describing, which is absolutely right. I mean, usually people cancel when it comes time to write that next check. On most accounts, really it has been dropping pretty significantly. So most of the volume of the number of cancellations which we had which were really more in the first-second quarter this year, which were some of the fleet operators and things like that, have mostly flushed their way out. So we have seen a real slowing in terms of the number of individual customers that wait until that next deposit's due and walk away from the aircraft. So are there going to be some? Absolutely, and as we do our forecasts and look at both production rates and our sales programs we anticipate that some of those customers who we kind of put in our book as a high risk customer more and more of those are actually, we're now getting that deposit check whereas a year ago the rate of those that we've identified as being at risk was much higher that were going ahead and switching to a cancellation. So are there still some? Absolutely, but the rate has really slowed down dramatically in that area.
David Strouse: And then at Bell, on the commercial side, could you give us an idea of what you're seeing there? I think your delivery guidance for the year have been around 150, you've only done 49 year-to-date. And then specifically on the 429 I think you've been talking about 25 deliveries and you're at 4 year-to-date.
Scott Donnelly : Sure. So I think with respect to the 150 number, David, I think we're going to be light on that, but I think it's going to be principally in the 206 and 407 light side. And again, that's driven primarily by the market in terms of the high net worth individual. Corporate is still slow, much like you see across the Cessna area.  But we have still seen continued strength in the larger helicopters, the oil and gas markets, the emergency medical service markets, the international FMS markets have stayed pretty robust. So the way I see it is that we will probably be light to that number but it will be mostly in the very small, the very light helicopters. So from a margin perspective it's not going to be material.  429 specifically, we shipped four this quarter, we're a little behind where we would like to be just in terms of the time it took to get a lot of the kit certifications done and things like that. But you'll see a lot of deliveries in the fourth quarter. Will it get to the 25 number? Probably not, but it's going to get pretty close.  Again, the backlog is there, the people, the customers are there, so I still feel pretty good. When you looked at our forecast of 25 this year, 50 next year, which is kind of what our production was aimed at, I still think we're going to be pretty much on that 75 to the two years. And again, I don't think we'll get to 25, but we'll get pretty close to it this year.
David Strouse: Okay, and then last one. Frank, TFC, loss there has kind of stabilized in terms of what's running through the income statement. Any framework you could provide about how to think about what that number might look like in 2011?
Frank Connor : No, not at this point. We'll include that in the guidance. I think as you know there's volatility around those losses, just as we realized losses that we had previously reserved for. And so there's always going to be a lumpiness and volatility to the loss activity. I'd say overall we're tracking very much within the framework that we've talked about in terms of adequacy of capital and cash conversion levels that continue to support the overall framework of the liquidation schedule. But we haven't gone through the 2011 planning process specifically for TFC and a lot of the loss realization will depend on the liquidation strategy that takes place through that period.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Royal Bank of Canada. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard - Royal Bank of Canada: Cessna again I'm afraid. Couple of quick questions there. I was wondering if you could comment on how the demand situation at Cessna has altered maybe on the geographic front or by customer type if you're seeing any variances there and who's particularly responsible for this push out by six to nine months?
Frank Connor : As we looked at the last six months it was kind of across the board, right? When the European thing hit and the impact of the euro pushed a lot of customers away, but the trickle effect into the U.S. We really saw all the markets around the world shut down pretty significantly. Latin America was an exception. That was still doing okay, and some Asia-Pacific was doing okay, but it was pretty much across the board. It was not all that localized.  Now, as we see things coming back, right now I would say we're probably getting more interest and more customer demand internationally than U.S. Now I think part of that is that a lot of the U.S. customers are sort of sitting on the sidelines saying, well, if I'm going to go, I'd like to have some certainty and understanding around things like the bonus depreciation plan and whatnot.  So hopefully that will move some of these guys. We know it's already moved a few of them off the sideline and are going ahead and proceeding. But right now I'd have to say we've been seeing over the last - sort of September into October timeframe - foreign demand coming back faster than U.S. demand.
Robert Stallard:  And also I was wondering if you could comment on the pricing situation, given that there seems to be a fair amount of inventory in the system. How is pricing on new jets holding up?
Frank Connor : As best it can. [Laughter.] It's a very competitive market out there, obviously. And the used is still there. That was stable this last quarter, but it's certainly down off of its peaks, but there's no question that it's still a difficult pricing environment. It's deal by deal as you can imagine.
Robert Stallard: And just finally on Cessna, I was wondering if you could give us an update on how your restructuring is going there and your efforts to reduce your cost base?
Frank Connor : Pretty well. Unfortunately we just went through another set of cost reductions although I would say probably half of that was directly volume related. The other half was continuing to make sure we get our cost structure aligned with the size of the business and in general just driving base cost productivity.  Our activities and things like ramping up our Mexico operation actually are going very well on both the Cessna and the Bell side. I was down there with a bunch of the team just a few weeks ago and that's ramping up very quickly.  So I think we're in a pretty good position here that as volume comes back and we need to meet some of these capacity requirements that we're going to have a better cost base than we've had in the past.  The other thing I would mention, which obviously here in the quarter we did finalize negotiations with our union in Wichita. I think it was a good outcome in terms of both the company and the employees. It's a seven-year deal, which is great. It lets us get that behind us and focus on just getting the job done for the next seven years.  We feel pretty good about where it was. Obviously our employees agreed to take more of their share of the healthcare costs on a go-forward basis, and I think in terms of economics we all recognize where the industry is and where it's going to be in the near term going forward and put together a financial package that in the end was acceptable to both the company and the union.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: I guess it can be challenging to predict the exact timing of when business jet demand comes back, but I wonder if you're hearing anything from your customers that you're in conversations with that are deciding not to buy aircraft. If you're hearing any reasons that you're worried can be sticky through the entire cycle that can cause a muted demand recovery, whether it be that it's just a generally do-more-with-less environment or it's a young used inventory, or whatever it may be.
Frank Connor : Obviously, it is hard to predict. I've been particularly not good at predicting it. The customers you talk to - and let me just couch it by saying a lot of these customers are folks that are here at the show, folks that I interact with on an occasional basis that are Cessna customers, right? They're flying our aircraft, and so this is kind of a core, if you will, of a customer base that does refresh their fleets on a fairly regular basis. This is what they're talking about - the fact that they're now a year or two years, some of them going three years, beyond what they would normally do in terms of refreshing and updating their aircraft.  So I think these are people that are without a doubt going to do it, but the question of the timing is obviously a little bit uncertain. But it's going to happen. The growth, as we talk to international customers, the desire, the demand, to have business aircraft and the productivity that they're utilized for, you hear all those same things that you've always heard.  I'm pleased that the politics side of it certainly seems to have died out. People aren't afraid of jeez, will I be viewed as a bad guy because we have corporate aircraft. That seems to be subsiding a little bit, which is also encouraging.  The bottom line, though, is you don't hear customers talking about things or feel things out there that says that there's a fundamental change in the utility or the rationale for why you have a business jet. It's all much more built around the confidence of knowing that their businesses are in a stable spot, they're going to grow, they're going to get back to a normal world and they're going to go about their business, which includes either buying business jets or refreshing their existing fleets.
Noah Poponak: Okay. I guess one of the concerns we hear on the pace of the recovery for current players is the emergence of Embraer and we saw NetJets' order there. Why did NetJets jump out of other backlogs and then into theirs? And then maybe if you could just give your latest internal view of Embraer is working on?
Frank Connor : Sure. Well, I think if you're NetJets it's a pretty smart move. So you had backlogs of aircraft at price levels that have been negotiated in a good market, and you negotiate at the bottom of the trough for new pricing for aircraft that you're not going to turn around and sell to fractional customers until 2013, '14, '15 or so. So I think they're pretty sharp. They took advantage of a very down market and went out and tried to drive a very very aggressive campaign that probably gave them some definitely very favorable pricing, and get that locked in and not have to take delivery for several years out. So I think pretty sharp on their part. Now, from our perspective, I don't think anybody should be surprised to see NetJets offering as part of their suite of aircraft to customers Embrears. They've had Cessna, they've had Hawker, Gulfstreams, [inaudible]. If you look at their role as kind of a reseller of aircraft in the fractional market it shouldn't be a surprise again that they're going to carry a pretty broad range of aircraft.
Noah Poponak: Thanks. I'll just sneak one more in. Any update on the potential on timing for a second multi-year on V-22?
Frank Connor : Absolutely, and negotiations and discussions with the customer have already started along that exact line.
Noah Poponak: And any sense on timing?
Frank Connor : Well, the current multi-year goes out through deliveries through 2014, so I don't know exactly what they're talking about. But I would say in the next year or so is probably when they want to get that definitized and nailed down.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Skibitski from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust: Not sure if you said this or not, but can you quantify for us the deposit forfeiture income this quarter at Cessna versus Q2?
Scott Donnelly : What we said is that the net of the deposit and the used valuation was a negative couple million dollars.
Peter Skibitski: How about on the one-time gain in Bell? Can you quantify that and tell us what programs they were on?
Scott Donnelly : It related to the overall kind of rate structure at Bell and just benefitting on the cost front from improving performance and leveraging the volumes that are going through Bell. It benefits the quarter by about a couple hundred basis points. So we typically have said Bell should be in the 11%ish area on a run rate basis and obviously we're up near the 13% area for this quarter, and that 200 basis points was this kind of performance improvement.
Peter Skibitsky: So not necessarily one specific program.
Scott Donnelly : No, it's really across the entirety of the base.
Peter Skibitsky: And then would you mind updating us on international opportunities for ASV and Shadow? I think I saw a couple notifications this quarter. Just wondering if there's anything else out there in the works.
Frank Connor : Well, there are. Shadow, we've announced a couple. There's a couple that are still in negotiations with things we're chasing after. The same with ASV. Probably the most notable in international, which we've talked about before is the Canadian [inaudible] program. That decision's probably still a year or so away, but there are also a number of other international ones which we haven't talked about yet, which are still in the negotiation phase, which we're hopeful we'll get closed in the next six months or so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Just following on that Bell question, and then moving on to DNI, same kind of question on the systems. The longer term margin there kind of ticked down as you guys would have expected, maybe a little bit more than we would have expected in the quarter. What is the more normal kind of longer term margin we can think of at the defense business?
Frank Connor : I still think the systems business is one that we've talked about kind of being in that 11% sort of range. I think we still feel like that's about where it's going to be. The margin rates did tick down, and we talked about the fact that we did have two big chunks of business, in both the ASVs and the UAVs that were very high margin businesses that got renegotiated as you would expect. And that's kind of what brought us down to those margin rates where we are now.  I think there was a little bit of a challenge before just because it's the nature of these SFW contracts, because there's some quarters where you're going to have a big sale and associate margins and there's other quarters where' you're low or you're going to have zero on SFW, just because of how the [inaudible] acceptance works out. But I would say that we don't feel differently about those margin rates than the previous guidance that we gave you and I think we'll hang in that area.
Steve Tusa: So the longer-term kind of normalized margin for Bell and DNI both kind of in that low double-digit range?
Frank Connor : Exactly. The only things that have changed that are putting some more pressure on those numbers - and obviously we're doing other things to try to make it up - is what we talked about a little bit earlier. These pension headwinds are tough in terms of both earnings and cash contributions ultimately that we'll need to make.
Steve Tusa: Will those margins be down in 2011?
Frank Connor : There will be more pressure on the pension side, and so the issue for us is the challenge of trying to drive other means of productivity to try to compensate for them. But they are pressure points for sure. 
Steve Tusa: And then just on Cessna. You had a real drying up of activity in the summer. Do you feel the market is still that sensitive so that if the euro moves like it did back then, or if we have another little gyration here in the macro-environment. Are people still sensitive, do you feel like? So for every 10-15% move in the S&P 500 do we push out another six to nine months, or have people kind of come to a resolution on how comfortable they feel in their financial situation? That was the last bit of pressure on the mentality of the customer. What's your sense there? 
Frank Connor : I still think this has an awful lot to do with confidence, and I think what happened coming out of the spring was there was a lack of confidence in the recovery and when that happens people - consumers and businesses - quit spending money.  And it wasn't just airplanes. It was any big ticket capital investment. And I think we saw that across most of industry, certainly in the U.S. and around most of the world. So I don't think we're immune to that.  I think people have gotten - it appears people have gotten a little bit more comfortable, that the recovery stumbled, but it didn't go into the so-called double dip, and that's now bringing a little bit of confidence back that people can move on.  But I think that if you have another European debt crisis, if you have something of that magnitude, then I think there's no doubt our industry is still susceptible to those kinds of things derailing economic recovery and more specifically the business jet recovery.
Steve Tusa: And then one last question, just on the margin at Cessna. You guys expect a relatively significant snapback next year after you've kind of worked your way through the overproduction of this year. How do we think about the Cessna margin for next year?
Frank Connor : Again, Steve, it's all going to be based on what kind of volumes we get out there, right? We still personally feel that we will see better volumes in 2011 and 2010. I'm sure you read all the various pundits and folks that are kind of all over the map as to was '10 the trough, or is '11 the trough. Everybody's guessing, right?  Our guess, and our sense from talking to customers and whatnot is that we're still expecting to have higher 2011 deliveries than 2010's, and obviously that would translate into better margin rates.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ron Epstein - Bank of America: Scott, just a couple more biz jet questions. Sorry about belaboring this stuff.
Scott Donnelly : That's all right.
Ron Epstein: I was down at MBAA as well, as probably a bunch of my peers, and you really did see a tangible difference between what's going on in the let's call it the large jet segment and then the mid and light. So my two questions are 1) Why do you think that is? What's peculiar about the mids and lights that they're just not being as robust as the large? And then 2) The Columbus came. It went. If Cessna were to have a product in that space, in your view is that a good form of diversification given how you're really seeing some different market dynamics between the different size segments?
Scott Donnelly : Well, the first one I would say there's no question that the dynamics out there for the long-haul, big large-cabin jet market has come back faster than the light- to mid-size, and I think you're talking about some different dynamics here in terms of who those buyers are. You know, are they very large corporations or very very high net worth individuals, families and such that tend to be the customer of that segment.  Now the reality is for the light- to mid-size jet market we do have some fleet operations in pretty big companies, but the bulk of our customers are small- to mid-sized businesspeople and high net worth individuals, not somebody that's, you know, the billionaire set. So I think the confidence in that community and that little buyer is more economically sensitive than the multibillionaire or the huge multinational corporation.  So I think that's just kind of the world we're living in right now, is that our typical buyer is more economically sensitive than the real big cabin guys. So that's where this confidence factor comes in in terms of getting our customers confident to go spend $6 million, $8 million, $15 million, $20 million as opposed to being up there in the $50 million, $60 million transactions that you see on the large cabin guys. And I don't know why that would change. The light mid will come back when our customer set feels more confidence.
Ron Epstein: And then how about from a product portfolio point of view? Down the road, eventually is it a place Cessna should go, to larger and larger aircraft?
Scott Donnelly : I think that the notion - sorry to come back to your question on the Columbus side - is that we do have - if you look at our customer set, that customer set is principally more of a regional customer, whether it's domestic U.S., domestic Europe, Latin American regions. But that customer does have a need to do some international longer-haul travel. And that's really where the Columbus was aimed. So are we thinking about, jeez, we should be competing with G550s and Globals? No, that's outside of, I think, what is traditionally our customer set.  The Columbus, which we certainly would like to go back to at some point when the market conditions are right and the light mid world has stabilized, is a nice add-on in terms of taking care of that customer base. Because we do have a significant number of them that do have some international needs, longer-haul needs, and would like to stay in the Cessna family as opposed to needing to go up to a big Bombardier or a big Gulfstream product.
Ron Epstein: Okay. And then maybe just one last question, again, on the biz jet market. How much of a factor has the availability of financing and financing terms and changing financing terms been in terms of a negative, a headwind, in terms of people finalizing orders?
Scott Donnelly : Well, it was a big headwind for a while, but I would say that things have been certainly loosening up. We've had credit availability for people, we've seen some of the other larger guys that historically finance in the biz jet world are coming back into it. The money's clearly available. There is a desire and a need for higher levels of down payment and looking to credit. But I think it's starting to loosen up and it is not as big an issue as it once was.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse: I had a couple of questions. One was on the cost structure within Cessna, I guess how you're thinking about the difference between the permanent fixed cost reduction from the migration of production and secondly how much of your cost reductions related to your six to nine month push out in terms of the business jet deliveries recovery?  And then secondly as well, just on the industrial business. You've had very high incremental margins there because of a steep revenue bounce back off a fairly low cost base. How are you thinking about incremental margins in industrial exiting this year in terms of adding on capacity or raising R&D and how those affect the incrmentals?
Frank Connor : If I go backwards through those I would say that first of all on the industrial side that margin leverage that we've been seeing associated with the volume as we think about 2011 and those markets continuing to recover I think we can continue to generate good leverage on those margins.  Even though revenue and volume has come back, it's still nowhere near back to where it was historically. So in terms of capacity to produce, we're not at a point where we have to start thinking about making any kind of significant capital investments to support further ramp in those businesses.  So some tooling here and there and there's obviously some capital, but there's certainly no reason to think about a need to invest a lot of capital in those businesses as they continue to grow, because they're still well below the levels at which they historically have seen. At Cessna, the cost - you certainly have a fixed-base cost, let's say in Wichita, in terms of facilities and capability. I think as volume returns that we can effectively utilize that capacity. I think we have a union contract and a cost basis that will allow us to become very competitive in terms of aircraft completions and customizing interiors and delivery and things like that.  But as we've talked about before, we still believe, and are continuing to restructure in terms of where a lot of the sub-level fabrication and assembly goes on. And that's been our strategy with Mexico, where we have made some significant investments and continue to do that to make sure that we have capacity in that region at a cost that we think it needs to be for us to be competitive going forward.  So there's kind of a blend here of making sure you're effectively utilizing what you have in place in Wichita but also expanding capacity in those places where we know we have to have a lower-cost labor base.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Levenson from Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Steve Levenson - Stifel Nicolaus: Here's a non-Cessna question for you. It appears that the Marine Corps is rejiggering the makeup of their helicopter squadrons, and if you do the arithmetic it sounds like maybe they're going to come up short some H-1s. Have they come to you, or do you expect to talk to them about revising that contract higher?
Frank Connor : Well, obviously we're in conversation with the marine aviation folks on a virtually daily basis. I want to be careful to comment specifically about your question, because I haven't had a discussion with them with respect to overall number changes.  But there are regular discussions around how many utility versus how many Super Cobras as they are always looking at their deployment schedules and what the makeup of the squads are and how they operate. Those are discussions that we have all the time with them.  So obviously any time they want to add additional aircraft it's certainly fine with us, and we're trying to make sure we're doing the right things in terms of the cost per unit to help allow them to do it. We know they'd always love to have more helicopters, but obviously they have their own budgetary issues that they've got to be careful about. But sure, we'll work with them in terms of both the mix or the makeup of them and the overall total number.
Steve Levenson: And last Cessna question. How much investment is likely to be required to do the revision on Citation 10?
Frank Connor : Pretty modest, really, because there's some modest changes to the tooling, because of the fuselage stretch, but the wing is virtually identical. Obviously there's some minor modifications in the structure with the winglets. There's no tooling change on the engines. It's a redesign on the part of Rolls Royce for the fan, which gives it some better thrust and better efficiencies, but does not impact final assembly in terms of tooling and then of course the cockpit. That adaptation is mostly fabrication work and cable and harnessing. So there's a lot of work but it's not a capital-intensive change.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cai von Ruhmor from Cowen & Co. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: A follow up to Jeff's questions on pension. Could you tell us what your return on assets year-to-date is and what impact the very large layoffs you had at Cessna would have on your pension expense next year?
Scott Donnelly : We're a bit ahead of the overall market levels year-to-date, Cai -
Cai von Rumohr: But relative to your bench of 8.5.
Scott Donnelly : Well, we're only partly through the year. It's nine months through the year. On an annualized basis we'd be on target. We'll see if it annualizes out to that basis. But on an annualized basis we'd be on target. 
Doug Wilburne: And of course as you know, Cai, the actual return on the assets this year has a relatively small impact on what our expense headwind might be next year.
Cai von Rumohr: But so what's the impact of the layoffs at Cessna, and I guess another question would be what percent of your expense is in government areas - Bell and Systems.
Scott Donnelly : The Cessna impact won't have a meaningful impact, and I don't -
Doug Wilburne: You're asking about how much is in military, and the bottom line is that we have very little recoverability under the various programs available because we're in fixed price contracts that are already set. So in the immediate term there's not a tremendous amount of relief that we can garner from our contracts.
Cai von Rumohr: And in terms of contributions to your plan, I understand it's pretty modest this year. Where is that likely to go over the next couple of years?
Doug Wilburne: It's going to increase. It will depend, ultimately, on what these calculations look like, but it's going to be up in the $200 million to $300 million type level. Obviously a lot of this gets impacted by we're in a very very low rate environment, right? So all of this stuff needs to ultimately be looked at in the context of both whatever the rate environment is when you're setting these numbers and then expectations over time. And so for all of this to carry forward into the future, you would have to assume that this same rate environment was going to be maintained into the future, which I think most people would probably think is unlikely, but it certainly will impact the near term calculations. All right ladies and gentlemen. Thanks for joining us today and we'll talk to you in three months.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10 a.m. Eastern time today, through January 25. You may access the At&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 138125. International participants dial 320-365-3844. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-21 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Wilburne - VP of IR Scott Donnelly - President and CEO Frank Connor - CFO
Analysts: Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Steve Tusa - JPMorgan George Shapiro - Access 342
Operator: Welcome to Textron's second quarter earnings call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Doug Wilburne, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Doug Wilburne: Thanks, Robert, and good morning everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention that we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's President and CEO; and Frank Connor, Textron's Chief Financial Officer. We are originating our call from London today, as Scott and Frank are here meeting with customers and industry participants in conjunction with the Farnborough Air Show. Our customary earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Moving now to the second quarter results, which appear on slide three of the presentation, revenues in the quarter were $2.7 billion, up 3.7% from a year ago, which yielded GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.27. This compares to a $0.23 per share loss in last year's second quarter. We incurred $0.02 per share on restructuring charges in the quarter. So our second quarter EPS from continuing operations before special charges was $0.29 per share compared to $0.08 a share a year ago. The manufacturing operations generated $170 million in free cash flow during the quarter. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Doug, and good morning everyone. We're pleased with the solid resumption of top-line growth in the quarter, reflecting expansion of our defense business and recovery in our early cycle markets. While the pace of the recovery remains uncertain with the European sovereign debt concerns having negatively impacted business and consumer confidence during the quarter, we do believe the ability of our businesses to generate profits and cash in the cycle is apparent in our second quarter results. So let's take a look at how that played out in our businesses, starting with Industrial where revenues were up about 30%. We continue to achieve good conversion on this revenue growth, as we posted a segment margin of 7.7%, which reflects the positive impact our cost reduction programs are having. At the same time, we're also focused on new product development to drive growth. For example, during the quarter, we introduced EZ-GO's new low-speed road vehicle, the 2Five. 2Five is a zero-emission electric vehicle that meets regulatory standards for use on 35 miles an hour and under public roads. We believe the EZ-GO brand will work well in this market and customer demand during the product's introduction launch has been positive. With the public attention on energy conservation, we believe this will be a good growth opportunity for us that leverages our current capabilities. Moving to the Finance segment, we had another good quarter of liquidations. If you look at slide four in the presentation, you can see that we reduced managed receivables by $674 million, bringing our total reductions since the beginning of 2009 to $5.2 billion. Distribution finance was the largest share of reduction again with $203 million. Also, $120 million of liquidations were generated from our timeshare business, which is also a positive continued future success of our liquidation plan. As we look at the rest of the year, we're increasing our total 2010 liquidation target from $1.8 billion to $2 billion, which will bring us to a two-year reduction of nearly $6 billion. Looking at slide five, the cash conversion on finance asset liquidations came in at 87% for the quarter, bringing our year-to-date rate to 91%. We now expect our full year cash conversion rate will trend into the mid to high 80s. In terms of credit performance, we saw a reduction in 60-day delinquencies from $515 million to $385 million and a reduction in non-accrual finance receivables from $1.03 billion to $876 million primarily due to the resolution of several accounts for restructuring and repositioning activities. Charge-offs were $57 million, up from $31 million in the first quarter as previously reserved losses were realized. Moving to Cessna, results were in line with our expectations as we delivered 43 jets, 23 light to mid-sized and 20 Mustangs. As a result, Cessna returned to profitability and positive cash flow for the quarter. Business jet usage continued to expand. Our average daily utilization reached to 0.68 hours from about 0.66 hours in the first quarter. The FAA rolling three-month averages for takeoff and landings were up in both April and May. Our due date will probably be out shortly. Correspondingly, Cessna aftermarket revenues were up nearly 20% in the quarter on a year-over-year basis. On the used front, the number of previously owned Cessna's available-for-sale remained flat with last quarter at 15.1% and used pricing remained relatively stable with the exception of some further weakness in older models high-usage aircraft. On the order front, as expected, we had a number of cancellations, which included the cancellation of a large Mustang order from a European fleet operator. On the other hand, gross orders increased from the first quarter. And most of these orders were for light to mid-sized aircraft, so we actually had a positive order contribution backlog on a dollar basis. While we're encouraged by demand trends in April and May, June did see a slowdown in market activity following European debt concerns, which we believe weakened business confidence around the world. As we discussed on our April call, we've already been experiencing softness in the Mustang orders. As a result, we've reduced our 2010 Mustang order outlook to about 70 units and adjusted our production plan accordingly. With respect to the light to mid-sized market, we're still evaluating how the pace of the economic recovery might impact demand for these models. We're hopeful that Congress will pass the bonus depreciation bill. We believe the continued positive earnings reports, the stabilization of the European credit market will contribute to an improved environment for business jet orders. We will be watching the market closely over the next several months. We will fine-tune our delivery expectations, production plans for light to mid based on how the market develops. In any event, we continue to believe that business jet demand will recover as long as the global economy continues to expand. I still believe that 2010 will be the trough year for Citation deliveries. As we move to Textron systems, revenues were up nearly 12% reflecting strong domestic and international demand for our products. For example, on the international front, we completed delivery of the $57 million Sensor Fuzed Weapon shipment to the United Arab Emirates in June. Margins were also strong again, as we had good performance on our legacy US Armored Security Vehicle and unmanned aircraft system contracts. Backlog was up in the quarter, driven by new US ASV orders and Shadow systems from Sweden. We expect the backlog will grow again in the third quarter based on anticipated domestic shadow orders as well as the recently announced deal to supply shadow systems to Italy. We also recently completed two small bolt-on acquisitions of systems which add nicely to our product and technical capabilities. The most recent, Crane Wireless Monitoring Solution based in Texas will complement our intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance products to better meet our world needs of growing reliance on networked sensors as well as a host of future non-military security applications. And last month, we added MillenWorks, which is an engineering company out of California that augments our advanced powertrain and suspension capabilities for combat and specialty vehicles. Looking forward, we believe we are well-positioned despite likely DoD spending constraints to our products that are aligned with prevailing nature of asymmetrical threats and throughout the international demand as well. Wrapping up with Bell, we had a good quarter both in terms of top-line growth and operational execution. On the military side, we delivered eight V-22s and three H-1s. The V-22 continues to perform well on theater, and we've begun discussions with the customer on next multi-year contract, which would cover production beginning in 2014. On the H-1, we're on track with a production ramp to deliver 14 units during the second half of the year. We also signed a contract for 27 additional units which begin delivery late next year. And the DoD has recently completed its operational evaluation of the attack version of the H-1, and we expect the full rate production decision this fall. So the outlook for the H-1 program remains very positive at this point. Moving to the commercial side of the business, we delivered 21 helicopters, up from 15 in the first quarter. On the marketing front, we had positive net orders in the quarter contributing to an increase in bulk backlog. We are also making good progress through our 429 program. Initial delivery unit was placed in a medevac service. It's performing superbly and receiving accolades from the operator. Certification of specific configurations is moving forward, and we are continuing to book 429 orders into our backlog. We expect deliveries to resume this quarter with about 75 planned over through the balance of this year and through 2011. So the overall outlook at Bell this year and beyond is very good, both our commercial and military businesses. As Doug mentioned earlier, we're in Farnborough where Bell and Systems both had terrific reception of their products. In particular, the U.S. Marine Corps has a UH-1 Yankee Heuy that's been in combat in Afghanistan. The crews that have been flying that aircraft are giving great feedback to prospective customers. Systems has Shadow and Aerosonde systems on display, and we've had a lot of international interest I think which builds well on top of our recently announced wins in Sweden and Italy. Cessna, while this is not typically a business jet show, is also seeing significant interest in terms of air assets for little troop movement as well as ISR missions. To summarize, we think second quarter results demonstrate the earnings power of the company, and we will continue to focus on cost productivity and new product development. The benefits of these efforts were evident in Industrial segment margin again this quarter. Our Systems business continues to execute very well, and we have a steady outlook for growth there, especially with international opportunities that are emerging. Bell is successfully executing the multiyear ramp in military platforms, and we're seeing increased activity in the commercial sector which should lead to solid growth over the foreseeable future. At Cessna, clearly the last two years have been difficult in the business jet market, and we continue to believe this cycle is going to follow its normal course. And at Finance, we're confident we can reach our new liquidation target of $2 billion. And the cash which we've been generating has allowed us to make substantial improvements in our capital structure. With that, I'll turn it over to Frank to provide financial details in full.
Frank Connor: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. To pick up on Scott's comments on capital structure, as you can see on slide seven, in the quarter we reduced our net debt to $6.1 billion from $6.8 billion at the end of the first quarter and $7.4 billion at end of last year. We are now targeting to reduce our net debt to below $5.5 billion by the end of this year. We also made a second $250 million repayment on the Textron bank line, bringing the total repayment to $500 million for the quarter. You can now turn to slide eight, as we examine the major factors that drove $0.21 per share year-over-year increase in EPS before special items. Inflation came in as a 2% rate, which reduced earnings by $0.12 per share in the quarter, while positive pricing of 1.3% provided a $0.09 benefit. A higher share count, taxes and other miscellaneous items cost $0.07 per share. The combined impact of volume, mix and M&A cost $0.04 per share. Increased pension expense was $0.04. TFC's reduced losses benefited the quarter by $0.07. And our restructuring and execution focus netted a cost performance benefit of $0.32 per share. Now let's look at the results for each of the segments, starting with Cessna. Cessna revenues decreased $236 million, reflecting delivery of 43 jets compared with 84 jets in the corresponding period last year. These decreases were partially offset by higher aftermarket and used aircraft volumes. Segment profit decreased $45 million due to the lower volume and a reduction in deposit forfeiture income, partially offset by lower used aircraft write-downs, inventory reserves and selling and administrative expenses. Cessna backlog at the end of the second quarter was $3.7 billion, down $400 million from the end of the first quarter. Bell revenues increased $153 million in the second quarter, reflecting higher V-22 and H-1 deliveries and higher spares and support volume, partially offset by lower commercial aircraft volume. Segment profit increased $36 million due to improved performance, higher military volume and commercial aircraft pricing in excess of inflation. The improved performance reflects a $21 million operating profit contribution for the recognition of reimbursements for prior-period H-1 and V-22 program costs, plus the non-recurrence of 2009 termination cost related to certain cancelled commercial models. Bell backlog increased $200 million from the end of first quarter to $7.1 billion. Moving to Textron Systems, revenues increased $57 million primarily due to higher UAS volume. Segment profit increased $15 million due to the impact of higher volume and improved performance. Systems backlog at the end of the second quarter was $1.6 billion, an increase of $200 million from the end of the first quarter. At Industrial, revenues increased $153 million due to higher volumes, partially offset by an unfavorable foreign exchange impact. Segment profit increased $39 million due to higher volumes and improved cost performance partially offset by inflation. Looking to the rest of the year for Industrial, we expect growth to slow somewhat, reflecting normal summer and year-end holiday shutdowns in the automotive industry. Moving to Finance, revenues decreased $30 million largely due to the non-recurrence of last year's gains on debt extinguishment and lower average finance receivables, partially offset by reduced portfolio losses. Finance segment loss improved $28 million, reflecting lower loan loss provisions, portfolio losses and selling and administrative expenses, partially offset by the non-recurrence of gains on debt extinguishment and the impact of lower average finance receivables. Now moving to a few corporate items, corporate expenses were less than expected in the quarter, primarily on the compensation expense line resulting from a lower prevailing stock price. Our tax rate in the quarter was also lower, primarily related to a number of discrete items associated with our international operations which benefited the quarter by about $0.03. For the rest of the year, we anticipate that our tax rate will return to about 30%. Now let's talk about special charges for the year looking at slide nine. First, we're increasing our restructuring cost estimate from $30 million to $45 million or about $0.10 on an after-tax per chare basis. Most of this increase is for additional restructuring at Cessna. And a second change results from the continuing wind-down of our TFC Canadian operations where we anticipate taking a non-cash after-tax charge of about $78 million or about $0.26 per share. Now, this charge eliminates the balance of a cumulative currency translation account and will be triggered when the Canadian operations is considered to be substantially liquidated, which we expect to occur during the second half of the year. It's important to note that the equity in TFC and Textron has already been reduced by this amount to previous other comprehensive income adjustments. So there is no further equity impact from this charge. So let's now turn our attention to our 2010 outlook, and we're now looking at slide 10. As demonstrated in our second quarter results, we are more than making up for the weaker current performance of Cessna with stronger performance from the rest of our businesses. On a net basis, we are increasing our 2010 outlook for EPS from continuing operations before special charges to $0.55 to $0.65 a share. We are maintaining our free cash flow from manufacturing operations outlook to $500 million to $550 million, although the probability is that we will likely trend towards the lower end of that range, given the lower expected delivery outlook at Cessna. That concludes our prepared remarks for today. Operator, we're now ready to take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr from Cowen & Company.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: Could you give us a little more granularity at Cessna, if we take out the used aircraft and the forfeiture gains what the results would have looked like, and some color on the pattern of R&D over the balance of the year at Cessna?
Scott Donnelly: We're sort of almost at a watch here in terms of forfeiture gains and used write-offs. And again, used write-offs were kind of pretty focused on a couple of the older high-time, high-cycle aircraft that we still have in inventory. So we're pretty close to [net watch]. In terms of your question on R&D, that cycle we will see increasing levels of R&D as we work our way through the balance of the year.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: If we take out the Mustang, are the citation delivery estimates intact?
Scott Donnelly: At the point we have right now on the light-to-mid size, we're not formally adjusting one way or the other where we are on a thing. As I said in my prepared notes, the market I would say through the first half of the year has trended like we thought in terms of our expectation in orders. We did have a little concern here in the latter part of the quarter as things kind of got rather around a little bit with the (inaudible) thing going on and what not. We saw some people sort of turn the back off. I don't think there are customers that are leaving necessarily, but people are taking a bit of a pause, if you will, to understand what's going on with the recovery. Obviously, we don't know if that's a 30-day issue or a quarter or two. So that's one where we're just going to watch it. And obviously, if we see any kind of significant changes to our plan, we'll adjust production accordingly and obviously we'll have a lot better insight advice on future calls.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: And the last one, you had lot of changes relative to what people were looking for. Can you us give us just some color on the trends we should expect to your major businesses for the full year?
Scott Donnelly: I would say that if you kind of walk through each of the segments, Industrial I would expect to stay relatively strong. Historically, you usually see some softening just because of the volume is usually softer in the second half of year than the first half of the year in the automotive industry. Obviously, with Kautex being a big part of that, we would expect to see probably a modest decline through the course of the year, again driven primarily just by auto doing its normal cycle. I think that Bell and Systems are going to continue to perform strongly through the balance of the year. I don't think you're going to see 13% margin rates obviously. The REA helped in the quarter for Bell, and we had some pretty strong deliveries here on some international programs like the SFW in the UAE in the second quarter. But I would expect those businesses will still be strong performers through the whole balance of the year and going forward. Cessna, despite someone certainly around the order front, it's certainly our expectation that we will see incremental improvements as we go through each quarter in terms of our margin rates. So I think that's a reasonable expectation. And Finance, there is no change to our previous guidance. I think we'll end up seeing a loss consistent with what we've guided you through the total year.
Operator: And next we will go to the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak : Can you just give us the actual unit numbers in terms of what the gross orders were and what the cancellations were, by Mustang and by the rest of the business?
 Goldman Sachs: Can you just give us the actual unit numbers in terms of what the gross orders were and what the cancellations were, by Mustang and by the rest of the business?
Scott Donnelly: You know, we haven't been putting those numbers out. Again, I think those are pretty commercially sensitive. For instance, on Mustang, we are giving you the numbers and the production rate, because we set up the production rate. So that's where we are and there is no issue with doing that. I would say, as I said, the bulk of the orders in the quarter were light to mid-sized, which I think is a positive sign. Right now we think at least in this market environment that the mustang really probably is 70 to 75 units per year kind of a run rate. So that's what we would expect to see, you know orders and what not. That supports that, and you get in the light to mid-size. And we'll see how that plays out through the balance of the year. Positive so far but a little bit of uncertainty just driven by the fact, which you know little bit of a slowdown in business confidence year to quarter generally through the first half.
Noah Poponak : Can you talk a little bit more about who is buying aircraft today, what type of customer it is?
 Goldman Sachs: Can you talk a little bit more about who is buying aircraft today, what type of customer it is?
Scott Donnelly: Well, mostly, you know as we see in the light to mid, you are talking about a fair number of Sovereign's and XLSs. I mean, these are small businesses. Order activity has been probably stronger in the US than anywhere. And one of the things that concerned us, you know, the half obviously is the European currency weakened against the dollar that sort of slowed down Europe as a region. But I would say its generally been small to mid-size business, probably strongest in the US, still some reasonable strength in Latin America and some in Asia.
Noah Poponak : And just one more. On the 429 at Bell, when was first delivery, and Dunn I think you reiterated this, 25 and 10, 15, 11. Is that correct? And at one point you were talking about the 300 letters of intent and I think the story was, the downturn that kind of came right as you would normally start assigning serial numbers there. So you sort of held off and there has been some movement in the backlog. Can you just kind of update us on where you are in that process and how strong that backlog is today?
 Goldman Sachs: And just one more. On the 429 at Bell, when was first delivery, and Dunn I think you reiterated this, 25 and 10, 15, 11. Is that correct? And at one point you were talking about the 300 letters of intent and I think the story was, the downturn that kind of came right as you would normally start assigning serial numbers there. So you sort of held off and there has been some movement in the backlog. Can you just kind of update us on where you are in that process and how strong that backlog is today?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, absolutely. You are absolutely right. The 300 letter of intent that was out there was unfortunate when this 429 kind of came to the market in a pretty tough spot in terms of the commercial helicopter market. So the conversion rate on that 300 into the current backlog has been very low. On the other hand, I would say over the last quarter or so we have been moving 429s into backlog as configurations have been identified. I would say that I feel probably better about the level of customer activity and the number discussions that are going on and the number of orders that we're starting to create in the 429 that I did from the beginning of the year. So I think we are really starting to feel some pretty strong momentum. And that's really a function of getting these aircraft out there, a lot of demo rides, getting it into service, people starting to get some feedback on how it's performing with the actual aircraft. So I feel probably better about the 429 right now than I have over the past year. So I think we're going to wait through that cycle, but also having aircraft out there and really being able to go out and start marketing and selling hard, it's doing very well. E75, through the balance of 2011, I still feel very good about. We are, I would say, moving and not getting there as quick I'd like this year in terms of getting specific interiors defined and the associated certifications that have to happen with those. So it's always been backend loaded; it's still very backend loaded in terms of 429 shipments. Most of that frankly though, is on us to get the configurations defined and get the certifications completed. So right now, I'm hopeful. We're sitting close to the 25 this year. But then if we don't, obviously I think we go out in the early part of 2011. So I'd say the bottom-line in terms of the 429, it was unfortunate that the thing finally, actually came into production and launched at a pretty difficult time in the cycle. But the demand as we see it right now is strong and increasing, and I feel good about getting up to the production rate, the delivery rate we can talk about.
Operator: Next we go to the line of Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research Partners.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners: Just a couple quick ones. I guess first, just thinking about adjusting the Cessna production potentially, it sounds like you're on the cusp of trying to make a decision there. I just want to get a sense of, if that's where the cash caution is. We've got earnings going up and maybe cash trending down. I would think the supply chain is probably geared up to that original production forecast. But just give us a little sense of how you manage that and what the working capital ramifications might be if you do turn down the production forecast this year?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Jeff. Yes, I mean you're absolutely right. The pressure point that would push us to being low range in terms of our cash expectations would attract working capital at Cessna. So as you know, these are pretty long cycle manufacturing operations. An awful lot of material is already in-house or crafted or underway, and we understand that. As we see how these orders are playing out, we can obviously make adjustments in terms of what aircraft we build out and what aircraft we don't build out. But regardless of that, we'll still have some trapped inventory in there that will put pressure on the cash from a working capital standpoint. And as you know, that's offset by the fact that in the other businesses we're generating high [NOP] than was in the plan and good working capital measure in all through the rest of the businesses. But that would be the pressure point for us is, is that we do need to turn down the rate of production. We certainly will do that, but given the long cycle nature of these things, which is why you have (dug) them in the pipeline anyway, it would create some working capital pressure at Cessna.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners: Now on the flip side of that Scott, if you get to multi-year on the Zulu or further negotiation on the next tranche of V-22, does that drive some cash progress payment through deposits or anything that's favorable in the back-half of the year?
Scott Donnelly: Not really, Jeff. We have not on those programs had to go out with a lot of long lead material or something we would take at a risk and then catch up. So having a lot H-1 done is great. And then obviously, the discussion we are talking about on V-22 multi-year, now that's up in 2014. So haven't even begun to expend any kind of cash on that program.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Is there anything else in the pipeline on favorable adjustments, like maybe even on the ARH, I think there was some dispute on whether or not some of that would come back to you. Is there on any of these programs, V-22, H-1, ARH, anything else in the pipeline that comes back as a favorable adjustment to you that you can see?
Scott Donnelly: As you know, we have some reserves up on things like ARH. But I don't think those are in a situation where they're going to be settled anytime and in the real near future.
Frank Connor: And I think it's fair to characterize that our outlook includes any of those miscellaneous types of (earnings) as a matter of course, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: And then finally, can you just give us a thought on how the CJ4 ramps from here? I see you got the first three out of the door in the quarter?
Scott Donnelly: That will continue on that trajectory, Jeff. So there really has been no change at all on the CJ4. We'll probably end up 15 this year which is what we were anticipating.
Operator: We have a question now from the line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Just on Bell, I'm curious the $21 million, you said it was a combination of the two items. Could you tell us what the reimbursement number was this quarter?
Scott Donnelly: None of that cash was in this quarter. It was second half.
Frank Connor: Yes. The settlement in terms of the revenue and the [NOP] impact of that REA is in Q2. But the cash won't issue till later this year.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Right. I'm curious about the [NOP] impact.
Frank Connor: That happened in the second quarter.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Right. How much was that?
Frank Connor: $21 million.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay, got you. I thought that was the combination of the two items. Okay, great, $21 million. And then just on the commercial side at Bell, I think your previous target was 150 commercial deliveries. You've delivered I think 40 or something year to date. How do you think about that production target out in the back half of the year?
Scott Donnelly: If that's still the target we have, Steve, and I feel pretty good about it. Obviously, it varies by model. I think when you look at 412s, I feel very good about it. I think the 429s we are going to be pretty close to where we want it to be. There's still some softness for variability a little bit in the 407s and 206s. But as you know, from our perspective and the bulk of the cash is tied up in those larger aircraft. So I think we're in pretty reasonable shape as we head through the balance of the year on the commercial front.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: And then one more question just on the 429. You're talking about 75 now for the next couple of years. We're hearing numbers from the press that you guys have about 20 of those orders right now and that will, kind of, I guess you confidence about delivering this year. Is that around the right number as far as firm orders for that aircraft?
Scott Donnelly: We haven't had that number out there, but I actually think it's a bigger number than that. And again, a lot of this, Steve, we don't put them into the backlog until we have definitized the contract and have all the configurations and all that stuff done. So that creates a bit of a lag. So I think in terms of what I see in the marketplace right now both what's in the hard backlog, what's under negotiation, what we're specifying working with customers on, I feel very good about that 75 number.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: And then one more question. You guys got a pretty decent amount of price this quarter. The only place you really mentioned was in Bell. Where are you guys were getting at price, because your commercial deliveries are obviously down. And I can't imagine on the OE side, there is a ton of pricing power right now. Is that mostly in the aftermarket or is that a function of mix, I don't know. Maybe you could just explain where the $30 million, $35 million price is coming from?
Frank Connor: We got some at Bell. Year-over-year, on a quarter basis, we got some at Cessna as well, in different pieces of the Cessna business.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: And is that on the OE side of Cessna?
Frank Conner: Yes.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Is that a function of the backlog, kind of a trailing? How do we think that price going forward at Cessna?
Frank Conner: I think as we've said, at Cessna, we're not expecting that we're going to get price in the current environment or in the near future environment. So I wouldn't expect to continue to see a lot of price benefit, but just year-over-year on the comparative basis, we get.
Operator: And we have a question now from the line of George Shapiro from Access 342.
George Shapiro - Access 342: I had a question on Cessna. You've mentioned the forfeitures net of write-downs was about 0 this quarter. Now that compared to $15 million of net positive in the first quarter?
Frank Conner: Yes, I know the forfeiture number was fifteen in the first quarter. I think we are about flat on used and first quarter price.
George Shapiro - Access 342: Okay. And then second, at Bell, if you take out the $21 million you still had about a 10.5% margin, is that sustainable or is the comment about commercial pricing being above inflation this quarter or is that only a quarterly thing?
Frank Conner: The Bell margin when back out the REA was about 11%, because there is a revenue impact as well to that REA piece. So on an adjusted basis for the REA, it was 11%. That's at the high end or higher than what we've guided to kind of generally in dollar, we had very good performance during a quarter at Bell.
George Shapiro - Access 342: Is that also related to the fact in the subsequent quarters you don't expect to get a benefit from commercial aircraft pricing in excess of inflation?
Frank Conner: The real drive on the second half, we'll probably run a little bit less than 10% of Bell in the second half, and the primary driver there is the ramp in the H-1 which is below average margin.
Scott Donnelly: Yes, there's going to be some mix shift.
George Shapiro - Access 342: Okay. And then one last one. Industrial, was the mix as the percentage of business from auto this quarter pretty similar to what it was in the first quarter?
Frank Conner: Yes, pretty similar.
Operator: Thank you, and we have a follow up question from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs, please go ahead.
Noah Poponak : Hi, thanks. I just wanted to follow up on this industrial margin performance. You potentially have some favorable mix here and the revenue recovery has been very strong. So we're printing these really nice margins relative to history, but we are doing it on revenue numbers that are substantially lower than where revenue once was in the middle of the last cycle. So I guess the question is, how sustainable are these and is this sort of a new norm and the new starting point? And I guess how much higher do you think they can ultimately go as revenue continues to recover.
Goldman Sachs: Hi, thanks. I just wanted to follow up on this industrial margin performance. You potentially have some favorable mix here and the revenue recovery has been very strong. So we're printing these really nice margins relative to history, but we are doing it on revenue numbers that are substantially lower than where revenue once was in the middle of the last cycle. So I guess the question is, how sustainable are these and is this sort of a new norm and the new starting point? And I guess how much higher do you think they can ultimately go as revenue continues to recover.
Scott Donnelly: Although I would say that we did have strong mix in terms of the growth on the Auto side in the segment where I think we've done all our restructuring and we have gotten strong leverage. I think the answer is that is that sustainable? Yes, it's sustainable. But I do think we will see some degradation in volume for second half of the year. So I mean Auto always goes through bit of the cycle, but we're seeing I think we will continue to expect to see higher margin rates on similar volumes that we've had in the past. I do think we'll continue to see this kind of expansion in terms of the margin rates across that entire cycle.
Doug Wilburne: Okay, ladies and gentlemen, I believe we have no further questions in queue. We thank you for joining us today. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference for today. There will be a digitized replay of this call beginning today at 10:00 a.m. eastern time until October 20 at midnight. You can access the AT&T replay service by dialing 1800-475-6701 or 320-365-3844, access code 138124. Once again, to listen to a replay of this conference call, you can dial 1800-475-6701 or 320-365-3844. The access code is 138124. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and thank you for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Wilburne - VP, IR Scott Donnelly - President and CEO Frank Connor - CFO
Analysts: Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Steve Levenson - Stifel Nicolaus Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Welcome to the Textron first quarter earnings call. (Operator instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Doug Wilburne. Please go ahead, sir.
Doug Wilburne: Thank you, Rich, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textron's President and CEO; and Frank Connor, Textron's Chief Financial Officer. Our customary earnings call presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Moving now to first quarter results, which appear on slide three of the presentation, revenues in the quarter were $2.2 billion, down 12.5% from a year ago, which yielded a loss from continuing operations of $0.01 per share. During the quarter, we incurred special charges which include the following two items; $12 million in pre-tax restructuring costs or $0.02 per share on an after-tax basis, and a discrete tax charge of $11 million related to the recently enacted federal healthcare law or $0.04 per share. Adjusted earnings from continuing operations excluding special charges then were $0.05 per share compared to $0.26 a year ago. On the pre-tax role front, manufacturing operations used $153 million of cash, reflecting normal seasonality compared to a use of $286 million in the first quarter of 2009. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everyone. While overall revenues were down, reflecting lower aircraft deliveries and the wind-down of our non-captive finance business, we had strong performance across the rest of the company. Industrial revenues were up 33%, reflecting strong growth in the global automotive markets and early signs of growth in our non-U.S. markets for EZ-GO and Jacobsen agreement. Aftermarket revenue with Bell and Cessna were both up solid single digits, reflecting increased aircraft utilization. And our Systems business revenues were up over 9.5%. Bell and Systems also delivered solid margins in the quarter. As we look at the trends, we believe the first quarter margin revenue dropped for Textron and we expect our earnings will clearly grow over the course of the year. So let's discuss highlights of each of our segments beginning with Finance where we continue to make excellent progress with our liquidation strategy. We reduced managed receivables by $769 million in the quarter, bringing our total reductions since the beginning of 2009 to $4.5 billion. About $380 million of first quarter reduction occurred in our distribution finance business, which contributed to an overall favorable cash conversion rate of 95%. We also made progress in our timeshare portfolio in the quarter, reducing it by $100 million. In total, the credit performance, 60-day delinquencies were $515 million, down from $569 million in the fourth quarter; and non-accruals stabilized at $1.03 billion, down modestly from $1.04 billion last quarter. Charge-offs were $31 million, up from $22 million in the fourth quarter, as previously reserved losses were realized. Looking forward, we're increasing our 2010 liquidation target by $200 million to $1.8 billion, which will bring us to a two-year reduction of $5.6 billion. At Cessna, we delivered 21 Mustangs and 10 light mid-sized jets in the quarter, consistent with our expectation. Orders in the first quarter were also consistent with our expectations. However, cancellations came in slightly above plan, although a majority were for deliveries in 2011 and beyond. Looking forward, we see additional cancellations in the second quarter, but we're expecting orders to pick up as market and economic indicators continue to trend in the right direction. For example, used Citation aircraft available for sale continued to decrease, ending the quarter with 15.1%, down from a peak of 17.3% and 15.4% at the end of 2009. Used pricing remained stable. Average daily utilization of Cessna aircraft also remained stable at 0.66 hours for the quarter, while FA reported takeoff and landing cycles were up. As I mentioned, Cessna aftermarket revenues were up about 6%. U.S. corporate profit, a key leading indicator, has been up over the past several quarter, and earning results so far in the quarter have been positive as well. And finally, we are seeing increased sales, particularly in our low-to-mid sized jet models. In the meantime, we continue to work on reducing costs, including consolidation of facilities and moving certain activities to lower-cost locations. On the new product development front, the CJ4 was certified during the quarter, and we've already delivered our first unit earlier this month. Looking over the second quarter, we're expecting to deliver between 40 and 45 jets for the balance mixed of Mustangs and light-to-mid sized jets. In the Industrial business, we're getting conversion on volume growth, achieving a margin of 7.8%. This reflects the positive impact that our cost reduction programs are having on these businesses. We're also pursuing new business opportunities to launch new products, winning new accounts and expanding geographically. At Textron Systems, growth was driven by a diverse array of products we're providing to our troops in today's complex. AAI delivered seven new Shadow systems in the quarter, up from three a year ago. We're also selected to be a key subcontractor for development and initial production of a sophisticated avionic warfare testing system which features AAI's leading-edge RF stimulus and measurement subsystems. ASV program also continues to move forward, as we expect to sign new contracts soon, which would increase backlog and extend production through the first quarter of 2012. Another product manufactured by our New Orleans based TM&LS operation is the 47-foot Motor Lifeboat. During the quarter we delivered the first of six for the Mexican Navy and are pursuing additional international opportunities for that product as well. At Bell, we also had a good quarter, demonstrating continued operational execution. We delivered four V-22s and three AH-1s compared to five and four respectively a year ago, but consistent with our delivery plan for the year. This is simply a matter of timing, and we're on track to deliver 28 V-22s and 20 H-1s this year, up from 20 V-22s and 9 H-1s last year. We also delivered 15 commercial units in the quarter. We have significant sales enquiry activity underway. We remain on track for a commercial helicopter delivery plan of about 150 units. Our first 429 entered into commercial service in the air ambulance configuration this month and has already demonstrated its performance capabilities. With 429 production on schedule, we expect to deliver approximately 25 of these aircrafts in 2010. So as we look forward for the balance of the year, I'd say we are confident that we can reach our new target of $1.8 billion of liquidations in our non-captive finance business. We feel the cash generation that's been generated to date has allowed us to make substantial improvements in our capital structure. Frank would take you through the details of that shortly. It also gives us the flexibility I believe to make sure that we make the proper economic decisions as we exit the balance of that portfolio. We talked last year about our restructuring programs and focused on cost reduction and what that would need in terms of delivering additional margin as volume returned. And I think we have demonstrated that in the first quarter in our industrial segment. Our systems business continues to have a steady outlook for growth and is executing very well. Bell Military is successfully executing the middle of a multi-year ramp on the military side of the program. And I think we put the right people and the right products in place to capitalize on growth in the commercial sector going forward. Clearly the last 18 months have been difficult in the business-jet market, and has presented numerous challenges for our Cessna business. As I indicated earlier, we believe that this cycle is going to follow its normal course. We see the right early indicators, including most recently corporate profits getting stronger, and I would say the increased levels of enquiry and sales activity in the latter part of the first quarter bodes well for this industry to start to turn. So with that, I'll turn it over to Frank to take you through the details on the financials.
Frank Connor: Thanks, Scott, and good morning everyone. Let's start with the major factors that drove the $0.21 year-over-year reduction in adjusted EPS, which are outlined on slide 7. The largest driver was lower manufacturing volume, which reduced EPS by $0.29. Last year's CESCOM sale at Cessna cost $0.12 per share. The number of discrete tax items which occurred last year resulted in a $0.09 reduction in earnings. An inflation rate of 2.3% cost $0.11 per share, which outpaced pricing of 1%, which provided a $0.05 lift. A higher share count in interest expense cost $0.03 per share. And our pension headwind cost $0.02. On the positive side, overall cost performance and lower S&A benefited the quarter by $0.38 per share, and TSC's lower operating loss contributed $0.02 on a year-over-year basis. Now, let's start with the results for each of our segments, starting with Cessna. For Cessna in the quarter, revenues decreased $336 million, reflecting lower aircraft volumes. Segment profit decreased $114 million due to the lower sales volume, the gain related to last years CESCOM sale, and higher inflation. These items were partially offset by improved cost performance, which included lower selling and administrative expenses, largely due to workforce reductions, lower inventory reserves, and lower used aircraft losses. Cessna backlog at the end of the quarter at $4.1 billion, a decline of $820 million from the end of last year. Looking at Bell, revenues decreased $124 million due to lower sales volume. Segment profit, however, increased $5 million, as positive program performance, non-recurring product launch cost in 2009, and lower warranty selling and administrative cost more than offset the negative impact of reduced volumes. Bell backlog at the end of the first quarter was $6.9 billion, down slightly from the end of last year. For Textron Systems, segment revenues and profits increased $40 million and $3 million respectively, primarily due to higher defense volumes. Backlog at Systems, ended the fourth quarter at $1.4 billion, down $220 million from the fourth quarter of last year. For the Industrial segment, revenue increased $150 million, which was driven by a $140 million increase in our automotive businesses. Industrial profit increased $58 million due to higher volume and improved cost performance, partially offset by higher inflation net of pricing. Cost performance improved due to workforce reductions and other cost initiatives. For the Finance segment, revenues decreased $46 million compared to the first quarter of 2009 largely due to the revenue impact of lower average finance receivables, a mark-to-market adjustment on our held-for-sale portfolio, and suspended earnings on non-accrual receivables. Finance segment losses improved $8 million, primarily reflecting lower loan loss provisions, reduced selling and administrative expenses, partially offset by the impact of the lower average finance receivables, the mark-to-market adjustment, and suspended earnings on non-accrual receivables. Turning our attention to the 2010 outlook and looking at slide 8, we continue to expect EPS from continuing operations before special charges will be in the range of $0.30 to $0.50 per share, with free cash flow from continuing operations for the manufacturing group of between $500 million and $550 million. As Scott mentioned, I'd like to conclude by reviewing progress we've made with our balance sheet. Looking at slide 9, you can see that we ended the quarter with net debt of $6.8 billion, down from $7.4 billion at the end of last year, and $11.9 billion at the end of 2008. And given our improved liquidity position, yesterday we paid down $250 million of Textron's bank line. Based on our current projections, we would expect to make additional payments on the Textron bank line over the balance of the year. Now that concludes our prepared remarks for today. And Rich, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we will begin with the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: I guess first, at Cessna, were there any forfeiture gains in the quarter to buoy those numbers, and what would be expect in the next quarter given the backlog fall off?
Scott Donnelly: The forfeitures during the quarter were about $15 million, and that was about the same level as we saw for the prior year quarter.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: And then the second quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Second quarter, we're not kind of projecting things on a quarter-by-quarter basis. As we said, we expect kind of more cancellation activity, or cancellation activity to continue, but at a lower rate in the second quarter.
Cai Von Rumohr - Cowen &Company: And then the last one, I'll let someone else go. The industrial numbers really looked spectacular. Given that normally the second quarter is better and the economy is improving, should we expect that margin of 7.8% to be sustainable, or could be better for the total year?
Frank Connor: Okay, I think what's really driving the margin is driven by the automotive industry right now. So, particularly as we look at CapEx, as a result of other restructuring programs, the volume has come back. That's delivered obviously some strong margin. So I guess the only thing I would caveat is, certainly if we can get similar volumes in the automotive sector, we would expect to be able to deliver similar kinds of margin rates. There's a lot of question in the automotive sector right now, particularly in Europe and the U.S. is, does it hold the rebound that we saw the on the (report) for first quarter. But clearly, if we deliver that in second quarter, you expect to see those kind of margins.
Operator: We will now go to the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: Could you guys provide us with the actual unit ordering cancellation numbers in the first quarter?
Scott Donnelly: We're not doing the exact numbers. I think that's kind of commercially sensitive. But I've already seen a couple of notes you guys have out there. And obviously on the cancellation front, no one roughly (average) price was, I think, guys are in the right ballpark. With those new orders rates in the first quarter were pretty low, but met our expectations. And I think as we look forward, while it's hard to figure out and know the exact quarter, we certainly would say based on sales activity we see it picking up going forward.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: So are you still feeling okay about your 225 unit number for the full year, because if cancellations were worse than you thought in the first quarter, if you run the numbers, it sort of implies you have to get close to 100 or so in net orders in the back half. Is that fair or how you're thinking about that number?
Scott Donnelly: Yes. I think if you look at the 225, Noah, right now, at least the level of activity we're seeing particularly in the light-to-mid size range, we feel pretty good about where the number is. And just looking at prospects out there, the number of people that are doing demo rides and people that we believe are customers that really do want to move on aircraft that we're feeling pretty good about that. I would say we probably see still a little more softness in the (inaudible) side on the Mustang side. But as you know, that doesn't tend to drive a whole lot of revenue or margin in the business at this point. So I guess that's kind of the color I'd put around the 225 at this point.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: And maybe one longer-term question at Cessna. What still needs to happen with the fractionals? Are they entirely out of your backlog at this point? And how do you think about them as a potential overhang on the order recovery going forward? Is there a fleet rationalization started to take place there?
Scott Donnelly: I mean I would say that what we're seeing in the industry, certainly what we're seeing in Citation, there is a little bit of an uptick in terms of folks looking at getting back into the fractional world. But I think we have to recognize there's a lot of capacity out there. So from our perspective, over the next couple of years, I discount any fractional sales down to virtually zero.
Operator: We'll now go to the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Scott, could you give us a little color on actual production in the quarter and what it looks like in Q2?
Scott Donnelly: With respect to Cessna, Jeff?
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: At Cessna.
Scott Donnelly: Obviously with a long cycle product like this, our production, we set up really in the latter part of last year to run at a pretty steady rate both in the last year and all the way through 2010. So that production rate which we started again late last year is holding steady. As I kind of indicated, we don't see anything in terms of the level of customer interest, the key leading indicators that would cause us at this time to make any modifications there. So I feel pretty good about that. Again, we'll just kind of watch this thing as the market plays out here through the balance of the year. But I don't see a reason right now, based on demand, to be making any significant changes to our production rates.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: And corporate price, I think, Frank said was up 1%. Did Cessna fully pull its weight as it relates to that or was the pricing in dollars somewhere else?
Scott Donnelly: Well, obviously on the Cessna side of things, pricing is still a challenge. I don't think we're expecting to see price increases. Every customer out there, as you can imagine in downside of a cycle, is expecting good deals. I think we've been pretty responsible on the price side and it's holding there okay, but I wouldn't go as far as to say that it's a positive contributor as we think about the year in terms of price out of Cessna.
Frank Connor: Net in the quarter we had positive price across.
Scott Donnelly: Yes, the product line at Cessna, right.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: And I know you're trying to avoid kind of the quarterly guidance, but you typically have given a little bit of a margin framework or some kind of framework, a little bit of a look into the coming quarter. Can you give us any help on how to think about Cessna margins in the second quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I guess what I would say, Jeff, is if you think about, we're kind of guiding about 40-45 aircraft. I think if we see 40-45 jets, we feel we've got a good shot here in getting this thing back into a positive number.
Operator: We'll now go to the line of Steve Levenson with Stifel Nicolaus.
Steve Levenson - Stifel Nicolaus: On the industrial side, do you think the good revenue result is in part due to restocking, or do you think this is going to be a stable level on Litchfield?
Scott Donnelly: First of all, most of the stuff we have on the auto side, it flows through, right? So there's not really inventory in a system that goes right to the manufacturers in Europe. At times, you go over to the customer in the U.S., obviously there's more dealer inventory. But everything we're seeing in terms of the market dynamic is this stuff is all selling through. In the other markets, particularly if you look at EZ-GO and Jacobsen, again, I think we have good signs of this stuff is moving through the retail channel. So it's not a restocking. In fact, in particular the European markets, which historically will do some restocking through the winter season, didn't really do that. So they held off on taking inventory. And as a result, we're really seeing deliveries that flow directly out through to the field. So I don't think we've seen any signs that there is a whole lot of retail restocking going on. It really is going retail.
Steve Levenson - Stifel Nicolaus: A quick question on UAVs. Do you see Shadow and the line extension, the product line extension, you're doing there taking share; or do you see some of the other people coming in that's gathering orders?
Scott Donnelly: The share discussion frankly is very difficult in UAV space because you have so many niches where this thing plays. And Shadow already has a very, very strong position in that gauge of tactical UAV. And I see us sustaining that. I think the extensions to the product and program, it's evolution over time and growth of mission capability is keeping pace with what the military's expectations are. So, I don't look at numbers. I can't tell you exact share numbers, but certainly I think when you look at what we're doing with Shadow and its growth and mission requirements growth, I think it's holding its own.
Operator: We'll now go to the line of Ron Epstein with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Digging a little more on Cessna, Scott, if we pick out a longer term, why would you do differently into the next biz-jet upturn, so that you don't see the Cessna backlog kind of evaporate as severely as it did this time?
Scott Donnelly : Ron, it's a good question. It's a pretty tough one. I mean I don't think we have ever seen this phenomenon, and obviously I was in the business. But as you look back on previous cycles, you never saw such a dramatic roll-off of backlog. And near as I can tell, it's really just driven by the fact that you came into this thing with such an incredibly unprecedentedly strong market in terms of demand for business jets. And then of course, the depth of the economic collapse on the other side was just as severe. So I think we've seen the results of this decline, the backlog are just an intersection of an unprecedented strong period, followed by an unprecedented weak period. Obviously, most of us hope not to ever see that again. I mean, I think we'll have more modest growth on the upside, and you'd like this thing because we're never going to see the kind of economic collapse that we saw. And of course, you throw the politics on top of it, which also exaggerated I think the downside of it. So, you had a situation where, even people who still have the economic wherewithal to stay in the backlog, awful lot of people bailed out because they didn't even have a perception of being associated with business jets. So, it's just been an awfully wild swing in both directions. Obviously, one of the things we're going to do, and hopefully we see this across the whole industry is, look for tougher deposit terms and higher levels of deposits with many of the customers. I don't want to mislead you, right? That's a commercial (term we) condition, and it's a competitive marketplace out there, but clearly from our perspective we would like to see higher levels of deposits to help make people be more attached to the aircraft. But even so, the severity of the cycles that we just went through, I'm not sure that would have even had a huge impact.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Maybe just a follow-on or two, if that's okay. When you look at the production at Cessna right now, are you guys building white tails, and are other airplanes coming off the line that don't have owners right now?
Scott Donnelly: I guess I want to be careful about the use of the word white tail. I would explain, Cessna production, obviously is a relatively long cycle production and you kind of set your rate and you move. And we all knew the first quarter deliveries were going to be very low, and you start to see that ramp over the course of the year. So, certainly our production rate and our delivery rate are not perfectly aligned. But I would not say that we are in a position where we feel like we're building a lot of aircraft that aren't going to have buyers. So, it's more of a work in progress, and yes, for sure you have some that are getting to that finished goods inventory level. But that's really more of an artifact of aligning both what your delivery demand is and your production demand. You can't get those on a long cycle business to be perfectly aligned, especially when you're going to have a turn hopefully towards the upside here as deliveries increase over the course of the year.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: And then maybe just a follow-on to (Jeff's) question, as we think about next quarter, do you expect demand to be any better next quarter?
Scott Donnelly: I do. I mean, I would say that what we saw in the latter part of the first quarter was an increase in the number of individuals that are coming back that are talking to sales folks, are doing demo rides, and with whom there are now active discussions around trying to get purchase contracts. So, I do expect to see the level of order activity pick up as we move through the year. And I certainly expect to see it picking up in the second quarter versus first quarter.
Operator: And we'll now go to the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Can you guys just talk about the dynamics of the cancellations? So, were they focused beyond 2011? Can you just talk about the timing of who is still canceling?
Scott Donnelly: I would say that most of it was beyond; it was out 2011, 2012 and beyond. There were some 2010 cancellations, which we expect and would expect to continue through the course of the year. I think we've had a number of our ASR folks that have come back and said they don't have a retail customer, that they have a line of sight to him and want to go ahead and cancel the order. So, we've seen some of that. We've seen a couple of small charter operators with Mustangs that in some cases already have some aircraft and are operating and successfully operating, but don't see enough demand in the economy. Yet, to them, to grow their fleet size, we tried a couple others where they're already in business, but they fly also small turboprops and they want to go to a jet, but don't feel like right now is the right time for them to make that transition. So it's been some domestic, some international. It really is across the Board Steve in terms of both customer situation and aircraft configuration.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: So I think you said you were 70% sold out for this year, so that number has ticked down. As we stand here at the end of the year, the first quarter and then what it would look like for next year?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, it is modestly down, which we expected, because we knew that the deliveries would be relatively late, orders would be late, numbers cancellation in the quarter. I don't think we're to point yet where we would start talking about what we see the rate going into next year at this point. We got three quarters left in the year, and it's very, very hard at this point, Steve. I think there's no question the dynamics out in the marketplace indicate this thing is going to turn. I wish I was good enough to call which quarter that's going to be. But that will have a big impact on what that rate is as we get into 2011.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Right, but I guess you have a high level of confidence, which is good, that you're not going to cut production this year, but you're not going to be negative in the second quarter imply quite a pickup in the back half of the year. So I'm just curious if you don't see that pickup and the plan to build whitetails at the end of the year and bank on the inevitable pickup to accelerate in 2011?
Frank Connor: We would be very cautious about building a lot of whitetails going into 2011. So if we see this thing, it'd be more muted than what we expected or more delayed than what we expected. We would make appropriate adjustments. Given what we're seeing in the marketplace in terms of both indications and inquiries, we're not at a point right now where I think we need to make that adjustment.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: When you say cancellations for the second quarter, is that modest amount of cancellations? It sounds like that's kind of a tone that you're suggesting.
Frank Connor: Yes, I think this thing is obviously in our cancellation we expect to be kind of winding down over the course of the year. And we also expect the trend to be looking out at the '11, 12' kind of timeframe.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Got you. And then one last question just on the ASV. You talked about a contract coming up. Are there a couple of contracts there, or is that a specific one that we should be watching? Maybe just give a little more color on that.
Scott Donnelly: Well, there's a couple, but there's one that's pretty material, and that's continued U.S. government ASV program. As I think you probably get indications from a lot of defense contractors, the process of going through audit in pre-contract negotiation has become extraordinarily painful and pretty long and drawn out. So we've not been able to put this thing in the backlog, because we haven't signed the contract. We're through the audit phase now. We think we will sign the contract very shortly. And of course, we've been under production and building under a non-definitized contract. So these things have drawn out to the point where the governments had to put alternative vehicles in place to allow production to continue until you get your final definitized contract in place.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Heidi Wood with Morgan Stanley.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: Thanks. A question on Bell. The volumes this quarter looked a little weak. Can you talk about what you're seeing happening there? Do you still have confidence in the guidance of $3 billion for the year?
Frank Connor: I'm sorry, Heidi, you're breaking up a little bit, but I think the question was around Bell and the volume this year versus what that means to our full year forecast?
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: Absolutely. I wanted to get some color on what you're seeing in the commercial trends, why the quarter was so weak, and why you're still confident in $3 billion for the year.
Frank Connor: Sure. Okay. So the military side (inaudible) report, that was just timing, and we're very confident with respect to our guidance around that and the delivery around V-22s and H-1s. So I feel like there is no issue there. The commercial side was pretty light in the quarter. But I think as the 429 is coming on, we didn't have any deliveries for 429 in the quarter. Those will all be for the balance of the year. We have a number of customers, particularly 412 customers, a couple that were originally supposed to be in the quarter that had some contracting issues and are going to happen. In fact, some of it has already happened here in the quarter. They just moved from the first quarter to the second quarter. So in general, I think that it was an unusually light quarter for us on the commercial side without a doubt. But I think we still feel pretty good about the getting the 150 commercial helicops for the balance of the year.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: And a question for you, Frank. On the cash flow projections you've given for the year, how much of that is based on Cessna? And if we were to see the second half Cessna deliveries, measurably it'd be about the same as the first half, how would that change your cash flow projections?
Frank Connor: Well, it would impact the cash flow projections, Heidi. As Scott said, were we not to see the uptick in order activity and market activity that we expect, we would therefore look to kind of adjust production activity if required. And obviously, that would mitigate some of the working capital impact. But certainly kind of a slowdown in Cessna would have some impact on the cash flow numbers.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: And maybe the last question. As you talk to the customers in Cessna and you think about the second half, because it looks like it's going to have to be heavily back-end loaded towards a better mix in the second half, can you walk us through the different plane types where you're seeing better demand versus some areas which are still (pumpkin) and maybe touch on whether you're revising any thoughts about Columbus?
Frank Connor: We're not revising any thoughts about Columbus at this point. I would say, Heidi, we really do see a lot of small business and corporate activity coming back which is I think is explaining strength of number of enquiries around Soveriegns and XLSs which is obviously very good for us in terms of mix. The CJ line is also getting a fair bit of enquiry, and good activity going on there. The only one that's still lighter as I said earlier is really on the DLG side on the Mustang side. And obviously we've now delivered over 300 of these things and feel good that we're still going to have some pretty strong volume going forward. But the level of activity where we'd really see the strength in the enquiry side right now is in the light to mid-size, which is good obviously from our mix in terms of both revenue and margin perspective.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Brian Jacoby with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs: Question I had was around the comment earlier on the bank debt reduction. Just to confirm, did you say that was paid down at the finance operation, or could you clarify that? And then just the magnitude of, obviously, you don't need to pay this down, it's not due till 2012, but obviously it sounds like you're comfortable with cash flow and so forth. But can you give us an idea of what type of a timeframe are you trying to get this reduced to closer to more manageable levels?
Frank Connor: We paid down $250 million of the Textron Corp line, not the finance line. As you'll recall, we are actually providing inter-company financing from Corp to Finance. And so, the intention would be, given our liquidity position, which we ended the quarter at about $1.5 billion worth of cash that we would apply excess cash throughout the year as we continue to generate free cash flow to continue to pay down the Textron Corp bank line. And as we've said, the bank deals are not due until April of 2012. We are generating very significant free cash flow reflective of that early, you know beginning to pay that down, and we'll address the bank lines in plenty of time before the maturity, and are continuing to watch the bank market, any improvement in the overall tone of the market, and we'll make those decisions as we roll forward here.
Scott Donnelly: Rich, I understand that we've got a follow up call, so we'll take that before we conclude today.
Operator: We'll go back to the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: In the receivable run off at TSC, what percentage was distribution versus, I guess, lower quality assets relative to the past couple of quarters? And maybe if you could update us on the full year loss number unit targeted before, I guess, was $250 million; you'd have to have the loss accelerating to get there. How are you thinking about that number for the rest of the year?
Frank Connor: Yes, so the total number of the 769, 380 of that was out of distribution finance?
Scott Donnelly: No, that's on page five of the presentation materials. So we'll give you a break down and I guess not only clarify that. It's not so much the good asset, bad asset. I mean it's certainly the longer cycle stuff. So clearly, over the course of the year we will have more and more of this. We'll move in to the resort, golf as opposed to being so much in the distribution of finance side. But the progress we're making there, as we get towards the end of the year, we're just about running out of distribution plans. And there is no change right now to our guidance in terms of our loss expectations. So in other words we think we can get that additional couple of hundred million dollars of liquidation that we are now forecasting and still live within the loss numbers of that we gave you earlier.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: And are you willing to comment maybe on how close we are at this point to being able to sell very, very large chunks or maybe the entire remainder of TFC excluding aviation, at some kind of reasonable price?
Scott Donnelly: There's nothing going on right now that would lead us to believe that you would sell very large chunks of this. I mean we still dont see the level of interest or liquidity out in the markets, particularly in golf resort. The resort side, frankly, as we go forward more and more to that is going to amortization and that's where the bulk of that liquidation is coming from. So people are terming out in their notes, and that's good for us. On the golf side, I'd say that's an industry that's still sort of in a state of flux, but I would not expect to see anybody coming in and looking for large portions of an asset class like that right now.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: Yes, okay.
Scott Donnelly: I think it's a course here a course there and that's how we're going to work our way through it.
Scott Donnelly: Okay. That concludes our call for today. We thank everybody for joining us, and we'll be seeing you soon. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 11:00 a.m today through July 20th at midnight. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 138123. International participants may dial 1-320-365-3844. Those numbers again are 1800-475-6701 or 1-320-365-3844 with an access code of 138123. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Wilburne - VP, IR Scott Donnelly - President and CEO Frank Connor - CFO
Analysts: Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs David Strauss - UBS Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs Steve Levenson - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Welcome to the Textron fourth quarter 2009 earnings call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Vice-President, Investor Relations, Mr. Doug Wilburne. Please go ahead.
Doug Wilburne: Thank you Rachel and good morning everyone. Before we begin I would like to mention we will be discussing future estimates and expectations during our call today. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. On the call today, we have Scott Donnelly, Textrons President and CEO and Frank Connor, Textrons Chief Financial Officer. Moving now to fourth quarters results which appear on slide 3 of the earnings call presentation. Revenues in the quarter were $2.8 billion, down 21% from a year ago which yielded a GAAP loss of $0.23 per share. Adjusted earnings from continuing operations, excluding special charges were $0.15 per share, down from $0.37 a year ago. We recorded fourth quarter pretax special charges of $114 million. This included an $80 million charge to reflect impairment of goodwill at our Golf and Turf Care businesses. The impairment reflects our expectation of a slower recovery in these markets than previously anticipated. The remaining $34 million of special charges were associated with our restructuring program. For the year, manufacturing operations provided $424 million of cash flow compared to our target of $300 million to $400 million. This included a $132 million in manufacturing restructuring cash outflows. And with that I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thank you, Doug. Good morning everyone. I think weve brought a solid close to what for us has clearly been a challenging year. We have faced volume challenges throughout the year, ultimately delivering 289 [Jet numbers] to 467 in 2008. Our industrial volumes finished the year approximately 29% below the 2008 level and obviously in our financial services market, we faced too many of the same challenges that the financial industry has faced across the board. I guess what I would like to do at this point is focus on the actions weve taken and how we take our company forward. In response to the challenging financial markets, we decided and announced early in the year to exit the non-captive finance businesses at TFC and I think our team has made a very good progress in executing the strategy. Weve also taken a number of actions to reduce overhead and restructuring actions to match our production to the actual market demands. From late 2008 through 2009, this resulted in a headcount reduction of over 10,000 people, almost one quarter of our work force. And all these actions have been difficult for our company and for our employees. I do believe we created a cost structure that should allow us to leverage volumes as market returns. We have been focused on cash generation throughout the year, particularly with respect to working capital improvements primarily related to inventory. These programs have yielded real results as inventories were down $820 million. We have made a number of important capital structure changes to strengthen our balance sheet and weve restored access to the public capital market as we demonstrated through new term debt, convertible debt and equity offerings. By the end of the year, we reduced our net debt, including securitizations by over $4 billion. And while we are not finished, I think we are on track to have a capital structure over the next couple of years which support a solid investment grade rating for manufacturing company with a relatively modest captive finance business. So lets discuss each of the segments in detail. In finance, as we mentioned earlier, our team at TFC, did a perfect job of shifting the focus from portfolio growth to liquidation and cash conversion. We reduced our managed receivables by $3.8 billion, compared to our initial 2009 goal of $2.6 billion. And we did this as you can see on slide 4 with high cash conversion with 94% for both, the fourth quarter and for the full year of 2009. Slide 5 shows our full breakdown by portfolio, as you see the large reduction of $2.3 billion was in our distribution finance portfolio. As we look forward to 2010, were targeting a further reduction of $1.6 billion bringing our two year target to $5.4 billion. Thats $900 million higher than our original target of $4.5 billion. We are also upto a good start of 2010 as we recently completed the transfer of another private brand [four] plan account which included both the forward-funding commitments and the current receivables. As we begin to liquidate an increasing proportion of our golf course and our resort portfolios, and properties this year, we would expect a different mix also in our remaining distribution finance asset, so in total we are expecting a cash conversion ratio of somewhere in the mid 80s. This is well within our five-year liquidation plan which we discussed earlier. In the business jet market, environment remains difficult but stable and we believe that we will begin to see improvement in order flow through the second half of the year. In the meantime, we did have a $1.7 billion in cancellations for the quarter primarily driven by a single large customer account as we announced late last year. On the order front, we did see a pickup in activity as we had 32 gross orders in the quarter compared to 38 for the first three quarters combined. New Citation aircraft available for sale continued to decrease and in the year at 15.4% down from a peak of 17.3%. Used pricing was essentially flat compared to the third quarter, but we are seeing more examples of planes being sold above prevailing rates. Usage on Cessna aircraft also increased slightly to 0.66 hours from 0.65 in the previous quarter. We delivered 68 jets this quarter which for the total year as I mentioned at 289 including 125 Mustangs. This contributed a strong cash flow assessment in the fourth quarter. So as we look forward to 2010 we are targeting about 225 jet deliveries including 105 Mustangs and a much improved cash flow outlook. We currently have order for about 70% of the delivery plan. We expect to see low first quarter order rates as the number of the fourth quarter activities were driven primarily by tax incentive buyers, but we would expect that order rate to pick up throughout the course of the year. With additional order activity we saw in the fourth quarter, we have actually increased our production plan slightly from where we had initially set it back in July timeframe. In the meantime, we continue to work on ways to reduce our costs including consolidation facilities and moving certain activities to lower cost countries. In industrial segment, volumes were down 8% in the quarter, however our improved cost structure led to a $42 million increase in the segment profit despite the fact that revenues were down $26 million. The segment also generated a strong cash flow over 3.5 times segment profit. Looking to 2010, we are expecting a modest topline growth in the segment led by strong sales of Kautex. We saw automotive volume increase in the fourth quarter and the consensus view in the auto industry is to continue to see that growth throughout 2010. The sales growth should generate a significant improvement in profits in our industrial segment. Systems also had another strong quarter, sales were up nearly 11% from a year ago and we posted 13% margins. This growth is driven primarily by a diverse array of products we are producing, critically supporting our troops in todays regional conflicts. We will talk more on our February 9 Analyst Day, but we clearly see more opportunities for future growth in this business as increasingly we look to foreign military entities for demand in this business. Bell also had a good quarter which capped up a very solid year of operational execution. We delivered six V-22s bringing our full year total to 20. We delivered four H1s for a total of nine last year. We delivered all 29 of these military aircrafts ahead of schedule despite the six week labor disruption. In the quarter, we also delivered 50 commercial units bringing the total year number to 153. While revenues were flat for the year, we boosted margins into double digits and we significantly increased our cash flow. 2009 was also an important year for Bell because we began to work [necessary] to support substantial growth over the next several years. For example in the commercial side we received certification of our new 429 light twin and started production processes of our 25 planned deliveries for this year going to 50 in 2011. We also ramped up our V-22 and H1 lines to deliver 28 V-22s and 20 H1s in 2010. Those backlog increased $1.3 billion in the quarter primarily reflecting the next installment of V-22 multi-year funding. So we ended the year with a $6.9 billion backlog. Clearly growth is going to be very solid for Bell going forward. So in summary I would say we had a good quarter as we finished a year of transition. Looking forward, we still are going to continue our focus on cash generation and further reducing our debt and enhancing our liquidity and capital position. We still have work to do at Cessna on our costs, but we have seen the market stabilize and we do expect improvement as the economy progresses. Leverage will increase as we see more volume coming through our industrial business and systems has a steady outlook for growth. And as I said Bell we believe is in the first of several years of significant growth driven by our backlog particularly in our military product lines. Across the board, we certainly expect to continue to invest in new products and services that are critical to future business growth. With that I would like to turn it over to Frank to go through some of the details.
Frank Connor: Thanks, Scott and good morning everyone. Lets start with the major factors that drove the $0.22 year-over-year reduction in adjusted EPS which are outlined on slide 6 of the earnings presentation deck. As you would expect the largest driver was lower manufacturing volume which reduced EPS by $0.63. Taxes reduced earnings by $0.10 primarily as a result of the foreign tax credit benefit from the repatriation of foreign cash during last years fourth quarter. Higher share count and interest expense cost $0.05. And inflation rate of 1.2% cost $0.07 per share, slightly up raising pricing of $0.06 which reflected a rate of 1%. On the positive side, overall cost performance including lower SG&A and lower used aircraft losses benefited the quarter by $0.43. And TFCs lower operating loss contributed $0.14 on a year-over-year basis. Now lets look at the results for each of the segments starting with Cessna. Cessnas revenues decreased $642 million from the fourth quarter of 2008 reflecting lower volumes across the board. Cessnas segment profit decreased $170 million due to lower sales volume which was partially offset by favorable cost performance. The favorable cost performance included lower selling and administrative expenses largely due to workforce reductions in 2009, the benefit of forfeiture income from order cancellations and a decrease in writedowns of pre-owned aircraft inventory. The absolute impact of used aircraft for adjustments was minimal for this quarter. Cessnas backlog at the end of the fourth quarter was $4.9 billion, a decline of $2 billion from the third quarter. Moving to Bell, Bells revenue decreased $51 million due to lower sales volume partially offset by higher pricing. Bells segment profit decreased $10 million due to the lower volume and a change in the commercial helicopter product mix partially offset by higher pricing. At Textron Systems, revenue increased $49 million due to higher defense volumes which were partially offset by lower aircraft engine volumes. Segment profit increased $8 million again due to higher defense volumes, partially offset by the lower aircraft volume. Backlog at the end of the fourth quarter was $1.7 billion, down $183 million from the third quarter. Looking at the industrial segment, revenue decreased $26 million due to lower volume and lower pricing partially offset by a favorable foreign exchange impact. The industrial segment profit increased $42 million, due to the improved cost performance partially offset by lower volume and pricing. Our cost performance reflected workforce reductions, employee furloughs, temporary plant shutdowns and lower selling and administrative expenses. Results at the finance segment reflected continuing financial challenges among our customers and the execution of our liquidation strategy. Looking at slide 7, 60 day plus delinquencies of finance receivables held for investment increased to $569 million from $440 million at the end of the third quarter. Non-accrual finance receivables increased to $1.04 billion from $838 million last quarter. Charge-offs were $22 million compared to $23 million for the third quarter bringing total 2009 charge-offs to $115 million. Loss reserves ended the year at $341 million. In addition to loss reserve, the mark-to-market valuation allowance at the end of the year was $185 million. Collectively the loss reserve and valuation allowance reflects 7.6% of managed receivables. Now lets turn to our 2010 outlook. Looking at slide 8, we expect our EPS from continuing operations before special charges will be in the range of $0.30 to $0.50 per share based on a fully diluted share count of about 300 million shares. We expect that restructuring charges primarily for Cessna will cost about $30 million pretax or $0.06 per share on an after-tax basis. We are anticipating a strong year on the cash front with manufacturing free cash flow of between $500 million and $550 million. A quick point on pension, we are estimating 2010 pension expense will be about $155 million which is about $65 million higher than our 2009 expense. Now lets move to our segment detail on slide 9. Our outlook at Cessna is based on reaching the 225 deliveries target that Scott mentioned. We expect deliveries to be lower in the early part of the year and build throughout the year. Specifically, we are planning for 30 to 35 deliveries in the first quarter which will result in a segment loss for the quarter. As volumes recover through the balance of the year, we expect margins will follow accordingly. As we previously indicated, we expect full year margins at Cessna in the low-single digits. At Bell, our military ramp is expected to drive an overall increase in revenues of about 16%. Our margin expectation in the 10% to 10.5% range reflects increased military mix, higher pension costs and higher R&D. At Textron Systems, we are expecting mid-single digit revenue growth, primarily reflecting growth in unmanned aircraft systems and intelligent battlefield products. We are projecting margins will compress slightly to a range of 11% to 12% as program lots are completed and the favorable productivity performance is rolled into forward contracts. For the industrial segment, we are anticipating an overall revenue growth rate of 6% and margins in the range of 3% to 4% as we get volume leverage from our improved cost structure. Moving to our finance segment. As Scott discussed, we expect to liquidate about $1.6 billion of finance assets during the year and we are estimating a 2010 pretax loss in a range of around $250 million. I would note that these levels are fully consistent with our liquidation plan. So that concludes our prepared remarks for today. We look forward to providing more color at our Analyst Day on February 9 and operator we are now ready to take any questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). And our first question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr from Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: Scott, can you tell us a little bit about expected trends in R&D at Cessna for 2010 and I guess you mentioned that used aircraft losses and forfeitures were about offset, but if we could have those numbers for the 4th quarter, that would be great.
Scott Donnelly: Cai, I can you give you some color on the Cessna on R&D, we are increasing R&D spending next year and obviously considerably as a percent of sales and its focused primarily at our core light to mid -size aircraft. So we have a number of programs going and its been sort of a gamut of update, block point type changes to a even a couple of aircraft that ultimately we would envision as new entries into the family of our products at Cessna. So, we dont have anything at this point that we would be publicly announcing. Obviously, we wouldn't do that for each of the given model types until we thought it was the right time commercially to announce those new products in the market. But there will be a significant trend and particularly with respect to a percent of sales of R&D spending.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: What are the rules you are going to look to in terms of when you would expect to announce those products?
Scott Donnelly: Cai, as you know when you announce a new product, it usually generates a pretty strong order flow and so really the gauge that we have to use as we go through the course of the year for each model type is understanding what the receptiveness is going to be out there in the market place. So in other word, we don't want to announce, a new upgrade or block point change or a new aircraft if we don't think theres going to be a reasonable level of commercial demand out there, again I think we saw some strength in the level of orders in the fourth quarter. I would say generally speaking, we do feel a higher level of interest, more inquiries y across the board in terms of new aircraft, but until we really feel pretty confident that there is going to be a strong receptivity, we wouldn't announce a new aircraft in the market.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Heidi Wood, Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: Can you talk a little bit on Cessna, how much are you sold out in 2010 vis--vis the deliveries that you have given us and also talk a little bit about the mix?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Heidi. The sold-out slots are approximately 70% going into the year. I don't know if theres a whole lot of variation as we go through the different models, obviously there is some, but in terms of our view of the strength of the plan, its pretty consistent across the various models, but in general its about 70%.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: Whats the update on the [white tails], where do you stand as of year end there.
Scott Donnelly: Well, with the white tails, we ended up delivering about 14 of them through the fourth quarter, more than we expected. So, we have about a similar number as we look into next year and obviously we consider that as part of the delivery forecast for next year 225s that we would liquidate all those, the balance of that white tails through the course of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: I wanted to just dive into Bell a little further. Can you tell us what kind of military growth versus commercial growth you are looking for in '10. And maybe you touched on the margin a little bit, but you are guiding to margin compression here. Why not better with the V-22 ramp coming in?
Doug Wilburne: First of all, on the mix of military and commercial, it kind of follows more or less with the unit forecast that we gave in the prepared remarks.
Scott Donnelly: So military is going to be a bigger contributor to that growth given as Doug said that unit mix. And that mix shift to military is one of the reasons that you are seeing the margin impact, that the military business has lower margins than the commercial business and the margins on V-22 continue to come up, are doing quite well, but its that mix shift.
Doug Wilburne: And its primarily on the H1 because we are still in a very low single digit [blocks] on that program.
Scott Donnelly: Yes, if you looked at the margin on V-22 is I would say at this point a very healthy military margin business. so were going to expect that to be sort of high single digit kind of numbers.H1 which has you know historically for us in the early lots was actually a negative margin program at one time and that is strengthening but and I would expect it overtime, we will get it up to be a healthy margin business. It will be positive for us next year, but from the mixed perspective as we ramp that volume is the lead one on margin and the other issue that we have is we have a brand new launch of the 429. And unfortunately and typically, a lot of these commercial programs, that one is not at the cost position that we would like it to be right now. But clearly its the very beginning of a learning curve. So ultimately I would say that would be a good margin, a very successful product for us, but it is going to be dilutive as we introduce the first 25 next year.
Doug Wilburne: And similar to Cessna we are ramping up R&D as well as we look forward to new model introductions on the future.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: If I think a little longer term and Im going out beyond 2010 and youve got all those programs continuing to ramp in the commercial business recovery and maybe the mix going back the other way. Can you maybe frame what kind of longer-term margin goal we could have here, could this be in the mid teens?
Scott Donnelly: Mid teens would be tough, just because we are going to have for the next three or four years as V-22 continues to grow. As H-1 continues to grow. Again I think if you think about those businesses, those product lines they are going to be strong, high single digit margin businesses. Clearly as the market recovers and you see more utilization that will help drive our commercial service business which is good margin business and we would need to get the margins improving on 429. So, I think the way to think about it is that we will have higher and higher mix shifting towards the military on V-22 and H-1, but the recovery on the commercial side of the business in both service and cost performance would kind of offset that growth and so we think we can we can hold these margins in the kind of guidance that we are giving you at this point as we look over the next two or three years. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of David Strauss, UBS. Please go ahead.
David Strauss - UBS: Scott and Frank, when would you expect to see a turn in the non-accruals and the delinquencies at TFC turn lower?
Scott Donnelly: Obviously we would like to think this is kind of plateauing at this point. The reality is of course as you look at the non-accrual is that the team is working very hard and I think we always have to keep in mind this is a liquidating portfolio right. So everyone of these accounts, whether its in non-accrual or not a non-accrual or worse delinquency is getting a lot of a pretty direct attention in terms of the path forward via restructuring activity, a sales activity. So we are working through these things sort of hand-to-hand combat, if you will regardless of whether its non-accrual or not. I think whats important to note is that regardless of the non-accrual status, be it there because of delinquency or be it there because of our judgment that over the long-term we dont think we will get full principal interest back, that this is all still well within the context of what we showed you guys in terms of the alternate liquidation of TFC i.e. the losses that we guided you towards and we presented and obviously we will give you an update to go through the full details again in the Analyst Day on the 9. That this all falls within that. So there is no material change to our view of what the ultimate total losses are going to be as we liquidate this portfolio.
David Strauss - UBS: Okay and then with your guidance today, does it imply any change to your forecast by segment for 2013. The growth rates you had given out for 2013 specifically looking at the defense business and systems, it looks like thats a little bit light in terms of the guidance.
Scott Donnelly: From our growth perspective?
David Strauss - UBS: So D&I systems, you laid out any 10% growth forecast out for 2013 and relative to that kind of ramp, the guidance looks a little bit light on the sales side for 2010.
Scott Donnelly: Again this is one we will probably give you more information when we do the Analyst Day, but I dont think its a huge change.
Frank Connor: I think at that time we indicated that most of those numbers were kind of backend loaded, certainly on the commercial side and I think that applies at Systems as well. So as Scott says, its really not a big departure.
David Strauss - UBS: Your cash restructuring spend, what was that in 2009, what are you looking at for 2010?
Scott Donnelly: About $50 million.
David Strauss - UBS: For 2010?
Scott Donnelly: Yes.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan of Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital: First on the restructuring you mentioned for 2010, the $30 million mostly at Cessna, can you give us a sense of kind of the big things you are going after there that are left to do, to the extent you can.
Scott Donnelly: Sure, the vast majority of that money is driven by the move of our Columbia storage facility to Mexico and also some of our back shop activity, facilities in Wichita and in Mexico.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital: Then on finance, can you give a little sense of what the environment is like out there in terms of alternative lenders or people interested in parts of this portfolio. You took some of the securitization back on in the quarter, started to unload it, give us a feel for what you are seeing out there.
Scott Donnelly: Its evolving obviously across the different asset classes, Shannon, the fact that we have done another movement with the private label or the private financing where we took, both the forward funding obligation as well as all the current receivables shows that there are more companies coming back into that space. So we saw a series of those transactions over the course of 2009, particularly late in 2009 and now at the beginning of 2010. So there clearly are more banks and financial institutions now that are wanting to move back into the space. There is yet to be seen as you think about the golf and the resort. Those are very different assets. We did see some securitizations that were done by some companies in the timeshare space in the latter part of 2009. So there is some money starting to come back into that. I think thats very much something that we will watch closely as we go through the course of 2010.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital: As you are thinking about the conversion going down to the mid-80s and how do you expect that to proceed, is this you know people prepaying earlier or actually exiting parts of the portfolio in bigger chunks, how do you see that. Whats envisioned in going down to the mid-80s on cash conversion.
Scott Donnelly: I think if you looked at 2009 where an awful lot of the liquidation came out of the distribution finance business. While we did some discount programs to move some of the assets, an awful lot of those assets moved apart. As people sold things as foreplanned and they were all collateralized and we got our money at par. So you had a mix that allowed us to keep in that mid 90s kind of range. As you look at more golf, you look at more resort, I think those were assets where we will do more discounting for someone to go refinance somewhere else or in some cases there might be, we anticipate people coming and saying, hey they would like to buy that asset in which case we would expect that would be something that we would do with some degree of discount associated with it.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa, JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: On the Cessna side, how many Mustangs are in the Q1 and for the full year?
Scott Donnelly: Its 105 for the full year, Steve and we haven't broken out the exact mix on a quarter-to-quarter basis. But its pretty uniform across the year.
Frank Connor: Yes, its a little lighter than uniform in the first quarter given kind of the low volume in the fiscal quarter, but the first quarter, a higher Mustang mix than the other quarters.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay and then just price cost in the fourth quarter, from Cessna, how is pricing holding up there?
Scott Donnelly: We were ever so slightly positive on the comparison.
Frank Connor: Yes. On the used side, as we said, we there was no kind of used writedown.
Scott Donnelly: We are still trying to be cautious obviously because its a fairly commercially sensitive area, but weve been hanging in there on the price side.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: And then one more question, you have a 1Q loss at Cessna. How about the second quarter, you limit your losses to the first half here and then does that ramp up in the second half or is it pretty linear from the first quarter to get to that modestly positive margin through the rest of the year?
Scott Donnelly: Lets talk about that at the end of the fiscal quarter after we get a better sense for how things are going volume wise because obviously it is going to depend on the volume. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Brian Jacoby, Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs: A couple of quick questions. One, can you just walk us through a little bit about the debt reduction that took place in the fourth quarter. Specifically it looks you know TFC had some bonds that came due, but it looks like you paid back a little bit more. Is that securitizations or what is the number of the debt reduction side, at both the [Ink] and the Finco. Did you pay any bank debt back. That's the question.
Frank Connor: No, we have not reduced the bank debt.
Scott Donnelly: We did have a securitization that we paid off in full in the fourth quarter that would have amortized into this year. So there was if you think of it as a prepayment in that sense on a securitization.
Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs: Okay so its all no-bank debt reduction. And then as you are looking at the line down on the portfolio, and you are saying you are going to come down closer to that mid to high 80s. Are you assuming a certain percent is just run off and a certain percent is potential just sales of the portfolio, can you give us any color on whats behind that assumption with that because it sounds like in the recent past you really werent counting on much in the way of outright liquidation to sales of the portfolio in 2010 and that maybe 2011, 2012 you could have that, but can you just give us some color there.
Frank Connor: Thats not changed and we do still expect the vast majority of the 2010 liquidation to come from runoffs. And we do kind of as you alluded to and we look at each one of the portfolios. So we make assumptions around what losses we are likely to encounter in terms for instance the balance of distribution advancements, which still has an awful lot of liquidation in 2010, but then we looked at more coming from golf, we would expect to see larger discounting to get people to refinance those properties. So, it is very much a mix of that, but generally speaking we still expect to be holding to the strategy that we had which was the 2010 will be predominantly a year where its more runoff, but I think there will be higher loss associated with some of the balance of what we have with distribution and finance and weve always assumed that we would have higher discounting or losses associated with things like the golf mortgage portfolio.
Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs: Last one related to TFC with the [XM Financing], if you could just update us on of the $500 million, how much youve utilized and theres just been some stories out talking about potential for other types of options at the XM bank where they could offer guarantees to customers and so forth similar to what they have done with Boeing. Is there any opportunity for additional financing options offered by XM?
Frank Connor: Sure, at year end, the number at XM was about $180 million. And we have a very good relationship with XM and this program has gone extremely well. We have regular dialogue with them and others about other financing alternatives. We are hopeful that we will in fact be able to get additional capacity out of XM over time. Our XM facility is structured differently than what XM has traditionally done where they have done for specific asset. This is in fact the facility and so weve already kind of moved with them to a different nature of a relationship than they have historically done and we would expect to kind of continue with the structure because its working well for us and its working well for them.
Scott Donnelly: This XM structure which as Frank said it works very well for us and we are very, very happy with it. It is different than what you typically see with [Boeing] where these are very large ticket kind of transaction. This has been set up as a facility that fits better with our line of business which is more of a flow, relatively speaking smaller tickets and a lot of different customers, now that [recourse] obviously comes back to us. But its proven to be very, very effective for us in the international markets and I think it works well for XM in terms of achieving the goals. We are not concerned frankly about getting to a point here where we don't have enough capacity into the XM line to support what we think is required for us in terms of international financing.
Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs: Credit guarantees were about lets say a third party bank could lend, whoever buys the jet and then they backstop that. Theres been chatter that that could be an option for business jets and helicopters that XM would pursue something like that. Is that anything youve heard or that could be in the works or no?
Scott Donnelly: Well, weve heard and talked about it and I think thats driven by the fact that other people, other manufacturers obviously would like to have some ability to access XM financing. But given that they don't have a financial service business, its trickier in terms of how you do that. So weve heard those things and frankly that would be great if that existed. We dont have a third party financing in there rather than us doing it, but these things arent easy because on a transaction-by-transaction basis, thats a lot of work to you know provide a $10 million financing whereas the facility we have set up with XM is pretty efficient, its more amenable to the kind of flow of a series of relatively small financings.
Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs: Okay, all right. I was just thinking of having from the credit side because credit side rather see less debt right, because when you borrow from XM, its still debt.
Scott Donnelly: If such a facility was put in place where there was a way of doing it, that would be terrific but its not something that being in place or not being in place doesnt have a huge impact on us right now because we do have the existing XM.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein, Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Elizabeth for Ron. I just wanted to follow up on Heidi's question regarding the Cessna filled out orders for the year. Its 70% of the 225 anticipated deliveries are sold out, what percentage of those are Mustangs?
Scott Donnelly: You know, we are not providing that. It awfully commercially sensitive to us frankly to give too much data around each of the particular models with respect to either available or pricing. So I think we would probably like to stay away from that level of detail.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Question from the line of Steve Levenson from Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Steve Levenson - Stifel Nicolaus: On V-22, what do you see is the maximum build rate and when do you expect to hit it?
Scott Donnelly: The current multi-year program ramps up to a total number of units thats about, when we go to 34 in 11, ultimately ramps can ramp up to the size of about 40 units. Thats out on say 2013.
Steve Levenson - Stifel Nicolaus: Right and are you seeing international interest, is there some point when you think that can kick in?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I fully expect that we will see international interest. Right now given the capacity, being pretty tied up at least through 2013, and that is not something thats imminent, but clearly we are expecting that there will be international opportunities. I think that the Marine Corps and the Air Force obviously from an interoperability perspective wasnt [realized], we would like to see this as a platform that goes international at some time. So absolutely we do see international opportunities for the aircraft, but I would only be cautious, theres not something imminent in that regard.
Steve Levenson - Stifel Nicolaus: In your expected deliveries for Cessna, do you have CJ4s built in and when do you expect them to start going in?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, the CJ4s, we expect first commercial deliveries in the second quarter and that will ramp up significantly from the second quarter through the third and ultimately fourth quarter.
Frank Connor: Theres about 15 of those in the year.
Steve Levenson - Stifel Nicolaus: Could you give any more thoughts about outsourcing, given the plans for the Columbus plants?
Scott Donnelly: I would make a particular comment with respect to outsourcing, theres certainly a lot of work going on with respect to our cost structure and where and how do we manufacture in the most efficient way. The things that we have announced are moving things out of some of our higher cost facilities into our own facilities down in Mexico. So thats a significant move. And technically its not outsourcing, because its a Cessna run facility in Mexico but we look at all avenues. If they can result in a better quality and lower cost, its on the table.
Steve Levenson - Stifel Nicolaus: And is that the same thought at Bell too?
Scott Donnelly: Absolutely.
Doug Wilburne: All right ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you on April 9 and we will talk to you then. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 11:00 a.m. today until April 30 at midnight. You may access AT&T executive play back service at any time by dialing 1-800-475- 6701 entering the access code 994808. International participants dial 1-320-365- 3844 and again, that access code is 994808. And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Wilburne - VP of IR Lewis Campbell - CEO Scott Donnelly - CEO Elect. Frank Connor - CFO
Analysts: Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley Ronald Epstein - Bank of America Securities-Merrill Lynch Robert Stallard - Macquarie David Straus - UBS Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Steve Levenson - Stifel 
Operator: Welcome to the Textron's third quarter earnings call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Doug Wilburne, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Doug Wilburne: Before we begin, I'd like to mention our discussion today will include remarks about future estimates and expectations. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our SEC filings and also in today's press release. You can also find our earnings call presentation and supplemental data accompanying today's call in the Investor Relations section of our website. On the call today we have Lewis Campbell, Textron's Chairman and CEO and Scott Donnelly, Textron's, President and Chief Operating Officer, and CEO Elect, and Frank Connor, Textron's Chief Financial Officer. Moving now to third quarter results, which appear on slide three of the earnings call presentation. Revenues in the quarter were $2.5 billion, down 27% from a year ago, which yielded GAAP income of $0.01 per share. Adjusted earnings from continuing operations excluding special charges were $0.12 per share, down $0.71 from a year ago. Textron recorded third quarter pre-tax special charges of $42 million, associated with the company's restructuring program. Manufacturing operations provided $327 million of cash flow during the quarter, bringing our year-to-date manufacturing cash flow to a positive $68 million, which, by the way, included $107 million in manufacturing restructuring cash outflows so far this year. With that, I'll turn the call over to Lewis.
Lewis Campbell: Given the economic environment we're still in, we had a positive quarter operationally and we accomplished a great deal to further improve our capital structure. Before I turn the call over to Scott and Frank, I want to provide some context for today's call. As you look back to where we were late last year, the combination of the global economic downturn, and a major disruption in the capital markets, created a set of unique business challenges for us. To counteract these challenges, we aggressively and relentlessly pursued a four-pronged approach that secured the future of Textron. First, we took actions throughout our manufacturing businesses and across the enterprise to take out costs to match our lower volumes. We also attacked working capital to generate stronger cash flow from operations. That should be evident this quarter. We aggressively took steps to rapidly liquidate our TFC non-captive receivables and you should know we are well ahead of plan. And finally, we strategically maneuvered our way through the disrupted capital markets and as a result we successfully completed equity, convert and debt offerings at relatively attractive terms. At the same time, we continue to invest in new products. So now, as we see additional signs of economic stability, the enterprise is solidly positioned for profitable growth when economic expansion returns. As most of you know already, today is my last Textron earnings call and I will be passing the CEO leadership baton to Scott on December 1, of this year. As I reflect back on my 17 years at Textron, I think about two distinct phases of shareholder growth and our ability to weather the economic storms that occurred at the end of each phase. Our first phase transpired during the decade of the 90's, as we were able to capitalize in a strong way on the vibrant economy. Combined with our renewed focus on operational excellence and numerous successful acquisitions, which began with the purchase of Cessna in 1992, our share price grew steadily through the 90's. Then, we had an economic retrenchment at the beginning of this decade. This was exacerbated by the events of 9/11 and our stock price contracted accordingly. Fortunately, we launched our major transformation initiative in early 2002, which you'll remember focused on the twin pillars of portfolio management and enterprise management. This major undertaking provided the momentum to produce the second growth phase in shareholder value that began in 2003. This phase continued until the latest economic downturn took its toll on our enterprise. I believe we've now weathered this latest storm, as well. We've done this due to the foundational strengths now in place as a result offer the transformation initiatives, the specific actions outlined earlier in my remarks, and, finally, and obviously, most importantly the strong leadership team we have in place at the top of the enterprise, as well as across each of our businesses. Ladies and gentlemen, we are poised to begin our next cycle of growth. I have utmost confidence in Scott, Frank and the rest of the team to lead this company into the next era of significant shareholder value creation. They have what it takes to win and are focused on doing just that. I'm also looking forward to working with Scott and his team as their non-Executive Chairman during a transition period that begins in December. Finally and sincerely, I also want to thank everyone on this call for your support and interest in Textron during our numerous interactions over the past 17 years. Now, it's my pleasure to pass the call over to our CEO-Elect, Scott Donnelly.
Scott Donnelly: Thank you, Lewis and good morning everyone. I just want to thank Lewis for his leadership in the company. It has been a real pleasure working with him over the past year and I certainly look forward to the opportunity to continue to do that in our new roles and to maintain the momentum we've built behind the company. As Doug mentioned, we delivered strong manufacturing cash flow of $327 million in the quarter, despite manufacturing volume declines of approximately 25%. These improvements reflect the cost actions and our continued focus on working capital management. Inventory in particular was the biggest driver of cash flow contributing $285 million in the quarter, or $377 million year-to-date. If you look at the Industrial segment, our cost actions were evident again in the quarter, as the segment posted positive cash and positive profit despite volumes being down 27%. Obviously, the economic environment remains challenging. However, we are seeing signs of improvement and expect to return to growth next year. In particular, global auto production is likely to increase as a result of a national replacement cycle. Our Kautex business also continues to win on new platforms. For example, our next generation fuel system was selected for several North American Ford models and we have also experienced growth in our traditional plastic fuel system for Fiat's popular European microcar, as that vehicle is introduced in the North American market. After a very difficult 2009, we believe golf courses are likely to increase their capital budgets for both replacement and maintenance of equipment at the courses. We also had a nice winter at E-Z-Go, capturing the fleet business at one of the world's largest golf facility, Mission Hills. These courses located in China consist of 12, 18-hole courses, four club houses, three academies and have already hosted over 50 international events. We expect to continue to pursue growth opportunities such as these across all our businesses, and this, and other emerging markets. Systems also posted another excellent quarter of execution, with solid margin generation of 13.5%. Volumes were up 14%, reflecting strong growth in our defense business, offset by lower Lycoming engine volumes, which were down about a third reflecting softness in the general aviation market. We see solid long-term growth over the next several years, as US and foreign military demand for our products is expected to remain strong and we continue to invest in new products. At Bell, our profits were up on lower revenues, reflecting continued progress on execution. Frank will go through the puts and takes on the revenue line, but Bell is still very much in the long-term ramp-up mode. For example, this quarter we delivered four V-22s and two H1s, compared to our expected full rate production targets of 10 V-22s and six H1s per quarter. So we see a tremendous amount of activity in producing components, susbsystems, and assemblies for increased deliveries for next year and beyond. On the commercial side, we have seen continued softness in the commercial helicopter market over the past three quarters. However, we have recently seen a pick up in interest levels in sales inquiries, particularly in our light helicopter lines. Our new 429 introduction continues to go well. We do not show 429 orders in the backlog yet, pending completion of contract conversion processes, but we have already received second deposits on 50 units and are working on another 50 or so at this time. We will be ramping 429 production, delivering several additional units this year, going to about 25 in 2010, and 40 in 2011. So overall, the strong long-term growth outlook at Bell, for both commercial and military is intact. At Cessna, I think we had a pretty good quarter. Most importantly, we continue to see encouraging signs in the marketplace, and as we've previously forecast, Cessna delivered significant positive cash flow in the quarter. We had a few additional jet deliveries late in the quarter, indicative that markets are stabilizing, customers are taking scheduled delivers and new customers are placing 2009 orders. Improved used aircraft performance is also a factor, as we also see stabilization in that market. In fact, we actually had a slight positive profit contribution in the quarter from used aircraft activity. Q3 used aircraft sales were 17, about 10 of those under our 'No Worries' Program, bringing our year-to-date total of 39 used aircraft, 24 of which are under our 'No Worries' program. As a result used Citation availability is down to 16%, that's down from 17.3% at the end of the second quarter. ADUs were also stable at 0.65 hours and that's flat with Q2. On the order front we had 119 cancellations. I think it's particularly important that we understand the dynamics in the order book. If you look at 2009 in the quarter, we had 11 new orders and only two cancellations. For 2010, we actually had no cancellations and five orders and therefore, all the bulk of the cancellations, the vast majority of the cancellation activity in the quarter was in the 2011 and beyond, I think reflecting customer uncertainty, as you look two, three years out into the future. So there is no question, as we look at those numbers in terms of near-term '09 and '10, orders and cancellations, we are encouraged of what we see in the marketplace. As a result, we feel confident about the 275 deliveries that we forecast for this year, and frankly see potential for a few more, assuming the momentum we see in the third quarter continues. Longer term, we do expect the relationship between corporate profits and jet deliveries to hold. Accordingly are anticipating slower or softer 2010 and '09, with recovery beginning in 2011. We continue to make very good progress collecting cash and liquidating our non-captive portfolio of TFC. If you look at slide four you see the Q3 liquidations of $704 million, that's a year-to-date total of $2.9 billion, bringing our managed receivables down to $7.9 billion from $10.8 billion. The largest reduction again was in distribution finance of $452 million. We also saw $63 million reduction as a result of 18 prepayments and our sales in the quarter in our golf portfolio. If you look at slide five you can see that cash conversion is still very strong. Our cash conversion ratio in Q3 was 95%, bringing our year-to-date total to 94%. While we still expect to see this decline overtime, it was certainly another encouraging quarter. Slide six reflects our credit performance and it's consistent with our expectations involving challenges our customers' see in this economic cycle. Non-accruals added about $155 million, bringing non-accruals to a total of $838 million. The additions in the quarter were primarily driven by resorts, of about two-thirds of those increases and about one-third of the increase in our aircraft portfolio. On the other hand 60-day delinquencies were essentially flat, with Q3 coming in at $440 million, down modestly from the second quarter of $447 million. The delinquency percentage went up to 7.3% from 6.6%, reflecting the smaller portfolio. Charge-offs in the quarter were also flat, with Q2 at $23 million. Certainly, we expect to see these charge-offs increase as we go forward in continuing our liquidation. Loss provisions were higher in the quarter, $18 million, strengthening and in the quarter at $302 million. So looking forward we certainly expect non-accruals and delinquencies will remain high, but still well within the expectations embedded in our long-terms liquidation plan. Accordingly, we fully expect liquidations and cash conversion to proceed consistent with our plan. Frank will go through the specifics. We are making good progress in our balance sheet and our overall liquidity position. We were encouraged by our improved access in the capital markets, as we successfully executed new term debt while tendering for current debt. This reflects our balance in trying to extend our maturities while minimizing our cost of capital. So in summary I would say, we delivered a solid quarter with many encouraging trends. We believe these trends alleviate a number of the risks we look at as we start to think about 2010. In the meantime, we'll continue to prepare for the future by focusing on our operating performance and continuing to make appropriate investments for future growth opportunities. I'm extremely pleased to lead this company at a time of great opportunity and I look forward to working on behalf of our shareholders to build long-term value. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Connor: Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone. Let's begin by examining the major drivers of this $0.71 of year-over-year reduction in adjusted EPS, which are outlined on slide seven. As you would expect the largest item was lower manufacturing volume, which reduced EPS by $0.91 per share. TCF's lower earnings cost $0.22. Manufacturing achieved positive pricing of 1.5%, which added $0.10 per share. This was offset by $0.11 of inflation, reflecting an inflation rate of 1.3%. Overall cost performance, including reduced SG&A benefited the quarter by $0.40 per share, and taxes and miscellaneous items added $0.03 per share. Moving to our restructuring program, we've added number of additional actions around the company to further eliminate overhead and consolidate facilities. So we are now expecting total 2009 program charges of about $240 million, which is $40 million higher than our previous estimate. Now let's discuss the year-over-year drivers in each of these segments, starting with Cessna. Cessna revenues decreased $293 million, primarily reflecting delivery of 68 Citation jets compared to 124 last year. After market revenues were also down 16%. Incidentally, this was a less severe reduction than the 28% decrease experienced in the second quarter. On the other hand, as Scott mentioned, we had fairly significant used aircraft sales in the quarter, with used aircraft revenues up $31 million from last year. Cessna profits for the quarter decreased $206 million, primarily due to the lower sales volume and the related costs associated with idle capacity and temporary plant shutdowns. The impact of lower volumes was partially offset by lower engineering and SG&A expenses, which included the net impact of furloughs taken through the summer months and the impact of customer deposit forfeitures. Backlog at the end of the third quarter was $6.9 billion, a decline of $1.3 billion from the second quarter. Looking forward to the fourth quarter, even with the potential upside Scott mentioned, margins will be somewhat challenged relative to our third quarter run rate as a result of lower deliveries. This applies to next year as well, as we produce at volumes below this year's level and expect deliveries to remain low. We're working closely with Cessna to identify additional opportunities to improve our cost structure, but we're still working on some of these plans. So don't expect to see the benefit of those activities until later in 2010 and into 2011. Looking at Industrial, revenues for this segment decreased $203 million, largely due to lower volumes. Profit was unchanged from last year as the impact from lower volume was primarily offset by significantly improved cost performance. Moving to Textron Systems; revenue increased $61 million, primarily due to higher volume on unmanned aircraft systems, which was partially offset by lower Lycoming Aircraft Engine volumes. Segment profit increased by $1 million and margins were strong at 13.5%. The increase in profit reflected the impact of higher defense volumes, substantially offset by the impact of lower aircraft engine volumes and an intangible impairment charge. Backlog at the end of the third quarter was $1.8 billion, down $130 million from the second quarter. Moving to Bell, third quarter revenues decreased $74 million, primarily as a result of lower commercial revenues. Lower commercial revenues reflected lower aftermarket activity in the delivery of 31 helicopters, versus 49 last year. On the military side, revenues were up slightly, with higher revenues for the V-22, H1 and Kiowa Warrior reset programs and aftermarket activities, which offset the loss of last year's $32 million of revenue for the cancelled ARH program. Bell's segment profit increased by $16 million due to lower SG&A, a gain from the termination of an FX hedge contract, higher customer funding on R&D, and pricing in excess of inflation. These increases were partially offset by lower volume and an unfavorable change in mix. Bell backlog at the end of the third quarter was $5.6 billion, down about $250 million from the penned of last quarter. Finally, let's cover TFC. Revenues decreased $113 million and segment profit was down $82 million, primarily due to higher portfolio losses, lower other income, and securitization gains, and the impact of lower average finance receivables. These items were partially offset by the accretion for previous mark-to-market adjustments and gains on early debt extinguishment. Revenue was also impacted by lower market interest rates, while segment loss reflected an increase in loan loss provisions. With respect to liquidations we remain on track to meet or possibly exceed our previously communicated 2009 target of $3.4 billion. Now, let's discuss Textron's overall capital structure for which we made significant additional progress during the quarter as Lewis noted. Most notably, we issued a dual-tranche offering of $600 million in senior unsecured notes in September, which extended our overall debt maturity profile. The offering consisted of $300 million of notes due in March 2015, with a coupon of 6.2%, and $250 million, due October 2019, with a coupon of 7.25%. We were very pleased with the market receptivity for the offering, which was very heavily oversubscribed. We also continue to retire debt through open-market repurchases in a series of tender offers. In total, we have early retired about $1.25 billion of debt this year to-date, at an average discount of 2.6%, roughly $662 million via open-market repurchases and $587 million via tender offers. Specifically, in the third quarter, we had $265 million of open market repurchases, and just under $125 million of tender offers closed. The remaining portion of the tender offers, about $465 million, did not close by the end of the quarter, so the impact of this portion of the tender offer will not be reflected on our balance sheet until year-end. Finally, we commenced international funding of Textron aircraft through our new Ex-Im facility at the end of the quarter, which also extends the maturity of our capital structure, as we originate new captive receivables from international sales activity. Looking longer term at our capital structure, we plan to continue to extend maturities and reduce enterprise debt as we downsize TFC. To conclude, we are continuing to make solid progress with our liquidation plan at TFC and our overall Textron liquidity position and capital structure. With the actions we've taken to reduce our cost structure on the manufacturing side of the business, when the economy recovers, we would expect significant operating leverage as we ramp up volumes. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Doug.
Doug Wilburne: Thanks, Frank. If you will now turn to slide eight, you will see, given our performance and trends in the third quarter, we expect that our full year EPS outlook will be in the upper end of our $0.33 to $0.63 per share range. Likewise, we're on track to deliver full-year manufacturing cash flow in the range of $300 million to $400 million. This estimate includes approximately $130 million in 2009 cash costs for manufacturing restructuring activities. Turning now to slide nine you'll see our segment outlook items. On that page you'll notice that we've widened the range of pre-tax loss for the finance segment. As a result they could vary to the extent we exceed our liquidation target for the year. There are also two items we want to note that arise from our recent higher stock price. First is, you'll see that the corporate expense forecast is now $165 million, $20 million higher than before. This is primarily due to increased stock based compensation expense resulting from our higher share price. The second stock price item relates to share dilution resulting from our $600 million convertible debt offering that was executed in May. As you will recall, we entered into a Call Spread Transaction that increased the effective conversion premium on the convertible from 25% to 50%. Slide 10 provides an explanation of the accounting and economic share dilution related to the transactions, as the accounting treatment does not reflect the anti-dilutive benefit of the purchase call option from the call spread. I also have to point out, if you downloaded the presentation materials before 8 o'clock, a couple of numbers were wrong on slide 10. Specifically, fully diluted shares should read 278.4 million shares and the non-GAAP diluted shares should read 273.6. Going on, then, obviously, the level of dilution is going to change depending on what our share price is, so to help facilitate calculations of future dilution, we posted a downloadable schedule on the IR section of our website, detailing the dilution calculation and demonstrating dilution impacts at various share prices. At this point, operator, we're pleased to take calls at this time. I would just please ask people to limit your questions to one question and a follow-up to be fair to all the callers.
Operator: Our first question will come from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs,
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: The company has several management changes all taking place at the same time. Scott moving to CEO and Frank coming in, and calling up Warren to TFC and you've had John Garrison move from Industrial to Bell. Can you just talk about why investors should not be concerned that all these management changes are going on at the same time, and what the two or three big focus items are here?
Scott Donnelly: I'll take a shot at it. First of all, in terms of my role in the transition with Lewis, this has been going on for almost a year and a half, since I got to the company, so he and I have been working very closely and most of the issues that surround both the operational aspects of the company and the TFC liquidations. I think there has been a again year and half, pretty fair bit of overlap in there, so I feel pretty comfortable about that. Obviously, with Frank coming in, that's a transition that we thought was appropriate. I think he has proven here in a very short period of time to really diving in the details of the company, know it very well and he is transitioning extremely smoothly. Of course, we have I think a very strong team behind Frank. Dick Yates, in the time that he was acting in that roll, as Controller, did a great job and of course is also one of Frank's key guys to this point. So I think that we aren't going to drop any balls as we make that transition. John, of course, going down to Bell, that's a transition that had been planned for sometime. Dick went down there with the expectations of a couple-year role to sort of secure things operationally and get the business back into a profitable growth mode. I think he did that. He did a great job of it, but we also recognize the need that we need to put a long-term player at Bell, and I think right now with the V-22 multi year, with the H1 coming full rate production, 429 just certifying, I mean it was a perfect time to make a transition and get somebody new in there, just got the time to get to other customers, ramp up the business and be in position for some time. I think when you look at the key roles, there's no question, I mean it is several key assignments all at the same time, but I think given the overlaps that have happened and the key players that we still have here supporting some of those roles that takes a fair bit of risk out of it.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: I know you guys aren't giving 2010 guidance today, but the consensus revenue number has you down in the mid-single digits on the topline. You just mentioned the programs at Bell that can look like they can drive growth there. You've talked about Systems being the fastest grower in the company. I think in your prepared remarks you said Industrial is growing again in 2010. One of the manufacturing businesses you think is down in '10 is Cessna. So with everything you know today, do you think that 2010 topline is up or down?
Scott Donnelly: We haven't given 2010 yet, but I think if you take the constituent parts you're right. I mean I do think we'll see some upside in Industrial, with some of those businesses coming back. There is no question Bell will see topline growth as V-22 and H1 continue to ramp. Systems, again solid backlog, good defense businesses. I would like to think that there will be some recovery in the like GE market and the Lycoming side, but even without that I think we'll see some good growth there. Of course, the wild card here will be Cessna, and where does the business jet market go. So we're still working through. Frankly with the way the year has been, the market now, a couple of more months of understanding where the market heads, what the orders look like will give us a more refined view of jet deliveries in 2010, that's really what is going to drive that topline. What impact that has in terms of balancing against the growth of the other segments. So, I'm not sure I can answer a lot more for you right now without being pretty explicit about 2010 guidance, and we just really don't have that yet. I mean I really do think we have a couple of more months to get a good feel on where the year is going to finish for Cessna and what our expectations are for next year.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Cai von Rumohr from Cowen & Company.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: Could you give us a little more color on Cessna? You mentioned you had some used aircraft profits. You had some I guess deposit forfeitures. Just so we can get a sense of the profitability there and as you look at the fourth quarter you had a terrific mix with a lot of Sovereigns. Whether the mix looks a lot leaner in the fourth quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Well, let me first address the used issue. I think if you look at some slight profitability in used aircraft in the quarter that was obviously particularly strong in the contrast of the previous quarters, where we had been taking write downs based on the fair market value of the assets. I think that's the simple thing that we see not just our own used aircrafts sales, but in the industry of stabilizing of the used aircraft pricing, in fact, in some cases, actually seeing some early signs of beginning to see some increases in the used aircraft pricing, which is obviously a positive sign. It's good in terms of our used aircraft business and it's certainly bodes well in terms of a lot of our new aircraft customers that need to have a liquid market to sell their used aircrafts. So, I think that's the primary driver. Obviously, our expectations are, having now sort of hit the bottom of the trough on used aircraft pricing, we'd just like to see that be stable and at least be a breakeven, if not, continue to be a net profit generator here as we continue selling used aircraft. I won't give you a whole lot of visibility I guess yet on the mix in terms of the specifics around the fourth quarter, other than to point out that obviously the volume of jets will be lower than it was in the third quarter, and that's kind of what we expect to see, frankly, going through 2010. I think we've kind of hit the bottom of this thing, but we're going to be running at a lower rate of production deliveries than we saw even through the first few quarters of 2009.
Frank Connor: Just to be specific on that little bit Cai, in the fourth quarter with the lower jet deliveries our jet revenues will be down $50 million to $75 million depending on the exact number we ship and what kind of mix they have. So that's really what's going to kind of pressure margins a little bit in the fourth quarter.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Company: You had this terrific performance at both Bell and Systems, businesses that are very heavily defense and margins that are at levels, it looked like they're difficult to improve upon. As you think about Bell next year, with the mix shifting toward the V-22 that's ramping that at one point had margins I think in the mid to high single-digits, are those margins sustainable at Bell?
Scott Donnelly: Well, Cai, I mean there is no question that in this particular quarter, as Frank already mentioned, we had an unwind of a foreign currency contract of $11 million in there, so that inflated it a little bit in the quarter, but still the underlying performance I think in the business is quite strong and you can expect it even with a significant amount of reinvestment that we are going to be making in our product lines that we can maintain that business in a double-digit position. The V-22 profitability is solved, H1 is coming around. It used to be obviously quite a drag for us, but I think we'll get to a respectable profit. We all know that on military contracts you're not going to see high levels of profit, but then you take those as a good solid base of business. Our commercial and military spares business, which are good businesses, which tend to be higher profit margin businesses, we'll be able to maintain numbers in that double-digit range.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Heidi Wood with Morgan Stanley.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: Question for you, Frank. At the low end of the 5% to 6% range for margins on Cessna for the year it looks like there has to be losses in the fourth quarter. Is that the right trajectory for us to set expectations that seems to be mildly in the red in Q4 and extend that way at least for the first couple of quarters into 2010?
Frank Connor: I would say in terms of the fourth quarter, as we've indicated, we are expecting low single-digit margins, but we're hopeful with the activity levels that we're seeing right now that we're going to be profitable there, that we're not going to dip into loss position. Our expectation is that those margins will be low. And as we've said, we expect that to continue into the first half of next year before we begin to ramp in the second half of the next year, as a result of hopefully a continuing improvement in market conditions and the cost measures that we are putting in place.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: So just as we visualize it, if we think of you being potentially mildly in the red in the first half of the year, heading into the black, but restrained a bit by rising R&D, but you net-net in the black by year-end 2010, is that the right way for us to think about it?
Frank Connor: Certainly in the black by yearend 2010. Again, we're still in the planning process for next year, and so, in terms of the quarterly progression, I think we'll stick with what we've said, which is, the same type of drag as we're experiencing or expect to experience in the fourth quarter, first half of the year, and then ramping from there.
Heidi Wood - Morgan Stanley: Scott, take a stab at this, from a high level can you give us any color on how you're thinking about managed receivable into 2010? How do you see it declining, or do resort and gulf finance stay flattish in 2010?
Scott Donnelly: I think, we've started to do see some of the golf run-off, and I think we will see that. So, if you think about receivables for next year, the bulk of the liquidations will still come through the shorter cycle distribution finance and asset-based lending businesses and those will run down pretty dramatically to the end of 2010. I think you'd expect to see golf becoming a stronger portion over the course of the year. In fact, we had a fair bit, $63 million in the third quarter this year, so that will become a stronger piece as we move toward the end of next year. Resort we still see that staying flattish. Obviously, we are looking for opportunities to make moves there, but that's just one market where we don't see a whole lot of other capital coming back in, yet. So, I'm sort of thinking we'll maintain our receivables range through the balance of 2010 in the resort area.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ronald Epstein from Merrill Lynch, please go ahead.
Ronald Epstein - Bank of America Securities-Merrill Lynch: Scott, when you think about all the changes that have gone on at Cessna, right, I mean in terms of the manufacturing workforce, isn't it about 40% have been let go? How do you think about managing that company into the next upturn and how do you prepare yourself for that when that happens?
Scott Donnelly: Obviously, we took out almost half of the labors there. It was the only way to rapidly scale the business. Now the good news is that the fundamental capital equipment, the capability to ramp that thing up frankly over 500 jets, which is what we've put in place going into 2009, is still there. So when you think about hard capital, and metal bonding, and paint shops, and assembly capacity, it's all there. Obviously, a big part of any ramp-up will include our supply base. An awful lot of the technology, the engines, the avionics systems and what not, are sourced product and as we think about our 2010 forecast and then based on where the market is going and we think about how that is going to grow as it goes through its normal cycle, following year's corporate profits, an awful lot of the work will have to be done with work with our supply base in anticipation of that ramp. I'd suspect that if you talk to those guys you will find very much the same story. The physical capacity is in place and we've all had to ramp down in terms of our employment just to scale it back. So I think as you think about ramping this up, frankly we think we are long way from our getting to a point where you're testing the capacity that's in place either at our shop or at our supplier shop. So I just think it's going to have to be a reasonable job of forecasting and the basic plant and equipments in place to do it.
Ronald Epstein - Bank of America Securities-Merrill Lynch: Do you expect for the next ramp up that Cessna would be less vertically integrated than it is today? Cessna notoriously has been pretty vertically integrated, right, as you move into the next ramp up will you try to do more outsourcing?
Scott Donnelly: I will tell you one of the things we want to focus on here as we go through the cycle is making sure that we improve our cost position, so we're going to put a lot of energy into that. Whether that's outsourcing, whether it's changing our footprints, I mean these are all things we have to look at in terms of making sure we are going to be very, very cost competitive as we go into the next cycle. So if the right answer is to outsource, in order to get the right cost position, then that's certainly something we're open to doing. In the end it all comes down to being, what's the right decision to really reduce our cost base and make sure we're still competitive.
Lewis Campbell: This is Lewis. The thing I'd add there is, this isn't the first time we've had to do this, it's a more major downturn than we've seen relative to the volume and the workforce we had in place when we had to take it down, but Jack Pelton's been through one cycle and many of the Cessna guys have been through two. So if you put on a worry list of the top 10, I wouldn't even have the ramp-up on the worry list, because we're good at that. We're a preferred customer by our suppliers. We're a preferred place to work for our employees. Actually as Scott said, we'll end up being more efficient as we ramp back up, because when you're turning it down you find areas of waste that you just overlooked or didn't have time to get to. So we pretty much got rid of all of those. So I expect us to come back a lot more lean and mean than when we went into the downturn.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Macquarie.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie: Just to follow up on Ron's question on Cessna. I was wondering if you could comment on how the international versus domestic demand has been shaping out, because, Scott as you said, in the past corporate profits tends to be the major driver, but if you look overseas there could be slightly different nuances driving demand?
Scott Donnelly: Absolutely, Robert. There is no question that as we've seen customers coming in and placing orders for 2009 aircraft and 2010 aircraft here over the last few months as it started to sort of strengthen, the bulk of that has been driven by international customers. I think it's just a phenomenon that if you look at the countries around the world, whose economies are recovering faster going through the cycle, it's those who are driven by either energy or commodities. So if you look at where the demand is coming from, as you'd sort of expect, that's where we're seeing the bulk of the folks that are coming back into the market the fastest. I would expect the US economy, if it's really going to recover on what most economists look at, that's where we would say you'd would start to see strengthening in that order book really probably not till mid to late 2010 for 2011 and on deliveries. I think if you look at just the corporate profits and how that drives the jet cycle, and you make some allowance for the fact that some economies recover faster than others, I think that's the behavior we're seeing. So it is largely internationally driven, but we're starting to see inquiries on the US side.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie: Quickly to follow-up on the Textron Systems. 13.5% margins in the quarter as Cai was saying that's very good. You said Lycoming was down, defense was up, are there any other unusual items we should be aware of that you don't expect to be there going forward?:
Scott Donnelly: Nothing in particular, Rob.
Frank Connor: Nothing predictable, Rob.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie: So, you think that is a fairly sustainable rate then going forward from here?
Scott Donnelly: 13.5% is awfully strong in a military business. There is no question that we have some contracts that are multi-year deals, where we've been able to drive a lot of cross productivity and drive improvement that put that out there. So I would say it's probably at the high end of the range, but I mean it's a business that is going to clearly stay a solid double-digit business.
Frank Connor: It's just above the upper end obviously of the longer term profitability ranges that we've given to you before.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Straus from UBS.
David Straus - UBS: I know you haven't given us your delivery specific forecast Cessna for 2010, but can you give us a sense on whatever forecast that may be how sold you actually are on it?
Frank Connor: We are able to, we're not sure we want to.
Scott Donnelly: We really don't at this point. We haven't. Honestly, as we got a couple of months here left in the year, the market is changing, certainly has been strengthening here over the past few quarters. I think this month or this past quarter where we saw five orders in '10, and no cancellations in '10, is a positive sign for us. We'd really like to be able to take the next couple of quarters of information and come out with a much more credible view of what we think is going to happen in 2010. So, in terms of our sold positions, depending on how things play out, if you look at, what we consider high-risk aircraft, are they going to stay in the sold, or are they going to turn into some cancellations, there is still a lot of variability around that. I would say at this point it is probably not different than a lot of historical years.
Frank Connor: That's right.
Scott Donnelly: When you look at Cessna, I mean, I think we're coming through a period here where we had years of sold out, which is quite unusual for the market, and we would expect to go back into a mode here in the future that is more normal, where you might have 70% or 80% of your backlog for the year sold out as you head into it and the remaining 20% or 30% is done along the year.
David Straus - UBS: Okay. That's good color. The $838 million in non-accruals, how reserved are you against that? I know you talked about the $302 million lost provision, but what about mark to market reserves or anything else beyond that loss provision?
Scott Donnelly: Well, the mark-to-market of course is a separate account, not covered there. So the reserves, the general provisions of $302 million are only against those assets that are held for investment. The mark-to-market number we're looking up for you right now. We'll have to get that back out here for you later. Just to give you some color on the non-accruals, I mean it's important to understand that non-accruals can get in there because they're either 90-day delinquent or because we are using our judgment based on our belief that we may not recover full principal and interest on the account. So if you look at those non-accruals we're still sitting in a position right now where about half of those non-accruals are actually performing accounts. So they are paying, but we're concerned in the future that we may not get full principal and interest. So beyond that, of course, we sit down and we look at every single one of those non-accruals and a portion, appropriate reserves, based on of course underlying collateral value and what we believe a workout scenario would result and in terms of our actual losses and that is the reserve we would post. So when you look at that $302 million, that's the reserves that we have posted against the bulk of probably of our accounts that are non-accrual, but also from a general reserves.
David Straus - UBS: Last one on the cash flow side, what are you assuming now for cash restructuring spend, and then also pension in '09 and maybe into '10 as well, if you have that.
Scott Donnelly: The pension, as we finished the year here, doesn't require cash contribution till 2011. So there is no cash requirement in 2010.
Frank Connor: We have our normal cash contributions of like $75 million or $80 million.
Scott Donnelly: Right. So there's no required commitment to put more cash in to cover the obligations based on the way the pension accounting works. So that is a 2011 requirement. In terms of cash in 2010, we don't have that number for you, yet. Frankly, we're still working and looking at what the total restructuring program would be and that's something that we'll probably give you guidance on when we get to the January call.
David Straus - UBS: Okay. I think you had said $150 million in cash spend in '09 on $200 million but now you're at $240 million. I assume that bumped up a little bit.
Scott Donnelly: In terms of the amount of cash?
David Straus - UBS: Yes, cash '09.
Frank Connor: I gave the cash. That was the $150 million for the year.
David Straus - UBS: Okay. So no change.
Scott Donnelly: That's total reflecting the $240 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan from Barclays Capital.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital: Couple of questions on TFC. The cash conversion actually got better this quarter. I know you keep saying we expect it to trend down, but we're still at 95% now for the quarter, and then you look at charge-offs, and you guys earlier in the year were talking about charge-offs of 3.5% this year, and we're still nowhere near that. So, I mean, when do you really expect to see these things head in the direction you're talking about and why do you think they have been better so far?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think that if you look at where the bulk of the liquidation has come from in the distribution finance world, we've done better than we would have expected in terms of realizing value on those assets as we have done the liquidations, but I think when you think about going forward and looking at things like golf and resort, those are the kind of asset classes that frankly we think will be a little bit more challenged in term of the value that we get compared to the receivables balance. So, that's what has led us to strengthen the reserve, the loss provisions. As we think about the total unlined, we certainly expect that we will see some higher losses and lower cash conversion rates going forward. So that's arguably probably a conservative view, but we don't have as good an insight yet in areas like golf or resort, and we want to make sure that we set the right expectations in terms of what the overall losses are as we continue this multi-year liquidation. We just want to make sure that we're clear with you guys and make sure that we stay in the box, it's kind of how I think about it in terms of making sure that we never get into a position where we have to infuse any equity into TFC.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital: Okay. Then on Cessna, in terms of the production, when does production trough essentially on a quarterly basis at Cessna?
Scott Donnelly: I think we're kind of there now. As we came out of the shutdowns in July time frame, we really set production rates at what our expectations were on a go-forward basis. Now, a lot of that is also managed through furloughs of specific model lines and thinks like that. So, again as we go through the balance of this year and determine what we think is really going to happen in 2010, obviously, one of the things we have to look at is what happens to the white tails this year. As I said earlier, there is a possibility that we could eat into a few of those. If we continue to see some of the strengthening we've seen in 2009 and as a result we would make appropriate adjustments in the production lines going into 2010, but I think they would pretty modest to be honest with you and it largely would be achieved by potentially reducing some of the furloughs on specific lines. For the most part we have the material, and our suppliers have materials, so we could flex a few jets here or there.
Frank Connor: Before we go to the next question I just wanted to respond to David's question about the mark-to-market reserve. We're at $212 million in that category. So Cynthia we're ready for the neck question.
Operator: That will come from the line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan, please go ahead.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Just quickly on TFC, the cash flow statement, you have $745 million of finance receivables repaid and then $660 million of receivables purchased or originated. What are the dynamics there, what does the $663 represent to cash outflow?
Frank Connor: I think it primarily relates to aircraft and private brand and other captive originations, Steve?
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Then when you look at the captive receivables, they still went down, I think.
Frank Connor: Well, that's the net number.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Got you. Okay. So when you look out for Cessna, could you just give an update on the white tails, and is there any kind of change as to, given that you're getting a few more orders now, which is pretty encouraging, is there any change in the details around the white tails you'll have at the end of the year? Also I know this is kind of crazy to be asking it at this stage of the game, but any orders that you're seeing from China at all? I know one of your competitors talked about a few orders. Anything percolating there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, first of all, the guidance that we had around sort of 275, left us with about 30 white tails for the year. I do think if we do continue to see the deliveries, the orders, the overall market condition that we've seem to have seen here for the last couple of quarters I do believe we can beat the 275. So, I mean, we're talking about maybe three or four airplanes, something like that. So that would eat into the 30 white tails we have over the end of the years. That's, obviously, still a lot of moving pieces there in terms of what's going on with deliveries, but I do think we probably will exceed the 275 modestly. In terms of China specifically, Steve, I know we had an order here just recently of several Sovereigns into China. So there is no question that the government over there is; a, they're taking some deliveries of aircraft and they continue to be very vocal in supporting the growth of GA in the marketplace.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: And several means what?
Scott Donnelly: We had three Sovereigns that are 2010 deliveries at this time.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Got you.
Frank Connor: Steve don't forget, we've sold single-engine piston aircraft in there for their training schools, so we've got some pretty good future orders we'd expect bade based on the fact that pilots learn to fly on our aircraft.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Is there any way to get some level of inquiries or anything like that to kind of give us a look at whether it's just kind of a one-off or if there is something little more sustainable here?
Scott Donnelly: Steve, there probably is. I mean I don't have that data in front of me, but it's certainly something that we can take a look at, maybe talk about on the next call if you would like.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: One last quick question on TFC.
Frank Connor: Let me mention one thing qualitatively, because I think this China story might be getting a little ahead of itself. It is a huge potential market. There are early things beginning to happen over there that may signal that over time the skies are going to open up and that that business will develop, but it's going to take time, not only from a regulatory perspective but also from an infrastructure and pilot availability and all of that sort of things. So it's a very excellent long-term story, but it's going to take some time yet.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Certainly, I agree with you there. One last question on TFC. Are you extending some of these some of these receivables with the customers you have either in distribution finance or some of the other things you are winding down. If you are extending some of these deals, are you pricing appropriately for the risk of maintaining a relationship with these guys going forward, and if you could give us any idea of the magnitude of that pricing, or is it just, the guys who can't pay you today, extend them, and at similar terms until they can get the cash, or until they can find somebody else to fund their business?
Scott Donnelly: Steve, generally speaking, we put the letters out there telling folks that we aren't going to be there and we are not going to do any more financing and we've pretty much held to that. so if you look at originations in DFG, those have been limited to the contractual obligations we had in our private brands business, and the pricing was as negotiated in those terms. Of curse, as you know, those are either ending or we've been successful at trying to transition those to other sources of funding. Generally speaking, other dealers with whom we did not have a contractual, private brands type of relationship, we have not been financing them. In fact that has resulted into obviously some difficult business decisions, but we are exiting and not participating in that kind of forward funding.
Doug Wilburne: Cynthia, we're getting close to the top of the hour here, I know we have several folks in queue yet, but we only have time for about one more call and the folk in queue, if you call us the IR office, we'll be happy to service your questions, as well. Go ahead, Cynthia.
Operator: That will come from the line of Steve Levenson from Stifel.
Steve Levenson - Stifel: You talked about outsourcing or lack of outsourcing at Cessna. Can tell us what the strategy is at Bell? It looks like from some contracts that you've been awarded it might be getting little bigger there.
Scott Donnelly: I want to be clear on this notion of insourcing or outsourcing, and whether it is Cessna, or Bell, or all of our businesses, for that matter. I mean as we look at our cost structure, obviously, we have a big focus on trying to reduce that on a go-forward basis, and so we look every time at our make buy decisions, is it more cost effective for us to do something inside or outside. So that's a pretty rigorous process. So I wouldn't say that I just really have a bias to say, I am going to do things outside or I am going to do things inside. We look at it on a pure economic basis. If we can find a way to get the cost and drive the cost lower that uses capability we already have inside that's great, if it's a cheaper and more cost effective way to do it on the outside, then we'll absolutely support doing it on the outside.
Doug Wilburne: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using ATT Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Lewis Campbell - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Scott Donnelly - President & Chief Operating Officer Doug Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts:  Steve Tusa - JP Morgan  David Strauss - UBS Jeff Sprague - Citigroup [Scott Brugle] - Davidson Kempner Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co. Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Shannon OCallaghan - Barclays Ron Epstein - BOA Robert Stallard - Macquarie
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Textron second quarter earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later well conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Doug Wilburne, Vice President of Investor Relations, please go ahead.
Doug Wilburne: Thanks Teddy and good morning everyone. Before we begin Id like to mention our discussion today will include remarks about future estimates and expectations. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our filings and also into todays press release. You can also find an earnings call presentation slide deck containing key data items from todays call in the Investor Relations section of our website. We will be referring to those slides during the process of the call so be sure to pull those down. On the call today we have Lewis Campbell, Textrons Chairman and CEO and Scott Donnelly, Textrons, President and Chief Operating Officer. Moving now to second quarter results, revenues in the quarter were $2.6 billion, down 29% from a year ago, which yield-to-date GAAP loss of $0.22 per share. Adjusted earnings from continuing operations excluding restructuring charges were $0.08 per share, down $0.90 from a year ago. Textron recorded second quarter pre-tax special charges of $129 million associated with the companys restructuring program. This included $43 million in non-cash impairment related to the cancellation of the Citation Columbus development program, and $25 million of non-cash charges associated with recognition of pension related prior service cost triggered by headcount reduction. Manufacturing operations provided $27 million of positive cash flow during the second quarter. This positive cash flow was achieved despite incurring cash payments of $77 million in return customer deposit at Cessna and $39 million for enterprise restructuring. Now lets examine the major drivers that drove over the $0.90 year-over-year reduction in adjust EPS, which are outlined on slide four of the earnings call presentation.  As you would expect, the largest driver was lower manufacturing volume which drove $0.86 of the reduction. TFCs lower earnings contributed $0.29 to the decline in EPS and used aircraft valuation adjustments at Cessna cost $0.10.  We achieved positive pricing of 1.4%, which added $0.09 per share. This is partially offset by $0.06 of inflation, reflecting an inflation rate of .8%. Overall cost performance including selling, general and administrative benefited the quarter by $0.29. Tax rate changes contributed $0.02 and miscellaneous items provided a penny. With that Ill turn the call over to Lewis.
Lewis Campbell:
 : Looking on the positive side though we generate manufacturing cash flow, that was positive this quarter which reflected our efforts to improve working capital productivity and lower cost. This is a specially noteworthy considering the significant volume decline experienced at Cessna and industrial. So, I think its a job well done on the second quarter on cash.  Finally, we made a significant progress liquidating non-GAAP refinance receivables at TFC once again. We had a gross reduction of about $1.3 billion during the second quarter and cash conversion even better than what we expected. So, this brings us to a year-to-date reduction of $2.2 billion, which is nearly half of our original two year target of $4.5 billion. So, as you might expect with that success that we just demonstrated in Q2 we now increased our two year reduction target from $4.5 billion all the way up to $5.2 billion. With this in mind, lets take a look at our updated 2010 liquidity plan. Ill take a minute here to gets you turning over to slide five and thats our cash summary slide. If you then start on the second line labeled TFC receivable liquidation, there you see that weve recorded the actual second quarter amount of $1.28 billion and reflected our higher two year goal in the full year 2009 and 2010 calls. On the next line, weve reduced the 09 manufacturing cash flow projection by $50 million to $350 million reflecting lower expected jet deliveries, which well discuss later. Weve added the $775 million in proceeds from the equity and convert offerings we completed in May and moving down to the term debt payments line, the annual amounts are higher than in previous version as weve been opportunistically retiring debt that is coming due in the next three years at meaningful discounts. So far weve actually repurchased $393 million of face value debt at an average discount of almost 8%, and earlier this month, we consummated a $500 million facility with Ex-Im Bank for funding Cessnas and Bells International customer purchases.  Expected proceeds from the Ex-Im facility, we actually spread across two years and the spread between 2009 and 2010 as we show on the chart. Next, the second quarter $648 million securitization payment actually includes a $150 million early payoff, again economically motivated on our part.  Finally, we paid off a $410 million advance we took against our company-owned life insurance program COLI, obviously we can re-borrow that at any time, but we dont see the need to have that borrowing at the present time, so we paid it back. In total then this result in a projected 2010 cash balance of just under $1.5 billion which is $1.3 billion better than our original plan. Now once you heard the cash story, lets go to slide six and this will then summarize our liquidity position. Our total liquidity improvement consists of the higher cash, plus $111 million in a lower 2010 debt balance, which represents that portion of the $393 million in repurchased debt.  That would have matured after 2010, and the retirement of the $410 million insurance advanced I just mentioned. So weve improved our 2010 liquidity position by almost $1.8 billion from our original plan which I believe is very good progress.  Moving to operations, we continue to focus on managing our commercial businesses for the slower economy. Our efforts are clearly evident in the fact that industrial generated positive profits and cash in the quarter in the face of volumes being down to 36%.  At Cessna, market weakness continued with net cancellations consisting of 74 Columbus orders, 59 from large fleet operators, 58 from our authorized sales reps and finally 52 from across the remainder of the order book. If you look at the balance of the year, we now have a 124 sold positions remaining for delivery during the second half. So, including the 84 deliveries made in the second quarter and 69 deliveries made in the first that bring us to 277 sold aircrafts for 2009.  So, we are now basing our 09 operating forecast on a delivery expectation of about 275 units, and as we look at the quality of the remaining 09 backlog, we believe we should be able to offset any further cancellations or deferrals with new 09 orders. With respect to order flow, we saw 09 cancellations stabilize somewhat in June, that's good news.  We also saw a modest improvement in new orders in June and let me give you the figures. During the first five months of the year, we averaged about three new gross orders per month. However, in June we booked seven all for delivery in 2009.  Now, seven gross orders remains low obviously, and one months experience is not establish a trend, but there were other data points from the marketplace that were carefully tracking that also look a bit positive. For example the number of used citation transactions also picked up in June and we saw stabilization in used pricing. Correspondingly, the availability of used citations dropped slightly to 17.3% from 17.6% in May, which is actually the first time this measure has dropped in over a year. The daily usage declined within the fleet also leveled-off in June. In fact ADUs were up slightly in Europe. One final point on-demand, our Ex-Im financing facility while improving liquidity will also support international purchases. So, we are not quite ready to call the bottom yet, but based on that data we are sure hoping that a period of stability is just around the corner, which should lead to further improved visibility at Cessna. As Ive said, when I began the call fortunately Bell and Textron Systems which are heavily defense and civil service oriented have been largely unaffected by the economy. They continue to perform well and are very well-positioned for solid growth.  Were executing the ramp up of the V-22, the H-1 and the unmanned aircraft systems and a host of other programs. For example, the Bell Commercial model 429, has just received Canadian and FAA-Certification earlier this month. We believe that with 30% greater cabin volume in any other model in its class, the 429 should be well received in the EMS and other utility markets and should contribute to Bells future growth over long period of years.  My final topic today concerns two important executive announcements were making this morning actually, they were made with releases that came out at the same time that our earnings were released. First, I am very pleased to announce that Frank Connor would be coming on board as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective August 1. Frank is a 22 year veteran of Goldman Sachs and Company, where most recently he was Managing Director and Head of Telecom Investment Banking there.  He has advised many companies, across a wide range of industries and executed numerous public and private financings and strategic transactions. Frank will be based right here in Providence. He will also receive all the companys financial activities and including the business units CFOs and their respective organizations. One final note, TFC will continue to report to Scott Donnelly.  I believe Frank will be a great addition to the Textron team as we focus on improving operating efficiency, enhancing cash flow and preparing the company for our future growth over the long term.  I would be remiss if I didnt take a minute to thank Dick Yates for his great work hes done, not only as our Senior Vice President and Controller, but he also stepped in as our Acting CFO for the past six months, and I think weve done a magnificent job there on liquidity, cash flow in just playing around the operations. Today we also announced John Garrison, who was previously heading our Industrial segment as the new President and CEO of Bell helicopter effective August, 1. Hes replacing Dick Millman, who is retiring after 43 years with the company.  Scott will have more to say about this later, but I want to take the opportunity also to acknowledge Dick. Hes been with us for 43 years. He is certainly accomplished a great deal and he is provided excellent leadership during his long career at Textron especially while hes been at Bell. Let me wrap up. Our liquidity plan is clearly working and we demonstrated meaningful progress once again in the second quarter. Even though we expect and incurred $150 million of pre-tax cash restructuring charges, were forecasting 2009 manufacturing cash flow in the range of $300 million to 400 million.  As we offset a portion of lower expected cash at Cessna, with higher expected cash from the rest of our manufacturing unit. Were maintaining our EPS outlook from continuing ops before special charges between $0.33 and $0.36 for the year.  Ill close with the following point. We obviously are focused on cash generation and weve remain committed to improving our core manufacturing capabilities and efficiencies. In combination with our continued investment in new products, we should position ourselves to generate significant shareholder value when we emerged from this downturn. With that Ill turn it over to, Scott. Scott.
 : Looking on the positive side though we generate manufacturing cash flow, that was positive this quarter which reflected our efforts to improve working capital productivity and lower cost. This is a specially noteworthy considering the significant volume decline experienced at Cessna and industrial. So, I think its a job well done on the second quarter on cash.  Finally, we made a significant progress liquidating non-GAAP refinance receivables at TFC once again. We had a gross reduction of about $1.3 billion during the second quarter and cash conversion even better than what we expected. So, this brings us to a year-to-date reduction of $2.2 billion, which is nearly half of our original two year target of $4.5 billion. So, as you might expect with that success that we just demonstrated in Q2 we now increased our two year reduction target from $4.5 billion all the way up to $5.2 billion. With this in mind, lets take a look at our updated 2010 liquidity plan. Ill take a minute here to gets you turning over to slide five and thats our cash summary slide. If you then start on the second line labeled TFC receivable liquidation, there you see that weve recorded the actual second quarter amount of $1.28 billion and reflected our higher two year goal in the full year 2009 and 2010 calls. On the next line, weve reduced the 09 manufacturing cash flow projection by $50 million to $350 million reflecting lower expected jet deliveries, which well discuss later. Weve added the $775 million in proceeds from the equity and convert offerings we completed in May and moving down to the term debt payments line, the annual amounts are higher than in previous version as weve been opportunistically retiring debt that is coming due in the next three years at meaningful discounts. So far weve actually repurchased $393 million of face value debt at an average discount of almost 8%, and earlier this month, we consummated a $500 million facility with Ex-Im Bank for funding Cessnas and Bells International customer purchases.  Expected proceeds from the Ex-Im facility, we actually spread across two years and the spread between 2009 and 2010 as we show on the chart. Next, the second quarter $648 million securitization payment actually includes a $150 million early payoff, again economically motivated on our part.  Finally, we paid off a $410 million advance we took against our company-owned life insurance program COLI, obviously we can re-borrow that at any time, but we dont see the need to have that borrowing at the present time, so we paid it back. In total then this result in a projected 2010 cash balance of just under $1.5 billion which is $1.3 billion better than our original plan. Now once you heard the cash story, lets go to slide six and this will then summarize our liquidity position. Our total liquidity improvement consists of the higher cash, plus $111 million in a lower 2010 debt balance, which represents that portion of the $393 million in repurchased debt.  That would have matured after 2010, and the retirement of the $410 million insurance advanced I just mentioned. So weve improved our 2010 liquidity position by almost $1.8 billion from our original plan which I believe is very good progress.  Moving to operations, we continue to focus on managing our commercial businesses for the slower economy. Our efforts are clearly evident in the fact that industrial generated positive profits and cash in the quarter in the face of volumes being down to 36%.  At Cessna, market weakness continued with net cancellations consisting of 74 Columbus orders, 59 from large fleet operators, 58 from our authorized sales reps and finally 52 from across the remainder of the order book. If you look at the balance of the year, we now have a 124 sold positions remaining for delivery during the second half. So, including the 84 deliveries made in the second quarter and 69 deliveries made in the first that bring us to 277 sold aircrafts for 2009.  So, we are now basing our 09 operating forecast on a delivery expectation of about 275 units, and as we look at the quality of the remaining 09 backlog, we believe we should be able to offset any further cancellations or deferrals with new 09 orders. With respect to order flow, we saw 09 cancellations stabilize somewhat in June, that's good news.  We also saw a modest improvement in new orders in June and let me give you the figures. During the first five months of the year, we averaged about three new gross orders per month. However, in June we booked seven all for delivery in 2009.  Now, seven gross orders remains low obviously, and one months experience is not establish a trend, but there were other data points from the marketplace that were carefully tracking that also look a bit positive. For example the number of used citation transactions also picked up in June and we saw stabilization in used pricing. Correspondingly, the availability of used citations dropped slightly to 17.3% from 17.6% in May, which is actually the first time this measure has dropped in over a year. The daily usage declined within the fleet also leveled-off in June. In fact ADUs were up slightly in Europe. One final point on-demand, our Ex-Im financing facility while improving liquidity will also support international purchases. So, we are not quite ready to call the bottom yet, but based on that data we are sure hoping that a period of stability is just around the corner, which should lead to further improved visibility at Cessna. As Ive said, when I began the call fortunately Bell and Textron Systems which are heavily defense and civil service oriented have been largely unaffected by the economy. They continue to perform well and are very well-positioned for solid growth.  Were executing the ramp up of the V-22, the H-1 and the unmanned aircraft systems and a host of other programs. For example, the Bell Commercial model 429, has just received Canadian and FAA-Certification earlier this month. We believe that with 30% greater cabin volume in any other model in its class, the 429 should be well received in the EMS and other utility markets and should contribute to Bells future growth over long period of years.  My final topic today concerns two important executive announcements were making this morning actually, they were made with releases that came out at the same time that our earnings were released. First, I am very pleased to announce that Frank Connor would be coming on board as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective August 1. Frank is a 22 year veteran of Goldman Sachs and Company, where most recently he was Managing Director and Head of Telecom Investment Banking there.  He has advised many companies, across a wide range of industries and executed numerous public and private financings and strategic transactions. Frank will be based right here in Providence. He will also receive all the companys financial activities and including the business units CFOs and their respective organizations. One final note, TFC will continue to report to Scott Donnelly.  I believe Frank will be a great addition to the Textron team as we focus on improving operating efficiency, enhancing cash flow and preparing the company for our future growth over the long term.  I would be remiss if I didnt take a minute to thank Dick Yates for his great work hes done, not only as our Senior Vice President and Controller, but he also stepped in as our Acting CFO for the past six months, and I think weve done a magnificent job there on liquidity, cash flow in just playing around the operations. Today we also announced John Garrison, who was previously heading our Industrial segment as the new President and CEO of Bell helicopter effective August, 1. Hes replacing Dick Millman, who is retiring after 43 years with the company.  Scott will have more to say about this later, but I want to take the opportunity also to acknowledge Dick. Hes been with us for 43 years. He is certainly accomplished a great deal and he is provided excellent leadership during his long career at Textron especially while hes been at Bell. Let me wrap up. Our liquidity plan is clearly working and we demonstrated meaningful progress once again in the second quarter. Even though we expect and incurred $150 million of pre-tax cash restructuring charges, were forecasting 2009 manufacturing cash flow in the range of $300 million to 400 million.  As we offset a portion of lower expected cash at Cessna, with higher expected cash from the rest of our manufacturing unit. Were maintaining our EPS outlook from continuing ops before special charges between $0.33 and $0.36 for the year.  Ill close with the following point. We obviously are focused on cash generation and weve remain committed to improving our core manufacturing capabilities and efficiencies. In combination with our continued investment in new products, we should position ourselves to generate significant shareholder value when we emerged from this downturn. With that Ill turn it over to, Scott. Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Lewis. Good morning, Id like to start talking about our manufacturing businesses as Lewis referenced, we did generate $27 million in free cash flow in the quarter, again ahead of our plan. I think this reflects the improvements we continue to make in working capital and overall operational efficiencies. In fact our inventory programs in particular are getting traction as weve reduced inventory in the quarter by about $300 million. If you look at Cessna; Cessna revenue was down 42% driven by lower volumes. Profits down also, again primarily driven by lower volume, but also we incurred $38 million charge for lower our used aircraft values. These were partially offset by $38 million benefit from forfeited customer deposits.  I believe that used valuations appear to be stabilizing in June, so we would expect that number in terms of lost to moderate through the balance of the year. Similarly, we would expect a fewer benefits forfeited customer deposits again through the balance of this year. As we discussed in the first quarter call, Cessna consumed a considerable amount of cash in both the first and second quarter, as we continued at an accelerated production rate. We now expect Cessna will generate a significant amount of cash in the third and fourth quarter as we burn off that inventory particularly through finished goods.  Later cash flow obviously will depend on the actual number of new and used aircrafts that are delivered. Again we expect a significant improvement over the first couple of quarters.  We did take two major actions in the quarter at Cessna. As previously announced, we have elected to cancel the Columbus program. This is very unfortunate, but the realities of the marketplace create an uncertainty around that aircraft, we felt it this time in this market. We were better to spend our R&D to really defend our core in the small to mid size business jet market. Second, we have continued our further production rates and layoffs at Cessna to make sure we align our capacity with the demand in the marketplace. Our team has just returned last week and we now have what we believe is a workforce and a production rate that will maintain through the balance of 2009 and 2010, consistent with what we believe our deliveries will be.  We have a lot more work to do obviously, but I think the fact that we now appear to be a stable point in the market and have a good feel for the actual production demand. We can continue to make operational efficiencies and the right moves in that business. Industrial segment revenues were down 40%, primarily driven by volume with some unfavorable foreign exchange. Despite this we were able to drive $12 million in profit, in solid cash flow. This is reflection of the teams work and restructuring in cost at last years commodity action prices. Kautex in particular, returned to profitability in the quarter and we believe that weve seen some stabilization and actually a potential for some increasing volume, reflecting the bottoming of the global automotive market. So industrial margins, we believe as a result of the restructuring activities, when the volume return would be good performing businesses, not just at Kautex, but also E-Z-GO, Jacobsen and Greenlee. The Textron business revenues were up 2% in the quarter, primarily driven by higher defense volumes, offset somewhat by lower Lycoming volumes reflecting the slowdown of the general aviation market. Even in the general aviation market, we feel pretty good about where we are positioned right now with Lycoming. If fact this week at the Oshkosh Air Show, were introducing the new innovated electronic engine, which really gives us some terrific breakthrough technology and differentiation in that market going forward. The defense business continues to grow. We see strong demand for both ASVs and our Shadow Unmanned Air Vehicles from U.S. government, as well as the increasing opportunities in the international marketplace, and we have a couple of [Inaudible] products named as Scorpion and Spider in the Ground Weapons Systems area that we think will continue to generate good growth into the future. Clearly, I think were all expecting to see top line acquisition budgets decline in the coming years, but we believe that our products and the nature of how our products are used in the sort of complex that well continue to see growth in these businesses despite an overall top line decline.  Bell had very solid results in the quarter despite a slight revenue decline. Our military revenue was down primarily as a result of the cancellation of ARH development program, and some lower support for the H-1 program, offset by V-22 higher volumes. Commercially, while revenues were down slightly, the number of deliveries was up, 35 aircrafts versus 31 a year ago. The slight decline of revenue was just a mix shift away from 412 Aircraft, 407s and 206s. The margins were strong, solid improved performance in the business. Were actually generating significant solid cash generation out of Bell, despite the fact that we continue to ramp V-22, the VH-1 and now the commercial 429 program. We also reserved certification from the Defense Contract Management agency for our Earned Value Management System. This is a significant milestone for the business as it demonstrates the right management program control systems are in place at Bell, which supports our ongoing program, as well as credibility for future program opportunities.
 : As Lewis mentioned, we also made an announcement this morning with the change of leadership. Dick Millman, will be retiring after 43 years. Hes done a great job at Bell for the last couple of years. I think he leaves that business very well position in terms of our execution on military programs, the new certification of the 429 and obviously the important milestone of getting our union contracts negotiated.  John has been with us for a number of years, most recently running the industrial segment, he had great leadership skills and I think hell be a great long term leader for the Bell business.  Lets talk about TFC. As Lewis mentioned, our liquidation plan is continue to make meaningful progresses. The receivables now at $8.6 billion versus $10.8 billion at the beginning of the year, so we remain ahead of plan in terms of the runoff rate of liquidation. As expected we are seeing continuing challenges in the credit markets, as a result of our liquidation and ongoing softening of the economy. 60 day plus delinquencies were up 6.2%, compared to 4.9% in the first quarter. Non-accruals rose to 10.04%, up from 6.11% in the first quarter, and this increase is primarily driven by a $149 million of increased non-accruals in our result portfolio, $95 million of which came from one single account and also a $32 million non-accrual out of our structured finance.  I assure you its important to mention that non-accruals dont typically have full value losses, generally these are accounts that are supported by substantial collateral values. We try to maintain a very conservative policy with respect to non-accruals, so we dont just have accounts that have gone delinquent, but in fact accounts that we believe have a probability of not returning their footprints upon interest. In fact just as a note, of the $683 million that we have non-accruals in the second quarter, $400 million of those accounts are actually not delinquent.  The good news on the credit front was that our actual charge-offs were only $23 million versus $47 million in the first quarter. In the second quarter there is a loss of $99 million which reflected several things higher loss provisions, higher portfolio losses and securitization impairments. These were partially offset by $37 million gain on the early debt retirements. Loss provisions were $87 million. We increased our reserves by $64 million including one large $32 million structured finance account. Our portfolio losses were $50 million, this included $22 million in discount and pay offs from redistribution program. I think its important to note, as weve been going through these reductions, we are tackling some of the tougher assets to make sure that we do the right things here in terms of timing of these liquidations. The marine distribution program is a good example of that. Those $22 million in pay offs were incurred as we made a special program to clear out 07 and 08 boat inventory, on our basic belief that its better to remove these older boats from the inventory now rather than wait for another season, were likely the assets will achieve even lower values. So in the marine portfolio, we started the year with $585 million. We finished the quarter at $300 million and these liquidations continue fairly strong into July as well.  So our success is not just been in boats, but across all of our distribution finance assets. In fact if we look at repossessed assets, they were actually reduced by $19 million in the quarter. This reflects our ability to take those repossessed assets and mark them accordingly and actually move those into the marketplace.
 :
 : We also had one portfolio sale in our ABL business, $109 million sale at a value that was consistent with the mark-to-market, when we put those assets into our held for sale account. In the golf business, we had 12 mortgage payoffs and then one of our owned golf courses sold in the quarter for a total value of about $50 million. Slide eight, as you look at all these liquidations receivables, you can see that our cash conversion rate in the quarter was 94% even with the discount programs, this is ahead of our expectations. We still expect the conversion rate will decline overtime, but we are certainly very encouraged by the results in the quarter. So, in summary, Id say that we continue to make excellent progress in terms of the rate of our liquidation and it demonstrates substantial collateral, liquidation value that we have in the portfolio and we believe strong cash conversion rates, for such aggressive liquidation. In summary, I want to talk about our restructuring program. We have announced that we are increasing the program charges in 2009 to $200 million from $75 million. This reflects some non-cash items, such as the Columbus and the pension curtailment programs, but also more aggressive reductions in terms of employees across the company and primarily incurring employee severance expenses. So, we will have a total headcount reduction associated program now through the balance of the year of about 10,000 people. So in summary, I think if you look at our businesses balance systems, continue to have a very strong performance. The TFC liquidations were ahead of schedule with strong cash conversion. Industrial business returning to profitability is a great sign of the strength that we have today in that business and the potential going forward, and also late in the quarter we did see early signs of stabilization in the business jet market.  So I dont think any of us are bullish at this stage of the game. I think the fact that it appears to be stabilizing boards well for the start of the beginning for the recovery. So, I think Q2 demonstrate we have the right programs to maximize both our operational efficiencies and cash generation and clearly we will continue to take those actions to improve the business going forward.
 : We also had one portfolio sale in our ABL business, $109 million sale at a value that was consistent with the mark-to-market, when we put those assets into our held for sale account. In the golf business, we had 12 mortgage payoffs and then one of our owned golf courses sold in the quarter for a total value of about $50 million. Slide eight, as you look at all these liquidations receivables, you can see that our cash conversion rate in the quarter was 94% even with the discount programs, this is ahead of our expectations. We still expect the conversion rate will decline overtime, but we are certainly very encouraged by the results in the quarter. So, in summary, Id say that we continue to make excellent progress in terms of the rate of our liquidation and it demonstrates substantial collateral, liquidation value that we have in the portfolio and we believe strong cash conversion rates, for such aggressive liquidation. In summary, I want to talk about our restructuring program. We have announced that we are increasing the program charges in 2009 to $200 million from $75 million. This reflects some non-cash items, such as the Columbus and the pension curtailment programs, but also more aggressive reductions in terms of employees across the company and primarily incurring employee severance expenses. So, we will have a total headcount reduction associated program now through the balance of the year of about 10,000 people. So in summary, I think if you look at our businesses balance systems, continue to have a very strong performance. The TFC liquidations were ahead of schedule with strong cash conversion. Industrial business returning to profitability is a great sign of the strength that we have today in that business and the potential going forward, and also late in the quarter we did see early signs of stabilization in the business jet market.  So I dont think any of us are bullish at this stage of the game. I think the fact that it appears to be stabilizing boards well for the start of the beginning for the recovery. So, I think Q2 demonstrate we have the right programs to maximize both our operational efficiencies and cash generation and clearly we will continue to take those actions to improve the business going forward.
Doug Wilburne: Thanks Scott. Well wrap up today. I just want to point out that everybody that we have three additional slides. Slide number nine is the chart that lays out segment revenue and profitability forecast associated with our EPS guidance. Slide 10 contains our forecast for corporate items and then finally on slide 11 we have our quarter organic sales growth breakdown. So, Teddy with that, were pleased to take calls at this time.
Operator: Your first question comes from Steve Tusa - JP Morgan.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan : Just a quick question; on the longer term Cessna outlook, what would you expect under the assumption of a very muted recovery. I guess Im wonder what your longer term margin target would be for Cessna. Where would you be under a reasonable volume scenario? Where would you be kind of happy with the normalized type of margin number at Cessna?
Lewis Campbell: Steve, I think the recovery question is a tough one. Were still predicting that well have lover deliveries next year than we had this year, and that would be the bottom of the cycle and then you will start to see a recovery which obviously is going to be very hardly dependent on what the economy recovery look like. We think the margin rate for the total of this year is going to be somewhere in that 5% kind of range. Obviously our expectations are to try to sustain that or even grow that as we go into 2010 given somewhat lower volumes and then continue to see that growth and we get better leverage as volumes return to business going forward.
 Steve Tusa - JP Morgan : I guess my question, youre making these cost reductions, you must have some sort of view on even at lower volume levels what you want to do. Im trying to get a sense. Is it modestly above where it is today, is it double-digit. How should we think about a longer term? You guys must have that at the top of your mind, as you are making all theses moves on the cost side.
Scott Donnelly: Longer term, obviously we would expect this business to get back up into the mid teens where weve seen it before where we had higher volumes. I think our expectations here in the next couple of years, again obviously this is highly volume dependent as things start to turn, but I have to say that we want to achieve better margins, but we are making substantial investment in the R&D of this business over the next couple of years. So, we have a lot of work yet to do frankly in terms of how we make sure that leveraging the base cost, the fix cost that we have in this business in terms of our manufacturing footprint and well need to continue to take more action there I believe, but well also have to be sensitive to the fact that we are at a unusually low volumes. We cant let that influence our R&D investment or we wont have the right products in the right places when the thing covers.  So I would expect Steve, youd see this thing come from the 5% and slowly grow back up towards those mid teens are weve been in the past.
 Steve Tusa - JP Morgan : How many jets in the backlog now and what is the pricing like in that backlog? Is there any movement on the price of those jets?
Scott Donnelly: We havent moved anything on the pricing, obviously as customers have come up with their deliveries. Theres been discussion and weve been trying to help some folks in terms of service something like that. We are trying to stay away from, much in the way of pricing. Obviously the Aircraft in the backlog were priced at the time the deals were done. So, we have contracts for that. Pricing is still up somewhat this year and we are going to try to hold that.  I dont think this is a market where this is all about pricing. This is really more about, where is the demand in the economic recovery and I think as we look at June, we actually saw some customers come in at reasonable price points even for 2009 deliveries for guys that went even in the backlog.
Lewis Campbell: Hi Steve its Lewis. Let me add just one more point to Scotts points. Out strategy at Cessna is rock solid and I think its very sound.  Remember its under core or underpinning in two areas. One, to keep the Mustang selling at above 100 if you can, because what that does, is brings people into the fleet and our customers fab numbers have never been better. So we know that once we get someone into Cessna, theyre probably going to buy another one. Remember, our numbers used to be seven out of ten or repeat customers. So weve got a flock of people now getting into the Cessna family, thats number one.  As Scott said, were continuing to invest in new products and improved products so when this market comes back, I think were going to be particularly well positioned to ride it up at a pretty good rate. So, Im not happy with the volume and where it is, but it is where it is and we just have to manage it carefully till the starts come back.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Strauss - UBS.
David Strauss - UBS: Based on your manufacturing free cash flow forecast, it looks like youre expecting the second half to generate about $600 million. How does that break out between Q3 and Q4?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, its always a little bit back-end loaded, but youre probably somewhere in the one-third, two-thirds or 40/60 kind of range, David.
David Strauss - UBS: Could you give us an update of exactly what youre expecting in terms of debt pay down and the securitization in Q3 and Q4?
Scott Donnelly: David, Ill follow-up with you if you want to breakdown on the quarterly. I mean, well give you whats coming due contractually, but in terms of what we might do opportunistically, of course were not going to discuss that publicly.
David Strauss - UBS: Then any additional color as far as you said the production rate, youre looking at lower deliveries in 2010, any additional color. It looks like on the ex Mustang, youre going to be down like the 150 range for 2009; is that going much lower in 2010 or just a little lower? Could you just help a little bit there?
Scott Donnelly: No Dave, I think its probably too early to start calling the numbers on 2010. Well know an awful lot more here in the next four, five months as this goes through what appears to be at least here in June and continues in July. Sort of stabilizing and seeing some customers coming back into the market, more customers taking delivery of their aircrafts. So I think were seeing some positive trends, but I think we can be a lot more accurate in terms of our views of whats going in the market here in the coming few months.
David Strauss - UBS: Last one, on the used aircraft side, could you just tell us what youre holding in terms of inventory on the used aircraft side?
Scott Donnelly: In terms of numbers?
David Strauss - UBS: Yes, numbers and value or whatever detail you can give us?
Scott Donnelly: Right now weve got about 48 aircrafts. We have about 38 that are Cessna inventory and about 10 that are citation share used aircraft inventory and that actually in terms of units went down a few in the second quarter as we were able to sell more used aircraft than we took in trade and so again, hopefully thats a trend that well see continue through the balance of the year.
Lewis Campbell: Dave, were carrying them at just a little over $200 million, which represents a net of about $100 million in write-offs that weve taken so far this cycle, so thats one of the reasons that were expecting less of an impact from used in the second half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Sprague - Citigroup.
Jeff Sprague - Citigroup: Scott, understanding that the non-accruals dont necessarily come through the charge-offs, would you expect charge-offs to be moving up in the back half of the year regardless and into next year?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, I think theres going to be a general trend Jeff, as we work our way through this, that well see increased charge-offs and I think what were doing right now is appropriate. We take the loss provisions and reserve is up consistent with our expectation, we still will start to see higher charge-offs somewhere in the third and fourth quarter and frankly going forward.
Jeff Sprague - Citigroup: Youd also had indicated on the run-off youre actually trying to focus on some of the tougher stuff first, but the cash conversion actually looks pretty decent. What is it about what you see in the pipeline that might make you a little more cautious on the cash conversion looking out say six or 12 months?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think we get into some of the asset classes, which when you look at resort, when you look at golf, again, I think not so much in the next quarter or two, but as you get further out, these are some of the larger accounts. Theres not as much liquidity, lets say in some of those industries.  So, I think a lot what well do in distribution finance and ABL as capital is returning to the market. We see other financial institutions that are willing to take some of those accounts and we saw that for instance in a couple of those private brand accounts. So this is generally relatively good business and so I just think its the first place that capital is returning. Now, we dont know yet exactly whats going to happen with some of these longer tail resorts. Obviously, the economy continues to strengthen, money keeps coming back into the market. We are hopeful that more capital will returns into some of those markets. If they do, then obviously well incur lower losses.  As we go through this and have to release some of those assets, if we dont have as much liquidity for instance, securitization and the timeshare resort kind of businesses, then well expect to see higher losses and therefore lower cash conversion rates than weve seen on the shorter cycle, shorter tail receivables that weve been running off so far.
Jeff Sprague - Citigroup: Understanding you dont want to go out on a lim on 2010 yet, I just wonder what the complexion of the conversations are maybe as you reach out to customers and its time to start paying progress payment on 2010 perhaps. Are you seeing some slippage out there as people reconsider?
Scott Donnelly: The trend has been positive. Again, I try to couch this in saying this is a sort of a June and now into July phenomena that we are seeing more customers that are making their payment, that are taking their delivery of their aircraft as opposed to canceling it the last minute, but again its a full month of June. The trend, it says continuing in July, but I think we still have some time here to play out to see whether truly it has stabilized and well start to see that kind of a trend going forward.
Lewis Campbell: But we are taking orders for delivery in 2010.
Scott Donnelly: Absolutely. The good news of what weve seen is sort of interesting Jeff. Its almost like a spot market has sort of started. Actually, we have customers that were not in the backlog. These are guys that have sort of been on the sidelines that are now looking and saying, Okay, is this time the time to make the move. 
 :
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Kincaid - Davidson Kempner. 
Scott Brugle - Davidson Kempner: Hi, its actually [Scott Brugle]. Can you guys just help me reconcile slide number five, the $1.282 billion of receivable liquidations? With the cash flow statement in the 8-K that was filed, it looks like you generated about $500 million in cash.
Lewis Campbell: Can you do that one again, Scott?
Scott Brugle - Davidson Kempner: Sure, the $1.3 billion of managed receivables decreasing with the cash flow statement for the second quarter that was filed in the 8-K, that showed 1.1 of receivables repaid, 745 of receivables originated.
Scott Donnelly: The primary difference is the difference between managed receivables and owned receivables. We present the managed receivables number here because we have to look at this from a total liquidity point of view, whereas the Q presents it on an owned basis. So those numbers will not match, but they do reconcile.
Scott Brugle - Davidson Kempner: So is the right way to think about that, you had about $700 million or so of receivables that were managed but not owned?
Scott Donnelly: Yes, 648 is the right number. We paid down $648 million of securitization debt in the quarter that came out of that $1.282 billion.
Scott Brugle - Davidson Kempner: Then my second question is, if you look at the golf balances, it looks like that decreased pretty significantly in the quarter.
Scott Donnelly: Golf, did you say?
Scott Brugle - Davidson Kempner: Golf, yes.
Scott Donnelly: We did have 12 payoffs and we did sell one, well, its in other assets, because it was a known golf course. Id say we are seeing a fairly positive trend in the golf portfolio and Id say theres a number of customers out there.  People are interested in picking up golf courses, in the case those that we own and a positive trend I would say in folks that we talked to and said Look, when you come due or even as a prepayment, wed like to discount you to redo your mortgage somewhere else and people are doing it, at reasonable discounts.
Operator: Your next question comes from Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co.: So the pre-owned losses equaled to the forfeitures in the second quarter, what was that number in the first quarter and can you also comment on the trend in R&D in the second quarter? Where was it relative to the first and where do you expect it to be for the year?
Scott Donnelly: Give us the first question again.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co.: The first question is I guess you indicated that pre-owned losses were $38 million and that was the same as forfeiture gains in the second quarter. Where was the net of those two numbers in the first quarter, thats the first part of that question?
Scott Donnelly: The pre-owned was about $13 million in the first quarter and the forfeitures I think was around the same number; Im looking that up. What was your second half of your question as were looking at it?
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co.: The second half is R&D; where was it in the first and second quarter and where do you expect it to be for the year?
Lewis Campbell: Wed really rather not talk about specific R&D at Cessna thats competitively sensitive, but thats through the year.
Scott Donnelly: Let me trace the year out for you Cai. R&D last year was 553; this is total company. Cessna is always as a percentage of sales higher than anybody else, but thats just another point.  In January we thought that number should be a little bit south of 500 and weve now firmed up everything, which take a lot of work actually to know where to invest to get the most bang for the buck and so we basically let Cessna kind of free flow back to us on where they thought they ought to invest in order to keep our products, not only new ones coming but also fresh in the fleet.  Weve now settled on total company R&D of 450. So, if you compare about 550 to 450 its down about 20% which I think is about right, but keep in mind, dont under estimate my point, we didnt say Okay Cessna, instead of $10 you get $5. We said Free flow back to us. What do you need to freshen the fleet to make sure that were as competitive as we need to be when the market comes back and we put that number in. Bell is the same way, Bell has got a good future there too from a competitive standpoint.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen And Company: You mentioned the other seven orders in June went into the deliveries in 2009. If we get orders in July and August, presumably we will, will they go into 2009 or will they go into 2010?
Scott Donnelly: Theres a mix. So we already have some that we are talking in July that would be 2009 aircraft and we have a number that want to slot 2010 deliveries. So really, the mix here is if you have a customer that really wants to take a 2009 delivery, they are willing to take the aircraft as configured or with minor modifications which is whats happening, well do that, but there are some customers that want to do a full custom configuration to their exact requirements and specifications and those are largely folks that will take a 2010 delivery.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen And Company: So if some are going into 2009, should we take the 275 as the number that has upside?
Lewis Campbell: If you want to Cai, thats up to you. Its going to go up and down Cai. I mean we really choose our words, I did, choose my words on how to talk about this and I know Scott did too.  Look, for the first month in I dont know how long, nine months or thereabout, were seeing a positive sign. They are not flashing green lights, but they are certainly a lot better than theyve been in months and months and we are basically sold out to deliver a little more than 275. We can get some more cancellations which would take the 275 down, but we could have net plus orders going forward and if we do that we would do more than 275, which we would love to do.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen And Company: Last one, you hired an investment banker as a CFO as opposed to kind of a financial operating guy. Why did you make that decision?
Scott Donnelly: Im sitting across the table from a great financial operating guy. Thats I think if you look at whats going on in the last six or nine months. Dick has done a phenomenal job and always has. He has a control over the company and really running the finance and working the numbers and working with the business CFO on a day-in day-out basis. So I think we have an outstanding talent in the company to run that day-in day-out finance operation.  We came across Frank and heres a guy thats got a lot of expertise and experience in both capital market kind of work and also in M&A kind of work. So I look at a guy like Frank and say This is having the complimentary talents of what both already have and a very solid great operating financial arm in being able to bring in a talent, because obviously we still have work to do going forward in terms of the capital structure of the company. Ultimately, once we get all the stuff behind us and markets kind of get back to normal and the world moves on, having a Chief Financial Officer thats experienced and a savvy M&A kind of guy I think is the right talent to have in the company. So really that was an opportunity to bring somebody in that had very complimentary skills with the skills we already had in the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: Was the cancellation number in the second quarter excluding Columbus, if we add up everything you gave us, was it 169?
Lewis Campbell: We got the exact number, 243 minus 76.
Scott Donnelly: Yes, its 243 minus 76 where the number is, thats what it was.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: So I guess Im kind of struggling; if there was over 150 legacy cancellations in the quarter, Im kind of struggling with how the 09 number is only coming down by 20 aircrafts. If that kind of implies that theyre not coming out of 09, you said you had order activity, but its pretty modest. So, I know you guys are kind of reluctant to talk about ten, but does that imply that 2010 is at least what a bit worse than you had previously talked about with the down kind of 15%?
Scott Donnelly: No. I dont think so. I think what youre getting at is absolutely right. If you look at the cancellations that came out, again forget Columbus, which is obviously out in the 14, 15, 16 kind of timeframe, but the bulk of the other cancellations that we brought out in the quarter was really kind of going through and looking at large fleet/fractional customers.  So when you look at the nature of those kinds of orders that we took out in the order book, they do spread out in 10, 11, 12 and beyond. So we had one case with one large fraction guy, which actually normally wouldnt have been cancellation, but its a model aircraft that were just not going to be building in that timeframe, so we obviously took those out.  Then we had a couple of other fractional customers that we just dont believe theyre going to be taking aircraft in the near future and we didnt think it was appropriate to have those orders sitting in the book. When we dont think there is a probability, were going to realize them, so we worked with those customers and took them out of the book.  
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: So, either cancellations coming out of the next three or four years?
Scott Donnelly: Exactly, but theres a lot that are 11, 12 and beyond.
Lewis Campbell: Noah, if were going to plan on getting our margins up, you have to have some kind of stability in predictable orders. So for example, if were having a discussion with a large guy, whos got 24 jets on order, which was the one we did and we basically say Hey guy, if youve got a big doubt right now, well just soon pull you out. So we can plan on making whatever volume of that plane we want to plan on making. If he wants to comeback in later, great, but were trying to get the book as predictable as possible.  Whenever the market comes back, the orders will come back and theyll comeback to us. So, its not to our benefit to have a big order number that is not strong. So I think orders are less orders than we had, but I believe they are more certain than they were before so.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: How many Mustangs in the 275 number?
Lewis Campbell: 125. That spreads over the long period of time.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs: One more question on systems. The full year guidance implies that the second half growth really takes off, but the margin guidance kind of also implies that the second half margin is a lot weaker than the first half. Can you guys just walk through the puts and takes on that business for the rest of the year?
Lewis Campbell: We had kind of a big first quarter, but the third and the fourth quarters are pretty consistent with the second quarter Noah, nothing remarkable going on there.
Scott Donnelly: I dont see a lot of movement in terms of the margin ratio in the balance of the year.
Lewis Campbell: They vary between 10 and a little over 12 depending on the quarter, which ebbs and flows depending on what were delivering as far as ASVs and what contracts expiring and VACs you book and which ones you dont. 
 : So the margins vary slightly, because of that fact, but I believe youll see systems, probably at the end of the year end up in a very good place margin wise. Not quite as strong as last year, but pretty darn good.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shannon OCallaghan - Barclays.
Shannon OCallaghan - Barclays: Can you give us a feel for what do you think has enabled you to really track so far ahead on the liquidation plan and where are people finding alternative financing? Give us a little color on that.
Scott Donnelly: I think that the nature of the assets that were talking about, specifically in the distribution finance business; in fact the matter is people are actually buying boats and RVs and stuff like that. So that business is obviously as well collateralized, so we have the collateral of that asset thats been financed with the deal and dealer who sells it, and we get our money back.  We put a lot of feet on the street in terms of people checking accounts and make sure that when an asset is sold, that we do get our money back. Again, I think the fact that other folks have been stepping into that and picking up some of these accounts and financing these dealers, by and large has allowed them to stay whole.  Obviously, some dealers have gone bankrupt. When they do that, were frequently debt re-possessing those assets, but again, I think we saw that re-possessing kick-in in the first quarter and it continues in the second quarter, but weve actually been able to take those assets and mark them, turnaround and sell through alternative distribution channels and actually get them sold off. So we actually saw a net reduction in that class in the quarter.  So, I dont think theres anything pretty good magic about it. Its just blocking and tackling and out there letting dealers know that were not financing any more and in the case of the private brands customers, weve been working with those customers to jointly go help find them; someone to take over that relationship and weve been successful in a number of cases of doing that.
Shannon OCallaghan - Barclays: Obviously, I dont think RV sales or boat sales were probably better than your internal plan, so if maybe, were you pleasantly surprised that all by your ability that find other people to lend to these customers?
Lewis Campbell: Not really. I mean actually if you look at classes like boats and RV, it actually has been ahead of our plan. So I mean though the number of turns in these deals of inventories, is lower than it has historically been, but they are still moving assets. Again, in terms of these private brand relationships, these typically are relationships where not only do you have the collateral of the value of the asset, but in many occasions you have manufacturing take-back provisions and these are good manufacturers, theyre creditable companies. So they are historically accounts that do pretty well. So even in distressed time, as people are looking to put capital to work, we see people coming into this space.
Shannon OCallaghan - Barclays: Then on the jumps in the non-accruals, can you flush that out a little bit more about the recovery dynamics and what youre expecting to happen there?
Scott Donnelly: Well, the class of asset that exists the most and again these judgments in terms of non-accrual, where we have a belief that we may not get our full principal interest back as we look at the resort class, thats the one that added the most to the non-accrual, because its the one that for us is most uncertain in terms of how that industry plays out. Again I would say, thats reflective of the fact that unlike some of these other assets where we do see our capital coming back into these areas, we remain concern on areas like time shares that have historically been dependent on doing a lot of securitization to finance their operations. Until that securitization market comes back, were going to need to hold and manage our way through some of these customers.  So I think thats where were seeing the biggest add in the quarter in terms of non-accruals and frankly thats where I would expect to see. Going forward, most of our increases in non-accrual will come from that portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ron Epstein - BOA.
Ron Epstein : Just a couple of quick ones; one for Scott, you mentioned that you guys have laid-off about 10,000 employees. How far do you think that deep enough is? I just what Im trying to say is, when the economy does turn, how can you be prepared that you maybe didnt let too many people go or youre not prepared when things turn?
BOA: Just a couple of quick ones; one for Scott, you mentioned that you guys have laid-off about 10,000 employees. How far do you think that deep enough is? I just what Im trying to say is, when the economy does turn, how can you be prepared that you maybe didnt let too many people go or youre not prepared when things turn?
Scott Donnelly: That is something we try to be very helpful about as we look at all the businesses. We have tried where possible and a number of our industrial businesses, Cessna is another good example and weve done some with Bell. When we reach that point, where we worry that if went leaner than that, we would have a hard time responding as the market starts to come back.  In a number of those businesses weve actually used furloughs. So instead of taking a further reduction in the permanent number of employees, we actually shut Cessna for instance for a month. Furloughed all of our workforce and basically shut the factory. Obviously were doing customer deliveries and support, but we basically shut the production lines down for a month, because we felt like that was a more prudent thing to do to protect our capability as things start to come back. Weve done similar things in Bell and across and virtually all of our industrial businesses and well continue to try to do that frankly to modulate demand going forward with furloughs to the extent that we can, but I think we had to be realistic about some of the businesses like Cessna, in terms of whats the relate of recovery and when you think its going to be a longer, flatter recovery, then weve had to take those permanent actions in terms of [Inaudible].
Ron Epstein : Then I guess another one on Cessna, if I can. I dont think anybody asked this one yet. When we look at whitetails, whats the outlook on whitetails for this year going into next; hows that gone? You had some I think last quarter and how does it look now?
BOA: Then I guess another one on Cessna, if I can. I dont think anybody asked this one yet. When we look at whitetails, whats the outlook on whitetails for this year going into next; hows that gone? You had some I think last quarter and how does it look now?
Scott Donnelly: Well we have been accumulating. As we said before, the first quarter and second quarter we did build at lets say an accelerated pace, because we had all the material coming in. We had the workforce in place and the most optimal thing in our view is to go ahead and build the aircraft. So weve been doing that. So, I think if you look at classification, of inventory, even though Cessna has been going up, we actually moved that inventory. We went from rolling and process to work to now moving into finished goods and that manifest itself as these whitetails, which now we expect start to believe that number back over the third quarter and the fourth quarter. How far that goes, it kind of goes back to our earlier discussions we had around how many customers do step-up to place 2009 orders and how many people stay in the backlog that are current in 2009 deliveries. When we get do that, the 275 kind of number, thats the base plan that we are working around and that assumes obviously that we are working down the number of whitetails that came out of the second quarter versus what we have at the end of the year.
Doug Wilburne: The way to think about it is not so much where we are now, where are we at the end of 09, but where are we at the end of 2010? And our plan is to have none by the end of 2010. We are basically managing a two year demand window here as well. 
Scott Donnelly: Right, absolutely. To Dougs point, when I say we stabilized our production rate for 09 and 10, when we look at deliveries in 09 and 10, we take into consideration those whitetails that we would assume we have at the end of 09. Those all sell off.
Ron Epstein : How many do you have today?
BOA: How many do you have today?
Scott Donnelly: I dont think we want to put that information out there, just from a competitive standpoint.
Ron Epstein : Then I have a question for Lewis. Having lived through this horrible economy, and you look at how youve been leading Textron, what have you learned? When you kind of look forward, what have you learned on how you would run the company different, having lived through this?
BOA: Then I have a question for Lewis. Having lived through this horrible economy, and you look at how youve been leading Textron, what have you learned? When you kind of look forward, what have you learned on how you would run the company different, having lived through this?
Lewis Campbell: Thats a tough question. When we went through 2001, 2002 and 2003, remember our stock went down to 26 and if you do a [Inaudible] which was just a very dramatic thing for the company, we launched a very significant transformation effort which was uncertain as to whether or not it was going to work, but we felt it was the only thing that we could do and a chance of working it and it really did work. Now, so we have the benefits of that. We are network enterprise. We do so many things better than we did. So one thing weve learned is that what weve put in place in the one, two, three, that first part of this decade, is really saving our bacon, even though when you look at our EPS and cash flow you say Gosh, you could be doing better. You take a little cash flow for example and I think weve demonstrated that we are now doing a much better job of turning in manufacturing free cash flow; thanks to Scott and Dick and all the guys working on that. I wish we made the cut sooner. Its so tricky based on the question that just got asked, how do you know youre not cutting too far? We should have done these cuts six months ago, but in hindsight thats crystal clear and I guess everybody thats ever had to make cut out, we cut over 8,000 people this year already. I wish we would have done it sooner, but we just did it in chunks.  So, I learned that the hard way again. I dont know whether Ill ever learn it permanently, maybe Scott will learn it from me and the next time it happens hell move more quickly than we both did.  On the positive side Ive learned that people will do unbelievably heroic things that are very contrary to what you think theyd do. You take TFC, theyre making money for decades and decades and then grow, grow, grow, grow and basically have the same outlet for the same people primarily inline, are now totally focused on running off the very businesses they put in place and what motivated people to do that is just amazing.  So, I think the fact that people are aligned to drive Textron profitability ahead of their own unique side of the businesses is quite testimony. I wish weve been smart enough not to have such a big TFC, I sure learned that, but thats something you cant really know until you get into this financial crisis.
Operator: Your last question comes from Robert Stallard  Macquarie
Robert Stallard  Macquarie:  I was wondering if you could just comment quickly on what this co-line is all about, $410 million seems like a significant amount of money.
Lewis Campbell: What was your question about it?
Robert Stallard  Macquarie: What is it all about; it seems like a very large amount of money.
Scott Donnelly: In the fourth quarter we borrowed against insurance policies, corporate owned life insurance policies that we had in place, which are available and I say borrowed it. Its technically an advance on an asset and you have to pay an interest on the advance, and so given that weve improved our liquidity so significantly we were able to pay that down and as Lewis mentioned, thats still available to us where we had to get into a situation where we need to tap back into it.
Robert Stallard  Macquarie: What was the interest rate on that?
Scott Donnelly: Like around 7%, 6% or so. It was 6% non-tax deductible.
Robert Stallard  Macquarie: Right. And thats now caved down to zero?
Scott Donnelly: I believe so.  Okay, thank you very much ladies and gentlemen.
Lewis Campbell: Thank you everyone. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay starting today after 11:00 am Eastern Time, until October 26 at midnight. You may access the AT&T executive playback service at anytime by dialing 1320-365-3844 and entering access code 991793. Again those numbers are 1320-365-3844 and the access code 991793.  That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Wilburne  VP, IR Lewis Campbell  Chairman and CEO Scott Donnelly  President and COO Tom Cullen  CFO, Textron Financial
Analysts: David Strauss  UBS Cai von Rumohr  Cowen & Company Ron Epstein  Banc of America Steve Tusa  JP Morgan Noel Poponac  Goldman Sachs Heidi Wood  Morgan Stanley Robert Stallard  Macquarie
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Textron earnings conference call. At this time all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) As a reminder todays call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Doug Wilburne, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Doug Wilburne: Thanks Kent, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I would like to mention our discussion today will include remarks about future estimates and expectations. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors which are detailed in our SEC fillings and also in today's press release. You can also find a slide deck containing key data items for today's call in the Investor Relations section of our website. And we will be specifically referring to many of these charts during today's discussion. Finally, you can also find an excel download our income statements for the past five years recast to reflect the move of HR Textron to discontinued operations as a result of the sale of this business in the quarter. We will begin our call today, with a brief discussion of first quarter results, then Lewis Campbell, Textron's Chairman and CEO will follow with comments on our liquidity plan, the excellent progress we made in the first quarter and how today's public offerings support that plan. After that Scott Donnelly, Textron's President and Chief Operating Officer will review key operating items in each of our segments. We will wrap up with additional analysis of our first quarter results and a few comments about our outlook and we also have Dick Yates, our Acting Chief Financial Officer present to participate in Q&A as needed. Moving now to first quarter results. Revenues in the quarter were $2.5 billion down 24%. GAAP earnings were $0.35 per share, and adjusted earnings from continuing operations excluding restructuring charges were $0.26 per share compared to $0.88 a year ago. Our results included a $0.13 per share after-tax gain from the sale of CESCOM, our aircraft tracking service at Cessna. Thats our air company and it's tracking service at Cessna. On a pre-tax basis, the gain was $50 million and was included in Cessna's first quarter segment profit of $90 million. On the cash front, we have adjusted our definition of free cash flow to enable a better understanding of cash generated by the manufacturing group separately from the cash generation of TFC. By the way Textron Corporate cash flows are included in the manufacturing group. Looking at page 3 then of our key data schedules titled manufacturing group cash flow, you see the manufacturing operations used $286 million in cash during the first quarter. It's important to note that this was favorable to plan as cost savings and cash conversion actions were taking have already began to take gain traction. Nonetheless, the manufacturing cash usage reflected a significant build of inventory at Cessna, as we delivered 69 jets versus our plan of about 80. As well as significant seasonal payments made across the company during the quarter, including about a $100 million in cash to settle our 2008 stock-based compensation hedge. Also keep in mind that the inventory build at Cessna which was about $250 million in the quarter should begin to reverse itself during the second half of the year as our production flows reach their new target levels. Scott will speak in more detail about the actions we have taken at Cessna to address the inventory build as it's been a key focus area for us. And one last item regarding accounting convention at TFC. We have decided to report non-accrual finance receivables separately from hard assets we own that were received in settlement of troubled finance receivables. This separate reporting reflects the increasing proportion of recovered assets and the difference in characteristics between owning part assets versus finance receivables. With that I will turn the call over to Lewis.
Lewis Campbell: Okay, thank you, Doug and good morning everyone. The industrial and financial sectors of the economy continued to be a challenge for us this quarter. And as a result most of the company's commercial markets experienced further softening and TFC credit quality weakened. On the other hand we had continued solid results at Bell and Textron Systems. And importantly we had strong execution on our liquidity plan. Specifically, we liquidated $926 million of managed receivables at TFC about twice of what our planned calls were. As you know we also completed the sale of HR Textron for net cash proceeds of about $275 million. And we took steps to right size our manufacturing businesses and improve working capital efficiency. As expected we used cash to support our manufacturing operations in the quarter but we did so at a pace less than what we have planned despite lower than anticipated volumes. Looking to the full-year we expect a significant contribution to cash generation from inventory reductions as the year progresses and we remain on-track to generate $400 million of manufacturing free cash flow for the full-year in 2009. To ensure our organizational focus on our cash objective, we have already incorporated a significant incentive compensation management element for our top 1000 managers directly linked to stretch cash generation goals. Okay, let's discuss our overall liquidity plan starting with a review of the planned objectives which we have listed on page 4 in our schedules. And it is going to be important to follow these schedules especially for page 4 and 5. Okay, we intend to complete our plan without selling any of our core assets including the captive finance business. In addition we looked to maintain a minimum cash balance of at least $1 billion to ensure operating flexibility. Over time, we look to restore efficient access to the unsecured debt markets. And finally, we are targeting to accumulate sufficient cash to pay off our bank loans and to be in a position to re negotiate those lines well in advance of the April 2012 maturity. Now to reach our planned objectives we have many different initiatives most of which were already executing. And there are others which are currently being pursued. Well that as a backdrop. Let's look at our updated base liquidity plan which is shown on page 5 of the schedule. So, I am going to spend some time on this. So turn to page 5. We have changed the format of the schedule somewhat from what you have seen previously. We started with a commercial paper balance we paid that off now. So we now show a starting unit as cash on the balance sheet show at the top of the page. Additionally, our forecast now reflects first quarter achievements as well as refined estimates of future cash flows. So, let me first look at the column for the first quarter. We begin the year with combined cash balance of $547 million shown at the top there. To that we added our managed receivables reduction of $925 million then we subtract the $286 million use of cash for manufacturing operations. On the funding side and as you know we drove on our bank loans for almost $3 billion and paid down commercial paper and term and securitization debt as shown on the chart. Any of you that saw our previous chart now that the dent payments were slightly more than what was originally and contractually required as we made some early retirements of debt. Continuing there is the $376 million in gross cash from the HRT sale. Keeping in mind this transaction should net about $275 million after we pay cash taxes later in the year you can see that on column 2 under the 2009 full-year. Then after dividends paid and other miscellaneous uses of cash and non-cash adjustments Textron and TFC ended the quarter with combined cash of $1.7 billion. Looking now to full-year. We are increasing our '09 forecast of TFC liquidations from our original $2.6 billion to $3.1 billion. And we are doing this while maintaining our original 2010 plan of $1.9 billion of liquidations. We have total debt payments of about $1.6 billion for bond owners and $2.3 billion for securitization investments. With our projection of cash for manufacturing still at $400 million we are now estimating an ending '09 cash balance of about $1.3 billion. And moving to 2010, our base plan now shows ending cash balance of about $700 million up from the previous plan of about $225 million. So, obviously we are pleased with our progress so far. And today as we announced last night we are taking advantage of favorable capital market conditions to raise capital to an offering of convertible senior notes and common stock. Net proceeds are expected to be approximately $470 million net of fees and those of course, depend on marketing conditions and our stock price. This will significantly increase our cash liquidity bringing us to an end of 2010 cash balance of nearly $1.2 billion almost a $1 billion improvement from our original forecast you can see that at the very bottom of page. The offering also has a benefit of strengthening and extending the maturity of our capital base. Operationally, we are focused on managing for a slower economy. For example, we expect the business jet order environment will take considerable time to recover. Accordingly, we have regionally reached the very difficult decision to suspend the Citation Columbus program. We are obviously disappointed that we will not be bringing this product to market in the timeframe originally planned, however, at this point of cycle it's more important for us to invest in our core, light and mid-sized product lines. On the other hand as I said earlier we are fortunate to have two very well positioned businesses, Bell and Textron Systems. Their solid growth outlooks are evident when looking at the 2010 DoD budget outlined recently released. And longer term with a ramp up of the V-22, the H-1, the Bell Commercial 429, Unmanned Aircraft Systems and host of other programs we expect solid growth from these two businesses for years to come. To wrap up our liquidity plan is working and we have been able to demonstrate progress on every front. With today's actions we are significantly increasing our flexibility to meet our funding needs under a variety of scenarios. Clearly, cash is the key metric to watch this year. On the other hand '09 earnings will depend in large measure on the economy and to what extent business jet demand recovers. In any event our earnings performance is going to jet [ph] this year. As a result we have adjusted our outlook to reflect this challenge. We now estimate earnings from continuing operations before special charges will be in a range of $0.45 to $0.75 per share. I am going to close on one final point. While we are focused on cash we remained committed to improving our core manufacturing capabilities and efficiencies and continuing to invest prudently in new products across the businesses, so that when we emerge from this economy we will re-poise to resume growth and to generate very significant shareholder value. I look forward to keeping you informed and updated on our progress, and with that I will turn it over to Scott. Scott?
Scott Donnelly: Thank you, Lewis. Good morning, everyone. I would like to start a discussion this morning on manufacturing side of the business where our focus remained on driving productivity, improving our working capital efficiency and generating cash from these businesses. We achieved and had plan cash flow position in the first quarter as we saw early results from our efforts to reduce our inventories and conserve cash. Our only inventory growth which we will talk about later is in Cessna. Perfect demonstration this was evident our industrial businesses were despite significant volume declines of 35% led by nearly 40% decrease in Caltex, resulting from the reduction in global auto production reductions. However, we were able to offset much of the profit impact and post a solid improvement in sequential profitability and more importantly industrial posted a sequential improvement in cash flow as well. So, as we look at the full-year as result of our combined cost reduction working capital improvement plans, we believe industrial businesses will generate positive profitability and solid cash flow. Textron Systems, we think about the Textron System's business while revenues were down on a year-over-year basis primarily reflecting slight reductions in unmanned aircraft systems and military training simulation systems as well as Lycoming commercial engine volumes. We do continue to see strong demand for this products. It's important to point out that, although, we had a lower comparison in the first quarter we will ship more UAS in 2009 than we did in 2008. The comparison only reflects a slippage of units from 2007 to 2008 in the first quarter of last year. So, despite this we still see very strong demand for UAS, our armored security vehicles and our Textron defense products for both US government as well as growing international opportunities. And so we had a very strong quarter, it's clearly our strongest business in the quarter where revenues grew approximately 29% and cash flow also solidly positive. The increased revenue reflect a strong demand in the military side as we delivered five V-22 versus four last year and nine Kiowa Warrior retrofits under the safety enhancement program. We also had a higher military spares in H-1 program support revenues. On the commercial side of Bell, deliveries were also up by 15 as we delivered 37 helicopters. This included three 407s that we delivered to the US Army for prototyping ultimate delivery to the Iraqis. We recently signed the contract for additional 24 units to be delivered in 2010 and 2011 with an option for additional 26, 407 beyond that. Commercial spares and service revenues were also up in the quarter by 8% and finally our commercial (inaudible) made a significant contribution of revenues in the quarter as well. While we have seen some demand weakness on the commercial side we been able to offset this with customers moving forward in our backlog, new orders and paramilitary demand. As a result we remain on-track to deliver about 180 commercial aircrafts this year. Importantly, the long-term outlook at Bell remains solid, especially in US government, homeland security and paramilitary segments. At Cessna we continue to experience weak order demand. We are taking all the right actions to maximize our cash generation over the next two years while continue to support an appropriate amount of product development as Lewis referred to. In the quarter, we recorded 92 net cancellations about half of those were pre-deliveries in 2009 the balance being out to 2010/2011. The customers agreed to move forward from their related over slots, plus orders in the quarter and the 69 aircraft which we did deliver in the first quarter, we have for the total year 295 sold positions in March. Therefore, as we did announce last month we are further reducing our production plans and currently held production target to build about 325 jets this year. Our production goal is to minimize white tails at the end of the year, while protecting our sold slots new order book. And please keep in mind that any white tails or finished goods inventory that we do have at the end of 2009 obviously we would expect to sell in the early part of 2010. With respect to 2009 deliveries it certainly its very difficult in this market to forecast accurately. However, we do analyze our backlog and identify those risks and look at remaining orders on a very regular basis. We continue to pursue opportunities to move additional customers forward in our backlog and of course, our sales teams are working on prospects for new orders. Given this environment we believe we will deliver somewhere in the 209 to 300 aircraft this year. Importantly, from a cash flow perspective we are working very aggressively on our working capital. We are starting to see reductions in process but continue to see growth in the first and second quarter in terms of finished goods as a result of aircraft royalty [ph] in the production schedule. However, we are confident that in the third and fourth quarter those aircrafts will turn to cash and significantly reduce our inventories. To wrap up, on Cessna we are monitoring our ordering and cancellation activity on a daily basis, we have extensive programs underway to continue to restructure and reside the program to meet appropriate demand and we do expect to generate maximum cash this year and next. Finally, let's cover TFC, where we did a meaningful progress for liquidation of our non-cap to finance receivables. Importantly, we took the opportunity to work with many of our lower credits early-on as we had a contractual right to do so in the case where many customers were in technical default. In other words, the reduction was not accomplished primarily from our better credits within the portfolio, but we reduced a larger percentage of our weaker credits than our better credits, so we believe our progress is all the more meaningful. In terms of where the run off occurs in portfolio the two large projections came in our distribution finance and asset based lending businesses as shown on page 6. And earlier this month we signed an agreement with P&C [ph] subsidiary that will allow them to originate a portion of our new E-Z-GO financing which in turn reduces our funding needs and improves our liquidity position. (inaudible) about the quarter our first quarter reduction while these liquidations are certainly easier at the beginning of the process, historically liquidations are highest during the spring and summer months due to cyclical seasonal nature of many of the parts financed in our distribution finance business. This pattern may not necessarily be so strong in 2009 due to decline in balances but the seasonal trends are in our favor. On a credit performance front results worsen in the quarter reflecting continued deterioration in the general economy to some extent our decision to liquidate. Non-accrual finance receivables, total receivables held for investment increased to 6.1% compared to 4.0% at the end of the year. Charge-offs did increase to 2.82% on an annualized basis compared to about 1% in 2008. Deterioration of credit quality was most prevalent in the aircraft portfolio reflecting deterioration in used aircraft prices and related collateral values and our resort business where we saw increases in customer defaults and general lack of liquidity in that industry. If you look at page 7, you can see our new charge-offs projections for the full-year. Now let's talk about liquidation progress and the impact it had on cash flow of TFC starting on page 8. The reduction in receivables of $926 million was offset by net increases in hard assets we now own such as our net decrease in total finance assets was $838 million in the quarter. I want to point out that the repossessed assets fall in two categories those that we will immediately seek to monetize the disposition such as RVs, boats and other consumer durables and in fact we have reached a point now where we certainly are repossessing every week but we are also selling assets out of that at a light rate every week. And assets we will operate and improve for future dispositions and better markets such as golf courses. While we are foreclosing those golf courses, we hire professional management who will continue to operate those forces until we can sell those assets at a reasonable price. Actual cash generation from finance assets at discounts and other non-cash reductions in $779 million which represents cash conversion rate of about 93%. To summarize, TFC were well ahead of schedule with our receivables reduction and cash generation and we are very please with our cash conversion rate. Looking forward as distribution finance portfolio notification window is now behind us, we expect to see second quarter liquidation will be about as large as those in the first quarter. By the way, with deceleration of liquidations, we expect an acceleration of losses as well. Therefore, we are now estimating finance segment losses ranging between $225 million and $250 million for the full-year, reflecting the impact of pass due liquidation and a tougher credit environment. Nonetheless, we believe our total cash collection over the next several years will be consistent with our original plan, but on an accelerated time line. Before I conclude, let me take a moment of update you on our expanded restructuring program. With softening demand across our commercial businesses, we are now taking out additional capacity and overhead costs, most notably at Cessna. Correspondingly, we now estimate full-year restructuring charges will be approximately $75 million, up from our previous estimate of about $40 million. This brings our total headcount reduction to about 8,300 employees or about 20% of our global workforce. To conclude, despite continuing headwinds, we believe first quarter results demonstrated that we are taking necessary actions and have the right programs in place, to maximize cash generations as we manage through this difficult times. And with the actions, we are now taking to streamline our cost. We do believe when economy recovers we will expect to see significant operating leverages as we ramp up commercial volumes. Now, I will turn the call back to Doug.
Doug Wilburne: Thanks Scott. Going now back to our Q1 EPS from continuing operations excluding restructuring charges of $0.26, let's examine the major drivers that drove the $0.62 reduction from last years result. We are now on page nine of our schedules. As you would expect, the largest driver on the manufacturing side was lower volume which costs $0.67. We achieved positive pricing of 2.6% which added $0.16 per share. This was partially offset by $0.09 of inflation reflecting an inflation rate of 1.2%. As we mentioned, the CESCOM sale was worth $0.13. Overall cost performance benefited the quarter by $0.10, taxes provided a positive $0.04 on a year-over-year basis. And this reflects a $0.09 in discrete items this year compared to $0.05 in discrete items in last years first quarter. Discreet items this year were primarily due to benefits from a tax election enabled by Canadian legislation enacted in the quarter and the recognition of previously unbenefited capital losses as a result of the CESCOM gain. Lower corporate expenses contributed a positive $0.04 benefit and miscellaneous items including lower interest expense provided a $0.01. On the negative side of the ledger, used aircraft valuation adjustments at Cessna cost $0.03. This reflects 51 used aircraft on the balance sheet at the end of the quarter, with a carrying value of $247 million. Headwinds from engineering, research and development and depreciation cost $0.03 and the remaining $0.28 of the year-over-year decline came from TFC. With respect to TFCs managed receivable portfolio, schedule 10 shows ending balances among the categories of captive held for investment and held for sale. The schedule reflects the fact that we move two portfolios worth about $650 million from held for sale to held for investment as we determine that this assets would generate greater value if we were to perceive orderly liquidation there instead of outright sale. Turning now to our full year outlook, you can find forecast of segment results on page 11 of the schedules and page 12 provides forecast of corporate P&L items. You can see that our new outlook incorporates lower interest cost reflecting net savings from having drawn our bank lines and our outlook also includes a number of tax benefits expected to incur during the balance of the year. We will wrap up by mentioning that our manufacturing free cash flow outlook of $400 million includes expected pension plan contributions this year of about $70 million and cash restructuring cost of about $100 million. With that, Kent we are pleased to take calls at this time.
Operator: Great. Thank you very much. (Operator instructions) And our first question in this morning comes from the line of David Strauss with UBS, please go ahead.
David Strauss  UBS: Good morning, thank you.
Lewis Campbell: Good morning, David.
David Strauss  UBS: The securitization that you have remaining for the rest of this year $2.3 billion. Can you tell us how that kind of plays out through the year what comes due Q2, Q3, Q4?
Tom Cullen: Hi, this is Tom Cullen. The total liquidation is going to about billion in the second quarter and it's reduced about $900 million in the third quarter than finally about $500 million in the fourth quarter come up to the roughly $3.1 billion for the full-year forecast.
Doug Wilburne: David by the way that was Tom Cullen, CFO of Textron Financial and for the benefit everybody else listening.
David Strauss  UBS: Great, thanks. Moving to Cessna, Lewis on the 290 to 300 revise production schedule, what portion of that you actually sold on and could you also just comment on how the service business is performing?
Lewis Campbell: Sure. Well we have sold possessions of 295, so right in the middle of that spread. So that's fact number one. Fact two, the service business is doing well. The only comment I have to make though is that we are doing well for the business we are getting. We still have strong service business but on the other hand with aircraft usage down you do have necessary less opportunities to do overall and repairs etcetera, so I think rolling will be up slightly this year versus last.
David Strauss  UBS: Okay. My last one on the $400 million forecast for manufacturing free cash flow. Does that assume the working capital is basically neutral for the full year?
Scott Donnelly: No, it doesnt. It reflects significant reduction in working capital across the businesses. Most of which we are already starting to see. The one area where we have not yet seen in a reduction in working capital, Cessna and thats really just a function of the fact that our production plan because it was so high coming into the year declines over the course of the year, so we have a fair bit of finished good inventory thats been manufactured in Cessna in the first and second quarter. But that will play out as those aircraft were sold in third and fourth quarter, but in net we are seeing reductions and would expect to see further reductions in working capital over the course of the year. That are part of that $400 million plan.
Lewis Campbell: David it's a plus or minus is around $225 million in working capital fees.
David Strauss  UBS: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr  Cowen & Company: Yes, thank you very much. You mentioned suspending the Columbus program, what does that mean for R&D assessment, where was it in the first quarter and where should we expect it to be for the year?
Lewis Campbell: We are going to get that, we are out of schedule. We just got dig it up. Let me just give an overview on this of though and that is dont write the Columbus of your radar screen because we have decided that we need to be careful with our R&D spending across a company and that program was going to take effect and be sold in the commerce about 2013 or so and until we know much more about the market it's going to be selling into we thought it was more prudent to suspend it and then to redirect all of our efforts to invest in our existing core products at Bell and Cessna. So thats what we have done. Now I dont know math, do you have math on the actual R&D spend.
Scott Donnelly: Yes, if you looked at 2009, we would have forecast the funding this year around 285 thats ramping down obviously we were probably in the year now depending someone on Columbus and we will have some close our cost associated with it. We will taking that down to run-rate more or like $242 million a year.
Cai von Rumohr  Cowen & Company: And where was it in the first quarter?
Scott Donnelly: Hold down just a second while I have to get that for you.
Doug Wilburne: While he is digging that up, Cai can we talk about anything else, while we will address that.
Cai von Rumohr  Cowen & Company: I have, yes, a very quick question, in your 10-K you mention I think that you are going to have to make $370 million in pension contribution in 2010 and 11, what does that number look like today given you had more layoffs, any guidance on that or rough color?
Lewis Campbell: Yes, as we said in our prepare remarks, we are looking at about $70 million this year, next year it's drive to about $50 million to $55 million.
Cai von Rumohr  Cowen & Company: Yes.
Lewis Campbell: But we are still looking at that higher level going into 2011 and thats all reflected in our liquidity outlook.
Tom Cullen: Cai, one of the things on our liquidity model is, it takes about two pages in order show all the line details that we show or for our own use. So some of these things are collapsed in other line item, so apologize for that.
Scott Donnelly: Hi Cai, its Scott, actual spending in the first quarter at Cessna was just a little over $82 million.
Cai von Rumohr  Cowen & Company: Excellent, thank you very much guys.
Scott Donnelly: Yes, okay.
Operator: Thanks. And we have a question from the line of Ron Epstein with Banc of America. Please go ahead.
Ron Epstein  Banc of America: Hi, good morning guys. How many white tails do you actually have right now and how big is your inventory of used Cessna jets that are on waiting to get sold?
Lewis Campbell: We said, we gave already numbers prepared remarks in terms of used and for market reasons we are not going to give you an exact white fair number that weve got now and obviously, we are building inventory in the first half and hopefully to see that flow through in sales in the second half.
Ron Epstein  Banc of America: Well, I think I am curious, how that happened? I thought, you guys had all process and managing the backlog, it control over your sales force. I mean how did we getting up in a situation when you do have any white tail.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think if you are remember, going back to, middle to later part of last year, production forecast were one point around 500 jets and so you had a whole supply chain, suppliers, internal production, in terms of number of labor and production line rates were designed to do that. And so that team has been scaling back in terms of both our in-house workforce and going out working with our suppliers but the fact the matter is, the relatively long lead associated with a lot of that material. So the most efficient way to manage this ramp down has been, you do what as we take our own internal labor down as we are able to turn off that incoming supplier material. So if you look at the year and again as we did taking labor out and saw incoming stream it doesnt happen overnight. So as we ramp this thing down, you are obviously, you have a lot higher build rates in the first quarter and second quarter than the third and fourth quarter, so, the plan that we have right now and we obviously just announced in other round of way off, in the business, is to continue to bring that production rate down but it does take those periods bring those curtail and again we had an off a lot of long lead material that was in the pipeline through our supplier. So, obviously we take that in consideration, so as we continue to try balance production versus demand but it will result in old production the first and second quarter.
Ron Epstein  Banc of America: Now, Scott, I mean how should we think about, I guess the margin in Cessna if you normalize out the $50 million (inaudible) of the CESCOM asset or just under 5%, I mean when we think about where should Trauff [ph] margins be in that business, when you are add say Trauff delivery.
Scott Donnelly: Well I think, we probably are in that Trauff, I mean, cost as coming out, I think we probably bottom on that margin rate, he saw that we will maintain, out or above that rate even with lower volumes through the balance of 2009 and lower volumes in 2010 as well.
Ron Epstein  Banc of America: Okay. And then just one last question follow up, when David ask how should think about you are getting to your cash flow guidance given that you had such a cash outflow this quarter, I mean, I just dont understand how you are going to get there, help me understand that?
Scott Donnelly: Sure, I mean, if you look at the balance I mean I think we had at or better than what we have planed pretty significantly in fact out of most of business in terms of reductions and working capital and overall cash efficiencies the only thing that offset it was the build up on inventory coming through Cessna, I know, you know first quarter was always difficult quarter for us from a cash perspective just because  that number reflects not only the operating businesses but all the corporate cost things like hedging against stock based compensation things like that, which were cash outflows in the first quarter. So there is some unusual things that dont occur in this first quarter, which obviously was factored into our plan, but I would say from an operation perspective, the big swing is really the reductions of those inventories Cessna in the third and fourth quarter.
Lewis Campbell: Yes, let me add one more comment to that, because I know that Scott mind when you look at the charge we put up you here in the numbers we've talked about obviously we are pretty strong in that $400 million number for the end of the year and just another fact which you may know about I just I said in my opening remarks but you may have missed it, we had because we change the way we incentive pay the top 1000 managers. We changed our annual incentive compensation or our bonus formula if you will and I should have mentioned that 50% of the top 1000 managers in the company, 50% of their bonus which is always targeted as a percentage of their base salary lets say its 30% and then half of that 30% or 15% will be based on them making their stretch cash targets. We never done that before but we have had experience in redesigning the comp system to gain improvement and a metric most notably ROIC [ph] when we went from 8 to 21. So I would be very surprised and disappointed if we dont see the kind of improvement that our managers are signing up for. Another point may not be obvious, Cessna is still a strong cash generator in '09, '10 and '11. And so our balance system, so 80% of the company are very strong positive cash flow generators.
Ron Epstein  Banc of America: So, just want to following to those comments.
Lewis Campbell: Yes.
Ron Epstein  Banc of America: With the Textron Six Sigma, the engineering of Textron I would have expected in the downturn that may be Cessna would do better but it looks like you kind of going back to the historical performance of Cessna in a downturn. I mean how should I think about the impact of the both that whole program for the company and in industrial downturn. I mean to me it doest look like its paying off in the downturn.
Lewis Campbell: Well if you would remind me to respectfully disagree with you in front of about 160 people I would like to, because 
Ron Epstein  Banc of America: Thats fine, thats great.
Lewis Campbell: I know, I know, look it takes a Herculean effort to be planning to run at about 500 plus deliveries in October of '08 for the calendar 2009 and then take that number down to 290 to 300. That is a tough thing to do. Secondly if you think about it although we manufactured planes about (inaudible) more efficiently in most others. When you think about it you can't just stop, and you cant just change the production and pull plans out of the sequence. You get stuck actually making a plan if someone cancels on in the first quarter so then what we have to do to move up someone out of the second quarter, third quarter or 2010 which we been pretty successful in doing. So although it would appear to you and I dont blame that they are saying that our numbers are different than you might have thought. I'll give you another interesting comment. Back in 2001 when our margins, 2002 and '03 when our margins dropped as a result of 9/11 we were not production any Mustangs, Mustangs have a very low profit contribution. So if when you take a look at the mix of businesses we have to factor that in to, when considering the number we are producing I would say our margin has held up pretty darn well in fact most people believe that had we not had Six Sigma and Lean in place we'd have been much worse off.
Ron Epstein  Banc of America: Great. Well thank for all the comments guys.
Lewis Campbell: Yes.
Tom Cullen: Before we go to the next question I just want to follow up Ron because I think your question about cash flow is one that is on the top of a lot of peoples mind and even though in the overall scheme, our overall liquidity plan its a small piece. I really want to understand, if you look at the mid point of our range that results in manufacturing net income of about 255 million. And when you go down through the map to get the 400 thats going to require an increase or a contribution from working capital of about 225 million. So its not that big of a stretch when you think about it in those terms because obviously as Scott explained in the first half of the year we've got the momentum in the production process at Cessna and to a extent that we saw those in the second half of the year that working capital is going to recover. Not to mention all the programs that we have underway to just streamline our supply chains. So if you doubt that we are going to able to sale al those planes in the second half of the year then you just move it out to 2010 again as Scott kind of explained. So the cash flow from manufacturing operations over the next two years I think we feel pretty comfortable about the cumulative $900 million on our schedule there.
Lewis Campbell: The other items for the quarter we talked about interest and taxes and comp programs and various expenses the run rate for the year is $500 million to $600 million. We will have spent or we did spent close to 300 in Q1. So, essentially you will see substantially less cash used than those categories in remaining three quarters than you did in the first.
Ron Epstein  Banc of America: Okay.
Doug Wilburne: Yeah. Al right next question please.
Operator: Great thank you your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JP Morgan.
Lewis Campbell: Hi Steve.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: Hi, good morning.
Lewis Campbell: Good morning.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: Just a question on the can rate going into the second quarter, how front end loaded was toward cancellation in the quarter and where you are seeing as you kind of get out of first quarter?
Lewis Campbell: Steve, the cancellation rates I mean its bit lumpy. So I think that what the trend we are seeing is that we are starting to see a tapering off of cancellations that relate to aircraft deliveries for 2009. We are still continue to see cancellations in 2010 and 2011 timeframe and frankly I think we will see than you should expect to see significant cancellations in the second quarter, although primarily associated with aircraft or related your deliveries. In particular, having announced the suspension of the Columbus program for instance you would expect to see quite a few cancellations of Columbus orders in this quarter across those are deliveries who are out in 2014, 2015 timeframe so.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: Okay. So you will take those at a backlog you consider those cancellations and those who come through mostly in the second quarter?
Lewis Campbell: Yes, that's correct.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: Okay. And on that front I am just interested when they go in a backlog I assumed that there was a deposit, what are the timing is to what you have to return those deposits?
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think if you look at something like the Columbus where it's result of customers' cancellations result of our suspension in the program you expect to see that cash flow virtually immediately back to our customers. Obviously that's a very different situation and our customer might cancel when aircraft is almost complete in which case mostly as we are keeping majority not all that the deposit account for remarketing and reconfiguration there.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: But you said that the $2 billion backlog you had of Columbus, is it fair to say that like 10% of that and that's kind of mostly you are thinking about?
Scott Donnelly: No, the amount of deposits that we have on Columbus it's still over date.
Lewis Campbell: It's about $50 million worth of deposits that we had taken on Columbus.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: Okay. From the net manageable. And then just on commercial helicopters what was the orders in the quarter? And what was that year-over-year?
Lewis Campbell: Our net orders in and out of the backlog, Steve where on a unit basis were slightly negative and on a dollar basis were slightly positive.
Scott Donnelly: Generally the trend that we are seeing, Steve is we had some cancellations that have been primarily in the 407 and 206 of the lighter or smaller helicopters and where we seen the strength in the orders has been in the 412s, which is
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: You are saying slightly negative on year-over-year comp per basis, or all in that cancellations?
Scott Donnelly: All in that cancellations.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: Okay. And then one more question is on how quickly you noticed that production doesnt really ramp down, so does that mean we are having other season where we done free cash period in the second quarter, I know cash is tough to predict, but you seem to be predicting it with a pretty good visibility here outside the year. Is second quarter also negative?
Scott Donnelly: Assessment, we will still have cash consumption assumption for it.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: And for the company?
Scott Donnelly: No, I would say that it could be closed.
Lewis Campbell: Close to even there.
Scott Donnelly: It's going to be closed.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Scott Donnelly: We worked ahead of our plan, in Q1 we are working hard try to get that in Q2 as well.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Great. Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Noel Poponac with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Lewis Campbell: Hello, Noel
Noel Poponac  Goldman Sachs: Hi, how are you?
Lewis Campbell: Good.
Noel Poponac  Goldman Sachs: Little more clarity on the assessment numbers, how many of the 290 to 300 are most tanks?
Lewis Campbell: The mostly of the 295 is probably going to be somewhere in the 120 to 130 range.
Noel Poponac  Goldman Sachs: Okay. So, that's not really changing?
Lewis Campbell: No, most tanks are actually holding pretty well.
Scott Donnelly: Most tanks are fairly easy because we have a such a big backlog, so as we seen the customer mix shift little bit that's can be our number.
Noel Poponac  Goldman Sachs: Yes, that makes sense. And gave us a sold out number for '09, can you tell us how many aircrafts are sold for 2010?
Scott Donnelly: We can't believe it. Actually right now we feel pretty good about 2010 on the order book, but I dont think it's smart to put that number out there because until we see cancellation is stabilized and as Scott mentioned there attending to rate softening some, so that's good. Right now I will be happy if we went through the year and started from where we are and build slightly in 2010 that would be a pretty good year for us. We know exactly what our production schedule. Well be down that run rate by mid-2009 and thats kind of how we see.
Noel Poponac  Goldman Sachs: Okay and youre taking up the full-year target for the run-offs at $3.1 billion you know obviously its been successful to-date but you guys had sort of alluded to you know if you had early success you maybe want to pull back for collateral and had alluded to you know not wanting to take up the target because you know you would be pushing people into a greater loss position. Can you just tell us how thats split out has made has the better credit market made it a lot easier to move people to other sources of financing and so the losses are as better, whats your thinking in taking that target higher?
Lewis Campbell: Well there is a number of things on I think primarily our philosophy on this is that as we went through the first quarter we had originally set our target. We obviously more than  I mean we almost doubled it so we had a dramatic improvement like a couple of things one is that because the economy has still been pretty tough. A lot of the dealers that we work on finance are also being cautious about increasing their inventory. So, in many cases as those customers sold those assets. We got paid. So moved the receivables of cash and in many cases they didnt finance up because they didnt want to increase our inventory. Now we have actually gone past the period where we're committed to phone them and so we dont have a financing requirement going forward so when we laid out the original plan, we had assumed that well have to do more financing in the first quarter until we had given a notice period to these dealers whore not going to financing going forward. So, basically what happened is we're taking all of the improvements in the accelerated receivables reduction that we achieved in the first quarter and since we're making that additive to our plan for the year so right now really what we're doing is executing at the plan we would have expected in the balance of the year and by the way so far thats going right on track. So, if you take what we over achieved in the first quarter and add that to the $2.6 billion with the $3.1 billion.
Noel Poponac  Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you and we do have a question now from the line of Heidi Wood with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Heidi Wood with Morgan Stanley: Good morning. I wanted to focus a little bit on, I understand that can you describe to us a bit your bookings policy and how that stands vis--vis other OEs in the industry, I'm just trying to understand you know given the decreased cancellations we've seen in the less-than-twelve month timeframe. How does that give us confidence that your contract terms are really and truly firm?
Lewis Campbell: I can start with it, we have had the same contract terms for (inaudible) since. I have been here and came in 92 basically the same. Let me say how they work and the basement when you put an order you actually make a non-refundable deposit or we do not count it as an order. That deposit is approximately a quarter of million dollar, okay, and then depending on the model and the price for the model you then have to make Ill call it progress deposit payments all of which are non-refundable. For the large planes eighteen months prior to delivery you may have to put a million dollars. So now youre a million and a quarter in. A year prior to delivery you make another deposit of a million dollar so now youre two and quarter in and six months prior to delivery you make another million dollars so youre three and a quarter in and that will be true for the Sovereign Citation term. Now just to make this quick so I want to do is one item. If you slide down to the XLS which would have a list pricing about $11 million youll have your first quarter to million in and then you would make nine months and six months pre-delivery payments of half a million each so you'll have a million and quarter in. if you cancel and you provide us a notification that youre canceling we then follow a procedure where we have to inform you that we intend to keep that plane that deposit. If youve got a loan with the bank, the bank has the option to buy the plane and if they turn us down then we keep the deposit and you have no access to it and thats been in-place and we use that religiously and we have to admit though that in a hot year if we are at a year of strong sales and something happened that we thought was reasonable from a good customer. Now remember 70% of our customers. I repeat then we might make a deal with you to say look okay. We're going to keep your deposit. We're going to keep all the interest on your deposit but lets see if you can book another order in 2010 or 11. Obviously, thats not the case this year because the cancellation rates are higher and the production volumes are down. So, we keep the deposits.
Heidi Wood with Morgan Stanley: Alright, thanks. But it still, I guess, one would always think that the near-term deliveries would be firmer than the further out ones but, you talked about knowing exactly what the production schedule is for 2010 and yet again there has been a 50% decline in your deliveries for '09, between what you guide in October versus what you are guiding now here in April. What processes are you engaging and that gives you better visibility for next year than you feel that you had this year and can you also touch on what's been going with pricing because obviously was rising inventory. You got to be challenged on the pricing front.
Lewis Campbell: I mean these are pretty extraordinary times. So I think it is very hard to go back and compare how those process plays out versus how it is playing out today. I mean I dont think that we have ever seen a period of time where you have customers to get to a point where they have actually picked interiors. They have dont paint, everything and at the last minute want to walk with aircraft. And I think it is driven by the general economic situation. I think we have cases everyday. A customer comes in. They made all the deposits. They have actually come out. They have done the paint. They have done everything they want on the aircraft. And they try to turn around inventory of 10% to 20% of the workforce. So, when they come back and say look we just can't  we can't fly in our new airplane in to our account, having just laid off a bunch of our employees. So, as we said. We work for the customer like that. Many of this are already customers and they probably would came back. But it is not going to be this year. So, I think these are pretty extraordinary times. We talked about where we are in '9 and what are our visibility is into 2010, again not a process we had to do in the past but we are trying to maintain very regular communication with our customers. If you look at our production schedules both for this year and next year, we look at every quarter number, we talk to every customer, we try to assess the risk, is the customer going to stay in the backlog, is the customer going to cancel. So we are talking to them. We are talking to some cases to their financial institutions, understand and make sure the financing is solid. So, I mean I wish I could tell you that we had perfect visibility and clearly we dont. I dont think anybody in the industry does.
Heidi Wood with Morgan Stanley: No, I am just trying to understand if this process is giving you additional insight to better know how to base line 2010. I mean, obviously, 2009 is going period. Thats clear. But obviously there is a learning process as well. So, I am just trying to understand if there is a new aspects to the conversations. It does give you a reason to have confidence for 2010, that would be greater than 2009. And also please touch on pricing.
Scott Donnelly: I am sorry. So, anyway, I think what the new process is that the number of contacts, we had communication with the customer to understand where they are, are they really in the backlog, are they really going to move out, or are they really going to cancel is much greater than it is ever been before. It is not a perfect process. We still have customer that shows up when something change at the last minute. But I think the visibility we have on the balance for 2009 and then through 2010 is all derived by that level of contact in trying to understand exactly what's going on for every single customer situation, which we just never had to do before. On the pricing front, clearly there is pricing pressure in the industry, used aircraft values in particular have dropped significantly. What we have been doing is on the new aircraft side, we are not moving on those pricing, we are working with customers to do special things, say maintenance and support kind of activities so we can give them some additional value to them to taking aircraft, to coming to order book, in some cases beyond what we would normally like to do, but we are trying to protect pricing of the new aircraft. On the used aircraft front, obviously thats a very dynamic market, and we do have some special programs, we are running right now, in order to move our used aircraft, where customers are interested but are concerned is it going to be a further reduction in the we value of that aircraft, in some cases ,we are actually going to guarantee that values so we will give the customer a several year window. They take the aircraft, they pay for the aircraft, right to put that aircraft back to us at the end of that term or deal the trade-in to something else and so where base could rise. We think thats in the best interest of moving that used aircraft, bringing the cash in and getting customers back out there and using this aircraft.
Heidi Wood with Morgan Stanley: Alright. Great. Thanks very much.
Scott Donnelly: Sure.
Operator: Thanks. And our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard  Macquarie: Good morning.
Lewis Campbell: Hi Rob.
Robert Stallard  Macquarie: First question, you had obviously quite a few cancellations in the quarter. I was wondering if you could give us some flavor where it's coming from in terms of geographical distribution. And I think possibly industries that accounts (inaudible)?
Lewis Campbell: Well, Rob, the distribution as I said is roughly about half 2009 deliveries and half future deliveries. I know how the data thing puts in but I haven't seen any trend of specific segments or specific kinds of individuals or companies that are canceling. Obviously we get a very broad range of different sort of root causes for the cancellations. Many are the just general economic conditions and remember a lot of our aircraft because they are the small to midsize aircraft or small companies, I mean, in some cases work individual but generally they are registration new corporations and represents a small businesses. I think in generally you see a lot of people that you have a difficult situation of their business which can either manifest itself, it difficulty getting financing. We certainly see some of that or as refer to earlier, just (inaudible) a lot of people and dont feel like, it looks right for them to come in brand new aircraft when they are in the process of laying off bunch of employee, so which I think if you go back and you look at the trends which I think you probably as familiar as anybody with that business jet industries won the cycles very, very highly correlate US cope for profits. So, in times are good, people are buying aircraft, when times are not they differ or cancel those aircraft. So historically that has been a very, very hard correlation factor and frankly we would expect that going forward. So as you see the economy strengthen people start brining employees back in and the company start doing better we would expect also to see the demand for the business just pick up again.
Robert Stallard  Macquarie: 12 months ago, you were talking about the international side to be very strong. It came to by a 50% of orders, have these new international customers proved to be more speak even some of your US customers or picking the calls when you are trouble?
Lewis Campbell: I dont know if there any particularly statistical difference at this point rather we can go kind try to chase that data down but you are seeing the situation both domestic and internationally. I know you pick up some international orders here in the quarter and we certainly shipping a lot of international aircraft but were still on balance or shipping a lot of US aircraft as well.
Robert Stallard  Macquarie: I just finally, Lewis, you said that you went looking to Cessna's core assets, are there any non core assets that you might be interested disposing on that the next 12 months?
Lewis Campbell: Well I dont think it would be fair us to comment on that. I think it best for us to kind of keep things close until we announce we have got sign of distribution sales but I just couldnt comment on that. If we were, if we weren't, I apologize for that.
Robert Stallard  Macquarie: Okay. Thanks very much.
Lewis Campbell: Sure. Alright kind understand there are no more questions in queue. I just want to do one clarification earlier I think David Strauss ask a question about the securitization and amortization to the rest of the year, and I think we misunderstood and gave a full manage receivables amortization. So, on the $2.262 billion of securitization it actually amortizes 490 in the second quarter, 757 in the third, and 335 in the fourth for the full year amount. So with that, that concludes our call, and we thank everybody for your interest in Textron and we will talk to you soon.
Operator: Great. Thank you very much. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation. Today's call will be available for replay starting today Wednesday, April 29 at 10:00 Am Eastern Time and it will be available through Monday, July 27 at midnight Eastern Time. And you may access the AT&T Executive playback service by dialing 320-365-3844 and then enter the access code of 991791 that number once again is 320-365-3844 and again enter the access code of 991791. And again that does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Doug Wilburne  VP, IR Lewis Campbell  CEO  Scott Donnelly  President and COO  Ted French  EVP and CFO 
Analysts:  Nicole Parent  Credit Suisse Jeffrey Sprague  Citi Investment Research Cai von Rumohr  Cowen & Company Noel Poponac  Goldman Sachs David Strauss  UBS Steve Tusa  JP Morgan [Matt Vitoriosa]  Barclays Capital Steve Searl  Conning Asset Management Mike Meek  Atlantic Investments Nick Riley  Goldman Sachs   
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Textron Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). And as a reminder todays conference is being recorded.  I will now like to turn the conference over to Doug Wilburne, Vice President for Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Doug Wilburne: Thanks Glenn, and good morning, everyone. Joining us today are Lewis Campbell, Textron's Chief Executive Officer; Scott Donnelly, Textrons President and Chief Operating Officer and Ted French, Textron's Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to mention our discussion today, we will include remarks about future estimates and expectations. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors which are detailed in our annual SEC fillings and also in today's press release. You can also find a slide deck containing key data items from today's call in the Investor Relations section of our website. And we will be specifically referring to a couple of these charts today during our discussion. And then one final point is when we get to Q&A, we would like to ask everyone to please limit themselves to one question with possible follow-up. So that we can get through everybody, we would appreciate that. So, now moving to fourth quarter results, revenues in the quarter were $3.6 billion up slightly from a year ago. Our income from continuing operations excluding special charges was $0.40 per share consistent with our revised guidance of $0.30 to $0.40 per share offered in our December 22, press release.  Special items in the quarter included the following, a $293 million pre-tax or $0.86 per share mark-to-market adjustment against assets held for sale at TFC in conjunction with our exit plan announced on December the 22. A $169 million pre-tax charge or $0.67 per share to eliminate TFCs goodwill, a $31 million tax charge or $0.13 per share, related to the change in investment status of TFCs Canadian subsidiary and $64 million pre-tax charge or $0.18 per share for restructuring charges across the enterprise.  Also we close on the sale of our Fluid & Power business and recorded an after-tax gain of $111 million which is reflected in discontinued operations. A reconciliation of our reported GAAP loss of $0.87 is attached to our press release. For the full-year our manufacturing businesses generated $899 million in cash against capital expenditures of $542 million.  Textron received $142 million and dividends during the year from TFC and in December we made $625 million capital contribution into Textron financial to maintain the earnings to fixed charge coverage ratio under the support agreement between Textron and TFC. Keep in mind that the contribution did not resolve and an increased to the total combined debt of Textron and Textrons financial as the increase in debt outstanding of Textron was exactly offset by the lower debt outstanding at TFC. With that I will turn the call over to Lewis. 
Lewis Campbell:  Thank you, Doug, and good morning everyone, let me set the stage for my remarks this morning by first pointing out the obvious economic conditions weaken further during the fourth quarter, but actually had a pace and degree that has not occurred in decades. The impact on our customers at Cessna Industrial and Textron Financial were particularly significant. Consequently as many of you have already observed, we believe 2009 is setting up to be the most challenging year ever for most manufacturing companies. Furthermore, Textron, we have an obvious additional challenge related to our commercial finance business and we are addressing that. That being said we have developed plans for 2009 thats squarely focus on two important goals. Improving cash generation and operating performance at each of our businesses and a markedly slower demand environment. And aggressively converting finance receivables at TFC to cash. Frankly, we are taking a very pragmatic approach to every aspect of the business given this unprecedented economic environment. And we have implemented a very comprehensive liquidity plan for the company we will talk about that. And a cornerstone of this plan is the expanded TFC exit strategy announced on December 22nd, which calls for a liquidation of at least $2.6 billion in receivables by the end of this year. We have a detailed execution plan for achieving this liquidation target and Ted will describe this in more detail very fully later.  In addition to the portfolio run-off, we are also pursuing significant asset sales of individual TFC business. A variety of potential buyers are currently looking at various portions and combinations of TFC, TFCs assets and we are working these possibilities vigorously.  We are also working on new securitizations. Our facility extensions similar to what we did last month, when we extended the maturity on a $550 million aircraft facility for about a year. At the Textron level, we expect positive cash generation from our manufacturing businesses plus we are evaluating a full range of potential capital markets alternatives as well as other asset sales.  Our recent successful closing of the Fluid and Power transaction which Doug mentioned is indicative of the kind of interest that exist even in these times from strategic buyers. To close this discussion, we believe that successful execution of our TFC exit plan combined with our other liquidity actions will raise cash efficient to meet or exceed our needs. You also know that we have a very strong leadership team on the field. The addition of Scott Donnelly to our team last year has proven to be very beneficial. And now, as our new President and Chief Operating Officer, he and I are keenly focused on running the business consistent with the quickly changing demand environment in which we find ourselves.  After I wrap up, Scott is with us this morning to provide some additional detail on the actions we are taking in our manufacturing businesses.  So, now lets move to the specifics beginning with Cessna where we delivered 131 jets in the fourth quarter, bringing full-year 2008 deliveries to 467 units. Thats actually a new record for the both quarter and the year. Unfortunately, the economy is having an especially aggressive impact on the business jet industry including Cessna.  In the quarter, we only recorded 30 gross orders with about a 45/55 split by the way between the United States and International. In that same quarter, we also saw 23 cancellations and an unprecedented number of deferrals. Combined, these developments affected deliveries in the quarter and more significantly they will impact planned deliveries for 2009. Needless to say it is extremely difficult to forecast this years delivery number because ultimately they will depend on how the economy and other factors effect customer orders and cancellations.  So, we are now basing our Cessna operating and production plan on expected delivery level of around 375 units for 2009.  To put our expected '09 Cessna plan in the historic perspective, remember that our previous big deliveries occurred back in '01 and in the '02 timeframe, I believe, with just over 300 jets and Cessnas revenues then were about $3 billion. At a delivery level of about 375 jets for 2009, Cessnas receivables will be $4.6 billion significantly higher. Coupled with the actions we are taking, we expect Cessna should have solid double-digit financial performance even while preserving critical components of R&D in '09. While Cessna is clearly a cyclical business, it does remain a premier franchise in what we believe an attractive yielded the young industry with a slight long-term growth as well.   Moving now to Industrial. The slowing economy had significant impact in the quarter on volumes in each of our businesses there. But, the largest decline came at Caltex where volumes were down 20% reflecting automotive OEM shutdowns literally around the world. Looking forward in 2009, we believe volumes across all of the Industrial will be down to about 20% to 25% on an average with the largest decline happening in the first quarter as our customers adjust their inventories and production to a lower demand.  On the other hand, a bright note inside Industrials '08 performance relates to the importance of pushing the R&D and consequently new products. Our RXV golf car and E-Z-GO introduced at the beginning of the year made up nearly 60% of '08 deliveries, contributed to a 13.5% and E-ZO-GO revenues last year in spite of the slowing economy.  Now, lets shift to Textron Systems, where we were providing our US government customer essential capabilities critical in todays conflict scenarios that keep Americas soldiers out of harms away. And the effectiveness of our products is beginning to attract business from foreign military sources as well. In particular, we are now selling our Sensor Fuzed Weapon product in United Arab Emirates and we are working a contract with another international customer as we speak.  Our ASV is now being deployed in a number of countries for their internal security missions. In fact, we expect to generate over $1 billion in foreign orders for a variety to Textron Systems products during 2009. Now thats literally five times what we generated last year. These should begin to contribute to growth in 2010 and beyond.  Furthermore, we were recently awarded a contract to operate a performance based logistic program for in country operation of AAIs shadow system in Iraq. On this basis we anticipate solid growth over the next several years at systems as US and international military interest in our products is expected to be relatively unaffected by the economy. We also are pleased with the execution and operating performance in systems. Given the amount of acquisition, integration activity that we had underway over the past two years there results there are even more impressive.  Okay to complete my discussion today, let's now move to Bell where execution is also a good new story and we made substantial progress over the past two years. I mean the V22 is probably the best example.  Last year we delivered 18 aircraft each ahead of schedule, actually most were one month ahead of schedule. In the fourth quarter, Bell added another $1 billion in the backlog of V22 reflecting next years funding of our multi-year contract which was approved last March.  On the operational side the V22 has performed extremely well in Iraq. Most recently this CV-22 which is the air force special version of the Osprey, recently self deployed with area refueling and 5000 nautical miles for a joint multinational operations involving special forces. Feedback from the customer already on this unique capability is that the CV-22 exhibited superb performance during the mission. Likewise, earlier this month the first detachment of H1 Yankee utility units have gone into service as they set sale aboard the USS Boxer with US Marine Corp 13 marine expeditionary unit. We delivered 12 H1 units last year, which included an early delivery from 2009 again we are ahead of schedule and we continue to improve factory productivity.  Execution on the commercial side of our business also showed improvement last year, we delivered 167 commercial helicopters versus our beginning of year target of 160. On the demand front our US military business should experience significant growth over the next several years as we ramp the V22 and H1 programs and as we service and reset legacy aircraft that have seen heavy in theatre use.  On a commercial side of Bell, we actually saw a few cancellations and deferrals during the first quarter but nothing really severe. Nevertheless, we are going to take a cautious approach to commercial production for '09 with an expectation about 180 deliveries versus the 169 in '08. We obviously will watch this very carefully through the year.  So in conclusion, the economic environment has changed quickly and we are taking serious actions accordingly. We have three premier businesses in Cessna, Bell and Textron systems, which combined should generate 80% of our revenues this year at double-digit margins with strong cash flow even in the midst of this economic dislocation.  Our priorities this year are crystal clear, maximize cash flow and operating performance in our manufacturing businesses and convert finance receivables to cash at TFC. We believe we have a plan by which we can successfully navigate these difficult times and we are committed to execute that plan. We believe that we will emerge leaner and more focused and looking forward we fully expect that growth in our strong defense businesses will sustain us over the next several years and after the world economies recover this will be augmented by expansion at Cessna as well as within the remainder of our commercial businesses.  With that I will turn it over to Scott. Scott?
Scott Donnelly: Thank you, Lewis. Good morning everyone. Clearly our focus this year the manufacturing businesses to maximize cash flow of our operations while at the same time preserving the critical part development efforts that will support our future growth when we come out of this economy.  Accordingly we are aligning our '09 production to match expected lower commercial demand lowering our selling, general and administrative cost to headcount reductions, curtailing most discretionary spending includes some reductions in product development, freezing salaries across the company, aggressively reducing our working capital and eliminating non-essential capital spending. Specifically, we dramatically reduced our production plans in Cessna Industrial and to a lesser extent at Bell Commercial to ensure we reflect our current view of customer band to minimize our finished goods inventory.  Correspondingly today we announced an additional 2000 headcount reduction at Cessna, consistent with our reduced production level of about 375 jets. Overall, we're targeting a 10% reduction in SG&A expense which is worth about $150 million in cost savings. With respect to R&D where we're originally planning an increase of nearly 10%, we are now committed to reduce net R&D spending by about 8% or $45 million less than 2008. Looking at our working capital, primary source of cash opportunity here is our inventories which last year were $3.1 billion. We are working across all of our inventories and all of our operations to reduce that number by 15%, leveraging our lean activities deeper into our manufacturing processes and by resetting our supplier delivery schedules to align with our reduced order requirements. To finish with CapEx we are planning to reduce our spending to about $315 million this year that's down 42% from last year's $542 million again consistent with our reduced capacity requirements. In summary, we recognized our planning for reduced demand in our commercial businesses and we are taking appropriate actions to optimize our performance due to this down cycle. And our defense operations where demand remained strong, we're committed to efficiently building the foundation for growth as in our plan over the next few years. With that I will turn it over to, Ted
Ted French:  Thank you, Scott. Good morning everyone. Let me start with the discussion of the TFC exit strategy and then our overall liquidity plan. The exit strategy consists of two elements, liquidation of TFC's non-captive finance receivables and the sale of assets. We've developed comprehensive bottoms up account-by-account liquidation plan that targets a 2009 receivables reduction of $2.6 billion. Notifications were issued late last year, informing our customers of our intentions to terminate financing as soon as contractually permissible and advising them to seek alternate funding. We are monitoring progress against weekly targets to ensure that we need our reduction goal. Despite a minimum 90 day window from most contract terminations to become effective we do expect to achieve over $400 million in liquidations in Q1. We're only a few weeks into our plan, but we are having early success and tracking slightly ahead of target. As we passed the minimum notification period in the second quarter we expect a significant acceleration and liquidation has been. In some cases we're able to assist groups of our customers and locating alternative financing. For example late last year we completed a customer transfer agreement with another inventory financing company. Under the agreement this company will assume new funding requirements for approval of our consumer electronics and appliance for planned customers. We are pursuing similar transfer arrangements for as much of our distribution finance portfolio as possible.  The second part of our exit strategy involved sales of TFC assets, and in that regard we've designated $2.9 billion of our managed receivables as now being held for sales. Based on the number of interested parties currently performing reviews, we believe we may be able to complete a number of meaningful transactions this year thereby augmenting the liquidation process. Now, let's talk about the how the exit strategy fits in with our overall liquidity plan. First, between Textron and TFC we continue to have daily access to the commercial paper markets, although, some days have been more difficult. TFC is using small amounts of its bank lines to supplement its CP program and currently has about $200 million outstanding. But clearly our committed credit lines are working just as they were designed to work. By the way we typically see our heaviest issuance of commercial paper in the first quarter. As our manufacturing business is usually experienced a decrease in sequential deliveries. Out of our $2.6 billion and expected '09 liquidations. Between $1.5 billion and $2 billion of that we will go to payoff bond holders of our securitization vehicles. That leaves an available balance of between $600 million and $1.1 billion for TFC to meet $1.6 billion of term maturities in 2009. Our plan to address that short fall is as follows. We are pursuing a wide variety of sources to not only cover the '09 maturities but also to reduce our overall reliance on commercial paper. So we are driving to bring the balance down. We're looking to generate between $1 billion and $2 billion of cash through the combination of asset sales at TFC as we discussed, new securitizations or extensions similar to what we just did with our aircraft facility in December and other potential asset sales at Textron. We're also expecting to generate about $400 million in cash from our manufacturing businesses after CapEx, and as Scott discussed, we're looking to bolster that through various operating initiatives. We continue to closely monitor the corporate bond markets and as soon as practical, we'll access term capital to pay down commercial paper. And finally, as the ultimate backstop, we have our $3 billion in committed credit facilities. So, we have a comprehensive plan by which we expect to meet our funding needs. Now, let's turn our attention back to fourth quarter results. Looking at what drove the year-over-year changes, income from continuing operations, excluding special charges of $0.40, was down $0.57 from a year ago. $0.46 of the decline came from TFC, the details of which I'll go through shortly. On the manufacturing side, higher pricing of about 3% added $0.26 a share. However, this was offset by about 3.7% inflation, which cost about $0.30 a share. Cost performance benefited the quarter by $0.12 and taxes provided a positive dine, primarily as a result of the foreign tax credit benefit from the repatriation of foreign cash during the quarter, which we discussed in our December 22 release. Lower volume and unfavorable mix cost us $0.16, headwinds from engineering research, development and depreciation cost $0.12, and a variety of miscellaneous items were a penny. Now, let's move to our segment discussion and we'll start with Cessna. Despite the late year fall-off in demand, the fourth quarter was a capstone or a record year at Cessna in terms of jets delivered and revenue and profit generated. However, Cessna's fourth quarter revenues and segment profit did decrease $64 million and $90 million respectively. Revenues were down and in spite of higher jet units that primarily reflected a higher mix of Mustangs. This was partially offset by higher pricing and a benefit from the Colombia product line acquisition. Segment profit decreased due to used aircraft and mark-to-market adjustments. The impact from lower revenue mix and higher product development and overhead cost. Cessna's backlog at the end of the fourth quarter was $14.5 billion, up $1.9 billion from the end of last year. Looking to '09, based on revenues of about $4.6 billion, which would be associated with 375 jets, we estimate that we would be able to give full year margins in the 10% to 12% range. However, the first quarter is going to be our most difficult at Cessna, as we anticipate less than 80 deliveries due to the inability to efficiently replace lost deliveries that affected the quarter. They should stabilize somewhat in the second quarter as we rearrange customer slots and cost savings from our downsizing action take hold. Moving to Bell now, revenues and profits increased $98 million and $40 million in the fourth quarter. The increase in revenues was due to higher volume and pricing. The increase volume relates to higher V-22 and spares and service revenues, partially offset by a lower commercial helicopter mix and the absence of ARH program revenue. Segment profit increased due to favorable cost performance, higher volume and pricing in excess of inflation, partially offset by unfavorable mix. The cost performance reflects the non-recurrence of program charges recorded in the fourth quarter of '07, in both military and commercial programs and higher royalty income this quarter. Bell backlog at the end of Q4 was $6.2 billion, up $2.4 billion from the end of last year. Looking to '09, we believe revenues and segment profits would be approximately flat with 2008. Sales for the year reflect a decrease in military revenue, primarily due to the absence of ARH development activities, lower V-22 spares and support and the temporary reduction in H-1 production which will ramp backup starting in 2010. Again, the first quarter is our lowest delivery quarter and we expect first quarter revenues and profits to be about the same as last year's first quarter. Now looking at Textron Systems, revenues and segment profit increased to $180 million and $37 million respectively. The increase in revenues is due to the benefit of our acquired AAI business and higher volume for ASV spares and logistics, intelligent battle field systems and Sensor Fuzed Weapon. Segment profit increased due to the favorable cost performance, higher volume and the benefit from the acquisition. Backlog at systems ended the year at $2.5 billion compared to $2.4 billion at the end of last year. This backlog should help drive an increase in revenues in '09 to just under $2.3 billion. We expect full year profits to be slightly down as last year's favorable cost performance on a number of completed government contracts gets reflected in this years new lot pricing. And theyll have a fairly even distribution of our earnings across the borders. Next we have Industrial where revenues and segment profit decreased to $135 million and $59 million respectively. Revenues decreased due to lower volumes and an unfavorable foreign exchange impact, partially offset by higher pricing and the favorable impact of the Paladin Tools acquisition at Greenlee. Segment profit decreased due to the impact of the lower volume in mix, inflation in excess of higher pricing and the unfavorable foreign exchange impact. As Louis, mentioned we expect volumes in revenues will likely be down 20% to 25% this year with the largest decline occurring in Q1 at these volumes and with our cost actions we expect to achieve slightly positive full year segment profits in 2009 with a first quarter loss approximately equal to the fourth quarter of '08. Now finishing with finance, credit performance continued to deteriorate with 60 day delinquencies increasing to 2.59% of finance receivables up from 1.06% at the end of the third quarter. Non-performing assets increased to 4.72% from the third quarter level of 2.67. Against this backdrop revenues decreased $64 million in the fourth quarter due to lower market interest rates and lower securitization gains which were partially offset by the benefit of interest rate floors. Segment profit decreased to $171 million as a result of increased loan loss provisions, higher borrowing cost and lower securitization gains again partly offset by the interest rate force. We recorded a $133 million in loan loss provisions to reflect general weakening in market conditions, declining collateral values and the lack of liquidity available to our borrowers and their customers. This also incorporates our increased estimates of future losses as we believe that our exit plan will negatively impact credit losses over the duration of our portfolio. After $33 million in charge-off during the quarter our loan loss reserves rose to a $191 million or 2.8% of our current $6.9 billion worth of owned receivables held for investment. Managed receivables ended the year at $10.8 billion versus $11.4 billion at the end of the third quarter. Looking to '09 on the performance side of TFC, we are planning for credit losses that range from 2 to 4 times higher than in previous down cycles. In that context we expect the TFC segment loss in the range of a $150 million to a $175 million this year. We expect to make additional capital contributions to TFC this year but we also plan to have TFC dividend cash back as we liquidate the portfolio. In total, we expect TFC to flow about $50 million net back to Textron after capital contributions. In conclusion we are projecting full year earnings across year from continuing operations and before special items. We'll be in the range of a $1 to a $1.50 given first quarter volume considerations and the fact that many of our cost initiatives do not take full effect until the second quarter. We're expecting only modest profits before restructuring charges in Q1. We're managing through this global economic reality with swiftness and intensity, bringing into bare the resources in the enterprise, the strength of our diverse business base and our commitment to take a hard line and stream lining operations. We look forward to keeping you informed about our progress as we move though the year and with that operator we are ready to open up to call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And at this time we have a question from Nicole Parent, Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Nicole Parent  Credit Suisse: Good morning.
Lewis Campbell: Hey Nicole.
Nicole Parent  Credit Suisse: I guess first could we may be get a sense when we go back to the August, obviously the financial landscape has deteriorated rapidly for everybody but I guess in the context of the finance presentation that we got back in August, when we talked about the portfolio quality improving and kind of there was no way we were going to get back to the losses that we had, in the '02, '03 timeframe. At the end of the fourth quarter it looks like we wildly exceeded the charge-off ratio TMPA. When you think about passage for 2009 how much conservative put in to that forecast.
Lewis Campbell: Well, obviously Nicole the world did change in the fourth quarter in a big way for us and, we've taken substantial reserves in the quarter higher than what we had previously expected both as a combination of the changes in the world and the impact that its had on our borrowers and their customers. But also in the context of the fact that you know our business model largely blew up as a result of all of the changes that have happened with the financial crisis. And we have changed strategies to move ourselves back to captive position. And we believe that, that will result in further losses higher levels of losses because of that. I think we have been reasonable and may be reasonably conservative. We have put reserves up in Q4 at levels that are as I said, depending on business two to four times higher than what we incurred in the prior downturn. We also have significantly raised charge-off expectations in our numbers for next year. As well as assumptions that we'll have to continue to put up significant reserves. I just don't know where the economy is going to go from this point I think we're being conservative but time will tell.
Nicole Parent  Credit Suisse: Fair enough and just one follow-up on the cancellations and deferrals you are seeing 20% delivery forecast declined for 2009. Seems reasonable may be any read through that you can make on who is canceling who is deferring or is it. All customers all industry across the board?
Scott Donnelly : Well, Nicole it seems to be across the board fairly, broadly mixed I mean, we still have a good mix of international. We haven't really seen any single pocket of cancellations that makes you think, there is some kind of a very serious targeted problem for us, and is basically what President Obama and the rest of the world is trying to figure out. How do you stimulate the economy and up for the people who are out and borrowing money at rates taken before to buy business jets and other items. So no I would say nothing noteworthy.
Nicole Parent  Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: And next we have a question from, Jeff Sprague, Citi Investment Research. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Sprague  Citi Investment Research: Thank you. Just on TFC, Ted would you actually envision continuing to build your provision balance over the course of '09, you provision well in excess of charge-offs here in the quarter. But should we expect the balance to continue to increase over the course of '09?
Ted French: No, Jeff. I think we have substantial charge-offs that we expect in '09. We will continue to put up additional provisions as we go to the year but we expect charge-offs will be higher than provision. So that balance will come down as will the overall asset balance come down, we're targeting to be down to just over $8.5 billion of receivables by the end of the year.
Scott Donnelly : Okay. Jeff, the mid point of our range assumes a mid point of charge-offs somewhere in the 3.5% area so that would not lead to an increase in reserves.
Lewis Campbell: Ideally we obviously put up the reserves first, the charge-offs following in subsequent periods. 
Jeffrey Sprague  Citi Investment Research: And, Ted you kind of walked us through the liquidity with some of the pluses and minuses we needed to think about but just to be specific, where are the CP balances today and what are the timing of the '09 term maturities?
Ted French: CP balances today are around $1.7 billion somewhere in that neighborhood I don't have it this morning.
Lewis Campbell: Just below, 1.8 yesterday.
Ted French: Just below 1.8 yesterday, the timing of maturities are pretty much backend loaded the TFC maturities are, in the $200 million to $300 million range for the first three quarters of the year. And then about $800 million in Q4 for a total 1.50 for the full year. 
Jeffrey Sprague  Citi Investment Research: And then if I might just change gears a little bit back to Cessna. 
Lewis Campbell: It will be a follow-up Jeff. 
Jeffrey Sprague  Citi Investment Research: I know, but thats the world we live in, isnt it?
Lewis Campbell: Yeah. 
Jeffrey Sprague  Citi Investment Research: Nicole asked the question a little bit as related to Cessna, but what is the '09 production implied for Mustang and is there any particular distinction between our Mustang customers are acting and others certainly a couple of months they were looking more resilient and I wonder if thats changed?
Scott Donnelly: No, Jeff, I would say that, that still where we are. The number of enquires cancellation delays as we have gone through the Mustang backlog remains very firm. We have taken it down modestly from our original '09 plans but the reductions there are not as significant to some of the other larger effect. 
Lewis Campbell: We are looking at about hundred first.
Jeffrey Sprague  Citi Investment Research: Thanks a lot. 
Operator: And next we have a question from Cai von Rumohr, Cowen & Company. Please go ahead. 
Cai von Rumohr  Cowen & Company: Okay, so you said a 130 Mustangs which would imply, I see you are up 30% there, is that correct? So, all of the decline is coming in the good stuff where you make a good margins?
Scott Donnelly: Thats correct. The Mustang is still and is still under ramp up. 
Cai von Rumohr  Cowen & Company: Okay. And could you give us some more color on which of the models that are having the greatest difficulty and why the first quarter from the kind of a disappointing fourth quarter is going to be 80? Is that sort of delays or is it execution. I guess, I didnt quite understand why the first quarter was going to be quite so low?
Lewis Campbell: Scott.
Scott Donnelly: Well its primarily a factor of the delays and cancellations that we saw when we went through the fourth quarter last year and went through and talked to all of our customers to backlog. So, those 80 units that we have forecast for Q1 delivery are all firm sold aircraft. 
Lewis Campbell: I think its the speed in which the cancellation process and the late process happened in Q4, a lot of newer aircraft got cancelled and we are in a process right now of trying to reset the line, move customer slots around, move some customers up but there is not enough time to make a lot of that happen in Q1. 
Cai von Rumohr  Cowen & Company: So, do we assume that you took about 30-35 Mustangs in the first quarter. 
Scott Donnelly: Yes, it should be about that. Yeah its a linear run rate and the run rate that we had going out of the year supported the original plan to be able to do about 150 a year. So, you would expect that Mustang delivered pretty lengthier linear across the year. 
Cai von Rumohr  Cowen & Company: Thank you very much gentlemen. 
Scott Donnelly: Okay. 
Operator: And next we have a question from Noel Poponac, Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Noel Poponac  Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning. 
Lewis Campbell: Hello.
Noel Poponac  Goldman Sachs: You talked about the CP being available but more difficult on some days. Can you give us kind of what the actual cost is on average and comment on whether not the recent rating agency downgrades have impacted your excess at all. 
Ted French: Ill start with the first, we have average 4.5% but thats very, we had got very expensive late December, we came back after the 1st of January, the cost plunged quite a bit and then I would say that as our ratings kind of reset here over the last few weeks, that have had some impact both on cost and quantity in the short-terms hopefully thats all settling back down now and we will have better position going forward. 
Lewis Campbell: And values by maturities, the overnight obviously is less expensively and thats like in the 3.5% range and stuff that we are getting out in the March is more little bit over a 5.5% range. 
Noel Poponac  Goldman Sachs: That makes sense. Quick follow-up the Textron Systems guidance, it looks like it implies that the margin percentage is down about 100 basis points year-over-year even though your volume is increasing in the upper single digits. Can you just walk us through the puts and takes on that? 
Ted French: I think the big driver there is kind of a problem of great performance. During the course of 2008 we consistently over performed on a lot of our government contracts and continued to pick up big games on contract close outs and obviously as you see your actual performance and we negotiate new contracts which happens on pretty much on annual basis, with a lot of these businesses; you got to recent your margins back down into the more acceptable level for our customers. So, we really outperformed in '08 we expect to have good solid performance at traditional margins in '09 but just not repeating the over performance we had in '08. 
Lewis Campbell: Yes, one comment I would add there just quickly is that systems for, say a decade has been probably our most aggressive in employing lean tactics and just creating a improvement mentality and improvement mentality for the entire workforce, right from the engineers to the factory floor. And we have historically quoted fixed price contracts which can be risky in our case they have never been. And then we have historically found ways to beat those prices over the contract periods. So, you actually incur more profits than you estimated and thats what they have talked about, so I would expect that what you are looking at going forward to be conservative not aggressive 
Noel Poponac  Goldman Sachs:   Okay. Thanks a lot.
Lewis Campbell:   Yes.
Operator:  And next we have a question from David Strauss with UBS. Please go ahead. 
David Strauss  UBS:  Good morning. Thank you.
Lewis Campbell:   Hi, David. 
David Strauss  UBS: The 375 delivered that you are forecasting for assessment, can you just give us an idea of coverage or you completely sold out on those given the deferrals, or do you still have it's tough to take some more it's actually hit that kind of number?
Scott Donnelly:   Right now where we are is little over 80% sold out. 
David Strauss  UBS: 80%.
Scott Donnelly:   80%, little above 80%.
David Strauss  UBS: And then the deferrals that you are seeing is it your customers moving out six months a year or they moving out beyond that kind of period pushing deliveries out of couple of years?
Scott Donnelly:   It varies a quite a bit, but I mean suffice obviously most of the folks that are '09, we are talking about deferrals that one we pushed '10 and they are looking at the economy, trying to understand where they will be. So I think that's sort of fluid when you look at deferral you negotiate with customers and we will continue to work with them and until they want commit from date. 
David Strauss  UBS: Okay. And the interest expense forecast for the year, $180 million can you be maybe give us some color on what exactly is baked into that? 
Ted French:   We are assuming and that number that we will term out a sale, one of our strategies for taking the CP balance down so we have less reliance on that market will be to term out that and we have assumed that we will term it out at some fairly high prices. It maybe a conservative number but we wanted to have covered what might happen. 
David Strauss  UBS: Okay. Thanks guys. 
Operator:  And next we have question from Steve Tusa with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan:  Hi, good morning.
Lewis Campbell:   Hi, Steve. 
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: I have a quick question for you. Couple of weeks ago GE, Tyco couple of others took advantage of the small window in the bond market. Were you guys around for that, will you exploring doing a deal with that stage of the game, can you talk about whether you explored doing something in the market at that stage of the game? And I am also just curious everybody kind of beat up on GE when they look at their finance business and in August they did an equity offering and it's seems like they been actually ahead of the curve relative to you guys as far as taking down their exposure in financial service and I havent seen any management changes here. So, I am just curious as to why we are continually, strategically behind the curve here, whether this is the function of you know what unprecedented environment, if you just comment on both of those items I appreciate it. Thank you.
Lewis Campbell:   I dont think we are behind the curve, I think we had a strategy to continue to refine and focus this business when the world was going through a more normal looking recession, but when we went into the September, October timeframe and had Lehman Brothers and other things happened it become apparent at that point in time that whole model or wholesale borrowing or kind of business was broken.  And we pretty quickly made a decision that we need to take more aggressive action to do that and obviously we have been working that for lot of that quarter and so we came public with it on the 22nd of December. So, I dont think we are behind the curve. Obviously, if we knew what we know today we would have starting doing this a long time ago. As to the capital markets I think you can safely assume that we are valuating a whole range of and have designed a whole range of possible directions that we have taken and when we think the markets are amenable to doing so we are ready to strike on moment to notice. 
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: Thanks. 
Operator:  And next we have a question from Matt Vitoriosa (ph) from Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
[Matt Vitoriosa]  Barclays Capital: Good morning. I want to just get a little more clarity on liquidity for Textron Inc. specifically. And then more specifically looking at Q1, so if we take into account that the way you are talking about Q1 being probably the toughest quarter, on the Cessna side. So, I would think there is going to be some build up of inventory there which quickly to our cash outflow or free cash flow negative for Q1. So, if we think about the possibility of free cash flow negative for Q1 versus, having new contributive cash to Textron Finance, just could you lay out what your liquidity at Textron Inc is, which would tell us what your ability in Q1 to support Textron Finance?
Lewis Campbell:  Yes. First of all, supporting Textron Finance largely happened in Q4, with the capital contribution to be made there. We will start during the course of '09, bringing some net balance back. We will have to make small capital contribution at the end of each quarter, but we will also be taking dividends back out of TFC as we liquidate the portfolio. So, it's our expectation that we will have a net flow back to Textron in '09. It will all depend on how well we execute the liquidation but based on our rundown $2.6 billion somewhere north of $50 million of net should back up to Textron if we are able to execute on any asset sales which we are working hard on during the course of the year. That number could be bigger. So, we dont expect a further slowdown. In fact with the 625 that went down, TFC's leverage are down to just over five to one. So, there is a lot of room to bring some of that money back up. We do have, always, first quarter is a challenging quarter, but incorporating all of our business plans for the operation to business, obviously, we are shutting up inventory flowing into the house on the manufacturing side as best we can. We think, we can still operate in Q1, our CP balances under the $2 billion, $2.1 billion kind of range. So, we are all comfortable with our credit lines.
[Matt Vitoriosa]  Barclays Capital:  What's today if you look at the credit line at Textron Inc.? It's, I think, the $1.25 billion credit line. What's the availability considering the CP balances and other borrowers?
Ted French:  I think the piece of CP outstanding at Textron is 7 something. I dont know the exact number today. 700 or 800, somewhere in that range.
[Matt Vitoriosa]  Barclays Capital:  Okay. Alright. Thank you guys.
Lewis Campbell:  And again, though, just to make follow-up on that point, the entire $3 billion of our credit lines are available to TFC. There is a sub limit for Textron.
[Matt Vitoriosa]  Barclays Capital: Okay, thanks. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). And at this time we have a question from Steve Searl, Conning Asset Management. Please go ahead.
Steve Searl  Conning Asset Management:  Yes, can you just tell us what was TFCs total debt at the end of the year?
Ted French:  About 7 billion.
Steve Searl  Conning Asset Management: And can you just talk about the pension plan, what impact that had on new shareholders equity and maybe funding needs for this year?
Ted French:  The pension plan is most of pretty good last year. We did better than many but were down 20% or so. Actually the hit to equity is about $800 million, little under $800 million. EPS wise and yes I know others will be interested in that, I think we have a headwind of somewhere around $0.04 to $0.05 a share or higher pension cost in 2009 versus 2008.  And we have fairly minimal funding requirements in '09. We have our normal ongoing. We have a little bit of a DC plan that we pay cash into, we have some foreign plans that we put 15 million to 20 million of cash a year-end thats normal an ongoing. The Master Trust which is where the largest portion of pension assets are and where the decline occurred will put less than $10 million in '09. Depending on how the stock market performance in '09 we could have requirements to put significantly more cash into those plans by the September 2010 timeframe. 
Steve Searl  Conning Asset Management: Thank you.
Operator: And next we have a question from Mike Meek, Atlantic Investments. Please go ahead. 
Mike Meek  Atlantic Investments: Hi, just want to make sure I understand your guidance at Cessna assumption. 
Lewis Campbell:  Say that again, I am sorry, you broke-up.
Mike Meek  Atlantic Investments: Yeah sorry, I just ant to make sure I understand your guys Cessna assumptions. You have got 80% of the projected deliveries in hand, so the assumption is, you will be able to move customers who are further out in the backlog up to take those slots.  
Lewis Campbell: Yeah there will be a combination, so if you look at the number of aircraft that are unsold in terms of '09 delivery slot, some of those quite possibly will come from customers that are in at later delivery dates and fair number right now or potentially new customers. 
Mike Meek  Atlantic Investments: Okay, great.
Ted French:  Were looking about 30 moves up from 2010 and we actually have a pretty good order forecast for 2009. 
Lewis Campbell: But Mike, clearly thats a risk in our plan which is why we have such a wide range of guidance, but we have gone through this with our sales force and based on what they see out there in the marketplace and we can't say that churn in the backlog that we have, that they feel we should be confident that they can fill those space, is something that we are going to have to track very closely and react to as we go through the year.
Mike Meek  Atlantic Investments: Great, thank you. 
Operator: And next we have a follow-up from Davis Straus, UBS please go ahead.
David Strauss  UBS:  Just to clarify that 2.6 billion decline in receivables that you are talking about this year. Is that just all run off or is that any sales in there.
Ted French:   The 2.6 has a little under 200 of sales that are kind of right in our scope. But the vast majority of that is, yes all just run off. 
David Strauss  UBS: Okay thanks.
Operator:  And next we have a follow-up from Noel Poponac, Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noel Poponac  Goldman Sachs: Hi yes, when you talk about keeping your eye on the term market. Do you think you are more likely to issue out of the parent or the FINCO?
Scott Donnelly :   More likely to issue out of the parent.  
Lewis Campbell:   Yeah, it's part of the stagger parent first and then possible follow the BFC.
Noel Poponac  Goldman Sachs: Okay and then you also mentioned looking at further asset sales outside of the FINCO. Can you talk about maybe what some of the assets you are looking at as candidates are?
Lewis Campbell:   No. We never do that and we always get that question in some form or the other. And its just I know you would love to have an answer. And obviously we did make a statement, that said we have, we are setting that and pursuing that. But we dont really announce things until they are done. 
Scott Donnelly :   It's not in anybodys interest to do that so, you can appreciate that.
Lewis Campbell:   Clearly we are, we have every option on the table and we are looking at a number of assets, on the manufacturing side of the house as well.
Noel Poponac  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Fair enough, thanks a lot.
Lewis Campbell:   Yeah.
Operator:  And next we have a question from Brian Jacoby, Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Nick Riley  Goldman Sachs :  Hi guys, this is actually Nick Riley for Brian. Just a technical question. You mentioned earlier you had about 200 million drawn on your revolvers, I was just wondering where that 200 million was drawn from, is it Textron Fin or Inc.
Scott Donnelly:   Yeah it at the financial company.
Nick Riley  Goldman Sachs : Thank you.
Doug Wilburne:   Alright Glenn, if we have no other calls we will conclude todays call. And thank everybody very much for joining us.
Lewis Campbell:   Thank you for joining us. Have a good day.
Operator:  And Ladies and gentlemen this conference will be available for replay after 11 am today through midnight April 28, 2009. You may access the AT&T Teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 320-365-3844 and entering the access code 896349. That number again is 320-365-3844, access code 896349. And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-16 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas R. Wilburne - VP of IR Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and CEO Ted R. French - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Ronald J. Epstein - Merrill Lynch Heidi R. Wood - Morgan Stanley & Co. David E. Strauss - UBS Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co., LLC Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup Robert Stallard - Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc Richard T. Safran - Goldman Sachs & Co. Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by and welcome to the Textron Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder this conference is being recorded. And the recording will be available as of 11:00 AM today until January the 28th at midnight. And you may access the AT&T playback service by dialing 1-320-365-3844 with the access code of 896298. Again the number is area code 320-365-3844 and the access code of 896298. I will like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Doug Wilburne, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thanks Alex, and good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Lewis Campbell, Textron's Chief Executive Officer; and Ted French, Textron's Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to mention our discussion today will include remarks about future estimates and expectations. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors which are detailed in our annual SEC fillings and also in today's press release. Finally, you can also find a slide deck containing key data items from today's call in the Investor Relations section of your website. And we will be specifically referring to a couple of these charts today during our discussion. So moving to our results, revenues in the quarter were $3.5 billion up 13.6% from a year ago. Earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.85 per share compared to our guidance of $0.76 to $0.86 adjusted for the move of Fluid & Power to discontinued operations. By the way operations at Fluid & Power generated about $0.05 of EPS on the disc ops line which is not visible due to other offsetting items. Slide 4, in the key data schedule shows the major elements that are contained on the discontinued operations line. Free cash flow through the first nine months was $344 million compared to $442 million in 2007. Finally, we retired 8.1 million shares in the quarter at a cost of $342 million. With that I'll turn the call over to Lewis.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Doug and good morning, everyone. These are unprecedented times in the U.S. financial markets and around the world. As a result, we are taking immediate actions in three areas; a downsizing of TFC, measures related to our funding needs, and steps to accelerate cost productivity across the enterprise. I'll start with TFC. First, we'll be exiting our asset based lending and structured capital segments plus several additional product lines through an orderly liquidation over the next two to three years as market conditions allow. These assets represent about $2 billion amounts receivable within TFC, $11.4 billion portfolio and we estimate that these assets can be reduced by about $500 million by the end of 2009. Second, we are limiting new overall originations in our distribution finance, golf and resort portfolios consistent with maintaining franchise value and our commitment to serving existing credit worthy customers. They should contribute another $1 billion in asset reductions next year. They can... then these two actions should result in over 10% reduction in managed receivables in 2009. As a result of our decision to downsize we expect to write-off if not all most of the goodwill of TFC. As well as take a restructuring charge of headcount reductions and consolidations in the fourth quarter. Going forward we will continue to carefully evaluate the appropriate range of lending activities in light of the strategic fit and continuing developments in the capital markets and all in a matter that maximizes value of the shareholders and in the current or future financial market scenarios. We are talking about TFC let me comment a bit on credit performance. Credit stats continued to soften in the third quarter particularly in September. Given the historic events in the past several weeks it's apparent that we're likely to experience some more difficult credit environment in this cycle. However, we believe our credit losses in this tougher setting will be manageable and Ted will share much more of those details in just a minute. Now let me address capital funding, first let me assure you that throughout these recent volatile times we have maintained daily access to funding from the commercial paper market as well as other sources. However, given the possibility of continued volatility, we are taking additional steps to provide predictability in our funding outlook. Our first action, actually taken in September was to suspend all share buyback activity which will remain in place until after financial markets stabilize. The suspension includes the remainder of the repurchase we announced in July as well as repurchases we had planned with the proceeds from our pending sale of Fluid & Power which incidentally is scheduled to close in November. With respect to our commercial paper program it's important to note that it is fully supported by $3 billion in credit and committed credit lines within... and they are well within the excess of our current outstanding. So we have plenty of credit line back up for our CP. These commitments extend to 2012. The point of reference, we stress tested our plan under the unlikely scenario that; one, CP markets close and remain closed for A2/P2 issuers over the next 12 months and term capital markets are closed as well. Under this circumstance we believe we have sufficient capacity under the bank lines to cover all term maturities for the next 12 months. Now we surely don't predict this outcome but preparing this is extremely valuable in these volatile markets. Nonetheless, to provide additional reliability we're exploring a number of other options to reduce our use of commercial paper. Moving now to our accelerated cost improvement plan, in addition to restructuring at TFC actions to reduce overhead and improve operating efficiencies are under way across the enterprise primarily at our industrial segment. We expect a total cost of restructuring activities including those of TFC will be approximately $25 million and we estimate they will yield approximately $40 million in annualized savings. At industrial the impact of the economic environment including our difficulty in getting price recovery of commodity cost was apparent in the third quarter segment results. Now we've been actively modifying customer pricing agreements at Caltex to better insulate ourselves from commodities inflation risk going forward, and we expect to see benefits from these protections next year. In the mean time, demand of the segment remained pretty good in the quarter, with overall organic growth of about 6%. This reflected strong non-NAFTA growth of Caltex and strong double-digit growth at E-Z-GO and Jacobsen. However, with further deterioration in world economies, there was a fall off in demand in September in the segment. And we expect slowing will continue from here especially at Greenlee, which has begun to see a significantly slower commercial construction environment. Now moving to our aircraft and defense businesses, the defense industry is relatively less affected by general economic trends. So the government lines of business at defense and intelligence at Bell helicopter provided more predictable growth outlook. For example, we received a $242 million in funding from the army for 17 Shadow systems and $313 million for 434 armor security vehicles. These orders fill our production plans for both products well into 2010. And we're operating at very high levels with these programs in terms of delivery, schedule, quality and cost, good for both our customers and our shareholders. We continue to develop new products here that will be valuable to our U.S. and allied customers. For example, we recently demonstrated new technologies for command and control of unmanned vehicles compliant with NATO standards which will allow interoperability among allied assets. At Bell, we received good news on the H1 program during the quarter. After utility version was approved for full rate production and the attack model was extended for limited production pending next year's operating review. As a result, we recently signed a LOT-5 contract for the H1 for 11 utility and 5 attack units to be delivered in 2010 and 2011. The V22 program continuous to perform well and six of the 13 units delivered so far this year were delivered early. Finally, on the ARH we've been working closely with the army and defense department. We're working hard to bring the current view and to be a successful conclusion and we expect a decision soon. Moving to the commercial side of the Bell global demand is currently well on excess of industry capacity. To that point year-to-date we've received 235 new orders including 64, for our new 429 model. With strong demand from both commercial and military markets, we continue to make steady progress with expanding overall capacity. This is not yet reflecting in our current revenues as much of this activity is readying for the significant ramp up of our three major military programs as well as our commercial output. Staying with... aircraft and turning to Cessna. They posted another outstanding quarter delivering 124 jets an all time quarterly high, as we continue to ramp toward our annual target rate next year, of about 535 jets. In the aftermarket arena, our investment in service centers continue to pay dividends in the quarter, as parts and service revenues and profits were up 9%. Our first four XLS plus models rollout the production line, and are now in final preparations for our initial deliveries this quarter. We also made good progress with development on our new CJ4 during the quarter, as we accumulated 114 flight hours on our prototype article. The CJ4 will enter into service in 2010. Finally, we reached an important market milestone in the quarter as we surpassed 1000 citations operating in Europe, underscoring the global nature of demand that has emerged over the past five plus years. So lots of accomplishments and success in the quarter for a world-class company. Now I understand many of you attended NBAA last week where you heard how recent economic developments might impact the business and industry. Market indicators such as used aircraft sales and jet utilization weakened appreciably during the quarter especially in September. In this environment we actually booked 47 jet orders last quarter which was less than what we anticipated. So the order downturn has arrived more quickly than what we were expecting at the events of the past several weeks have put a big chill on the market. The last down cycle which began in 2001 provided us with critical experience in managing in a down environment. We're fortunate this time to have bad experience but more importantly to have a very large and robust backlog of over 1,500 jets which includes many customers who are interested in taking deliveries earlier if they can to develop a very specific and dynamic plan to maintain delivery continuity. Our Cessna team is contacting customers in the order book now, so we can be prepared early in this cycle in the case we need to move up deliveries. So we remain comfortable with next year's production plan at this point but beyond that frankly we are taking a wait and see attitude with respect to how demand develops from here. On the other hand with our backlog, we don't need a lot of net orders to sustain our production in 2010 and 2011. Beyond that we continue to have a faith on a healthy long-term systemic global demand and we have a very robust new product pipeline over the next 10 years as well. In the meantime, we are carefully monitoring the situation and will make sensible adjustments at appropriate time if necessary. To wrap up, the credit and financial markets have changed precipitously and as a result we are taking strong measures as we have outlined this morning to address specific challenges and prepare for a slower economy ahead. You can be sure that we're committed to implement these actions as expeditiously [ph] as possible as well as take future steps necessary to navigate these most challenging times. With that I will turn it over to Ted.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Lewis, good morning everyone. Today, I want to start with a discussion of the factors that pressured TFC in the quarter relative to our guidance. We generated operating profits at TFC of $18 million which was $12 million less than our forecast of about $30 million. The three primary drivers were as follows. First, coming into the quarter spreads between prime and LIBOR rates were already abnormally compressed. As we now know those spreads continue to narrow in fact they're virtually non-existent as we speak. That led to a $5 million impairment related to our distribution finance securitization facility. Second, even though we were projecting abnormally high borrowing rates, they went up even further and that cost us about $2 million. And third, as the consumer economy deteriorated, our loan loss provision cost about $5 million more than what we had planned for the quarter. Now let's talk about TFC results going forward. Looking at the fourth quarter, we're assuming the credit performance continues to weaken as well as a continuation of the current dislocation in the relationship among prime, LIBOR and Fed fund rates. On this basis, we're projecting a range of possible outcomes from a pre-tax profit of $5 million to a loss of $20 million, depending on how these two major factors play out. This may seem like a wide range for TFC, but in the current environment forecasting accurately has become much more difficult. Looking forward to 2009, the goodwill charge and operating results in the fourth quarter will likely result in a capital contribution to TFC between a $170 million and $200 million in the first quarter of next year to maintain certain requirements specified under our committed credit facilities and support agreement. With that let's continue with our forecast and discussion by examining the factors that are going to affect 2009 at TFC. To facilitate this discussion I'd ask you to please refer to slide12 in our key data schedules that we have put up on the website. This schedule summarizes a few very important points that address the resiliency of asset values in most of our portfolio. Historically, TFC has experienced low charge offs relative to delinquency rates because of high recoveries on defaulted loans. For example, in our distribution finance portfolio recoveries have been high because we have three avenues for recovery. The underlying hard collateral to finished goods inventory, the guarantees of the dealers and the repurchase agreements with manufacturers. In the case of aviation finance we've had extraordinary control over recoveries because of our intimate presence in the aviation markets. More over the aviation portfolio currently has a loan-to-value ratio of about 70%. So there is significant collateral cushion from which to recover. In our golf portfolio high recoveries reflect the significant level of owner equity in the assets typically 25% of our assessed value as well as deep pocket owners plus the intrinsic value in the underlying real estate in the event of a default. Finally, our resort portfolio has shown steady performance through every cycle over the past 20 years. For the largest portion of this business we have three layers of loss protection. Excess collateral related no approval excess spread and the advance rate being limited to 90% of pool value developer repurchase obligations and finally the underlying real estate itself. With that as background, please take a look at slide 13. We are rolling out two possible 2009 scenarios which range from TFC breaking even to a loss of $125 million. Neither of these scenarios represents our forecast for next year per se, rather we are presenting this analysis to you as a way to understand how different economic scenarios might impact TFC performance next year. Those scenarios reflect our downsizing plan. The breakeven scenario assumes that the charge-off rate goes to 1.5% compared to the current year-to-date rate of 0.81% and our previous peak of 1.25% reached during the 2001 to 2003 period. At these levels reserves would in next year at 2.25%, compared to our current level of about 1.6% and the last peak of 1.77%. Looking at the financing side, the breakeven scenario assumes the current prime LIBOR spread improves from where it is now to the August levels of about 250 basis points, but still higher than the normal level which has historically been a very consistent 285 basis points. And this scenario also reflects the borrowing spread over LIBOR returning to about a 100 basis points compared to the current average of about 250, but still much higher than our historic norm. Now, moving to the right side of the chart, you can examine for yourself the assumptions there under the loss scenario and how they compare. We believe, these scenarios are reasonable possibilities, but given the tremendous uncertainty in the economy and financing markets, we're going to be monitoring developments very, very carefully and continuing to react as appropriate. With that I want to move now to our normal analysis of what drove our third quarter results on a year-over-year basis. Earnings per share from continuing ops were down $0.03 from a year ago. Volume and mix provided a positive $0.10. Higher pricing of roughly 3.3% added $0.27 a share while inflation of about 3.2% cost us $0.22. Performance contributed a positive $0.03, acquisitions a positive $0.02 and miscellaneous items about $0.04. Head-wins from engineering, research, development and depreciation cost $0.08 and Textron Financial was lower by a dime. There were two one-time items that benefited last year's third quarter by $0.09. The first was $0.04 from a recovery in the ARH program and a second $0.05 related to an insurance settlement. So let's move now to our segment discussion and I'll start with Cessna. Revenues at Cessna increased a $150 million due to higher volume and pricing and the benefit from last year's acquisition. The higher volume reflects increased jet and caravan deliveries, partially offset by lower used aircraft sales. We delivered 124 jets in the third quarter and that compared to a 103 last year. Cessna segment profit increased $16 million due to the impact from higher volume and pricing in excess of inflation. These were partially offset by higher engineering and product development expense, higher overhead cost and a modest used jet valuation adjustment. Cessna backlog at the end of the third quarter was $15.6 billion, up $3 billion from the end of last year reflecting 484 Citation Jet orders taken year-to-date but down about $400 million sequentially from the prior quarter. Bell segment revenues increased $52 million in the third quarter and segment profits were up $5 million. Revenues and segment profits in the government business were down $44 million and $11 million respectively and that decrease in revenues is due to lower V22 volume partially offset by higher H1 program revenue and higher spares and service volume. Segment profit decreased due to the non-recurrence of the 2007 ARH cost recovery and the lower volume. Revenues and segment profit in the commercial business were up $96 million and $16 million respectively. The increase in revenues is due to higher helicopter volume, higher pricing and revenues from newly acquired businesses. The increase in segment profit reflects the higher volume and sale and favorable sales mix and higher pricing in excess of inflation partially offset by some unfavorable cost performance. Bell's backlog ended the quarter at $5.3 billion up a $1.5 billion from the end of last year. Defense and intelligence segment revenues were up $177 million in the third quarter primarily due to the acquisition of AAI partially offset by lower volumes. Segment profit increased $31 million, reflecting the AAI acquisition and favorable cost performance largely related to the ASV program. Third quarter ending backlog D&I was $2.6 billion compared to $2.4 million at the beginning of the year. Revenues in our industrial segment increased $74 million due to higher volume, favorable foreign exchange and the beneficial impact of an acquisition and some higher pricing. Segment profits were down $17 million due to inflation in excess of pricing and unfavorable sales mix, partially offset by improved cost performance. For Textron Financial, revenues were down $30 million due to lower market interest rates, partially offset by the benefits of higher volume and interest rate floors. Segment profit was down $36 million due to an increase in the provision for loan losses and higher borrowing cost partially offset by the benefit of interest rate floors. The increase in the provision for loan losses was primarily attributable to the distribution finance portfolio as general U.S. economic conditions have continued to impact borrowers. The increased borrowing cost are driven by a widening in the spread between LIBOR and the target Fed funds rate and to a lesser extent from increased borrowing spreads on issuances of debt in comparison with '07. However, these increases were substantially offset by increased receivable pricing as a result of the floors. With respect to credit quality the 60 day plus delinquency percentage increased to 1.06% of finance receivables from 0.61% at the end of the second quarter. Our non-performing assets of 2.67% was up from the second quarter level of 2.31%. Corporate expenses of $38 million was lower than expected primarily due to lower stock-based compensation expense which had no material impact on EPS due to the offset in the tax line related to our hedges. Correspondingly, the higher tax rate had no material impact on EPS relative to guidance as the higher rate reflects the non-taxability of hedge losses. Excluding the hedge impact, our effective tax rate in the quarter was 33%. Now for our fourth quarter earnings outlook. Earnings from continuing operations and before restructuring and goodwill impairment charges are expected to be between $0.80 and $0.90 a share. Our projected free cash flow provided by continuing operations forecast remains at $700 million to $750 million. To summarize, while we're disappointed that we've had to moderate our expectations, we're taking all necessary steps to maximize performance in this environment. Doug will provide modeling information now for our fourth quarter.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you, Ted. At Cessna, we're expecting fourth quarter revenue to be approximately $1.7 billion with margins of about 16.5%. This reflects about a 140 jet deliveries for the quarter and relatively low used aircraft revenues. At Bell, we expect fourth quarter revenue of around $750 million with margins close to 8% reflecting an unfavorable mix of commercial deliveries. At D&I we're expecting revenues to be about $525 million with margins of about 12.5%. Industrial revenue is expected to be approximately $700 million with low single-digit margins and Ted has already covered finance, so that concludes our prepared remarks. As we move to open up the lines we ask that participants, please limit themselves to one question with an optional follow-up. So Alex we're now ready to open the lines. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you, sir. And the first question comes from the line of Ronald Epstein with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ronald J. Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Hello.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Ronald J. Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning guys, how are you?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Ron, good.
Ronald J. Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Good. So when you guys were scrubbing the backlog at Cessna, I mean have you seen any evidence that of any customers wanting to push out, wanting to differ and how're you going through that process?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well Ron, it's Lewis. One of the unusual things about this environment ramp is we just haven't seen too much of that yet. Cancellations are not even know where are they... we've had a few customers who come and ask for different financing in terms of the fourth quarter. But basically we just haven't seen much movement as you might have expected by your questions. So things are pretty steady at the moment.
Ronald J. Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just one follow on to that I mean what impact do you think that what's going on in the capital markets will have on the financing of business jet?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's a little early to tell Ron. We've had a few customers really in the month of September during this kind of high turmoil period of time, come to us and say their financing is falling through. But I mean it's less than a handful and I have asked if, we would look at their credit from a TFC standpoint to step in from whatever finance that they had previously arranged typically with a local bank or regional bank. But too early to tell, I mean very clearly if things continued to be as tight as they are, we may see more customers come in and look for alternate financing. And if they're credit worthy, we're happy to stand in and do that.
Ronald J. Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you, guy.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: Next question comes from Heidi Wood, Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Heidi R. Wood - Morgan Stanley & Co.: Hi. I'm going to take Ron's question and ask it a little bit differently. But Lewis, you've acknowledged seeing the softness in the used business jet market and it's probable that we'll see within the next three months to five months a possible risk of a decline in pricing on used. And so customers are increasingly going to be confronted with being able to see getting used plans earlier and cheaper than some of the new planes that they have placed orders for and presumably they have wait for. So give us a little bit of color about your '09 delivery assumptions on... and how many of these slots in 2009 or at risk of deferral. They may not cancel but they may ask to push out?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, like as I said in the earlier response to Ron, we are not seeing any number that I can even put my finger on I mean let's presume I am not even aware of anybody asking to push back and we review our numbers with Jack Pelton and his gang all the time. So, specifically on '09 we have not seen much... any push back of any consequence.
Heidi R. Wood - Morgan Stanley & Co.: So, Lewis you think you should wait to see it, or do you think you should anticipate it and maybe enhance the scarcity value of your new planes in anticipation of what's going to happen because your customers are still used to seeing their planes at a profit when they have gone in to see what they were marketed at, so they thought that a profit put over the next couple of months. They may start to see that those prices are coming down and that may cause them to feel differently.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I can't really argue with the logic of your point so, please don't take my answer in the wrong way here, but let me put some statistics out there. First of all we're not seeing a dramatic reduction in used prices. They used market for Cessna is available for sale is a little bit of ahead of 13%. The average used availability over a long period of time has averaged between eight plus percent and 19 plus percent. And coincidently, the average over... let's say the last 10 years probably is close to 13%, I think it's 12.9%. So far we haven't seen a rapid deterioration in used. And then next point about 70% of all used aircraft are no longer in production. So that does bode well for staying in newer aircraft that are more fuel efficient and have more features which I think is a plus. The other point I would make relative to Cessna is and we have talked about this before but I want to make a point that one of Cessna's strength is we continue to upgrade our products in fairly rapid succession year-after-year-after-year. I looked at the chart this morning, there is only one model for sale right now that has not been refreshed or launched since 1996 that was a Citation 10 came out at '96. Everything else is 2004 or younger. And over the next two, three, four, five, six... eight and half... nine years we will be upgrading at least one product every single year. So therefore, I believe that Cessna unlike others has a very high probability of maintaining our volume levels because we have new products for sale and of course those are things that attract our customers.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think maybe one follow on Heidi relative to being proactive the Cessna team is out proactively talking to everyone in the order book for '09 deliveries right now to try to get a sense as early as possible. If anyone is going to come forward and ask us to push something out because we do have other customers who are continually expressing an interest and being pulled forward and the challenge of course is getting those to all balance out requires some advance planning. So the sales teams at Cessna is out right now doing just that trying to understand if they have someone that might slip so that they can work earlier rather than later on trying to pull someone forward for that aircraft.
Heidi R. Wood - Morgan Stanley & Co.: All right great thanks very much. Just one quick follow-up though I didn't get the impression again from your answer to Ron's question, so again give me clarity if you can about do you have specific insight into the financing requirements per customer so that you know what's they are fine for the 2009 plan?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We're out inquiring right now, we've had people come to us but many of our customers financed with a variety of other sources particularly our domestic customers who've historically had lots of other bank alternatives. But we are out talking to them right now to try to understand if they may have issues.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Because, when someone places an order we not only we have to put down a non-refundable deposit, but also we require an understanding of where they're going to get their financing. And knowing that then that database is really valuable as we can then look across the entire spectrum of customers, and then have some understanding which customers might have the most difficulty. We also know their net worth et cetera. So, we have pretty good understanding about this.
Heidi R. Wood - Morgan Stanley & Co.: Great. Thanks very much, gentlemen.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of David Strauss with UBS. Please go ahead.
David E. Strauss - UBS: Good morning, thanks.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
David E. Strauss - UBS: The draw down the downsizing of TFC that you're talking about happening through 2009. What are you assuming there for kind of just the natural run-off the receipt of receivables versus actually selling part of the portfolio?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, most of it is, in fact all of it is predicated upon a run-off scenario, although once this is out there publicly our experience the last time that we took a piece of TFC out, was that people will come forward they're interested in potentially buying some pieces. But right now, it is a natural run-off driven contract termination driven. So it's actually interesting the pieces that we are exiting, will actually run-off a little bit slower the areas that we are slowing down will actually make the largest contribution to '09's reduction where as businesses like ABL will actually take a little bit longer than that start to run down.
David E. Strauss - UBS: Okay. And Ted could you give a little more color around the idea that commercial paper market completely closes up that you'll be able to cover all your maturities. What are you assuming there for kind of the underlying portfolio quality going forward in that... under that scenario?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well we're really looking at all of our existing CP requirements and our term debt maturity profile, as it runs out over the next number of quarters. And we have a whole range of both public and private sources to replace all of that term debt as it rolls off. Number one of which is the free cash flow that our business generates, over that period of time that we'll first and foremost go to ensure liquidity. Obviously, the next most attractive is our program of de-assetting both TFC and then also asset sale such as Fluid & Power. We've a variety of securitization of vehicles that are in place today and we're working on extending. We've in the very recent days, been able to establish some bio-lateral term loans with various counterparties. And then obviously, we're looking at as market conditions permit other term debt replacements. So essentially, looking to term out and reduce the exposure on the CP side. And it might be a nuance, it wasn't quiet obvious but lot of the assets that we're downsizing at TFC are specifically those assets which are short funded assets such as the ABL and parts of the distribution finance business. We have far less challenge with our businesses like aviation finance which are long funded assets.
David E. Strauss - UBS: Okay. And one quick last one your commercial paper balance outstanding as of the end of the third quarter?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Combine Textron and TFC is just over $2 billion with about maybe it's a bit lower than that today but and with back stocks of $3 billion.
David E. Strauss - UBS: Okay great. Thanks.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We are well back stocked.
David E. Strauss - UBS: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co., LLC: Yes, thank you and thank you for providing some of the detail in terms of your loan-to-asset ratio is very helpful.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Cai.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co., LLC: Ted can you tell us kind of what is the expected run-off versus... natural run-off of receivables or what can you get at TFC in the fourth quarter near term and what are your near term refinancing requirements and also I think at June you had about $2.6 billion of securitizations. When do you kind of those securitizations run-off in terms of creating additional obligations for you?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think the first one of those securitizations that we have to re-up is sometime next May, is in next May so we got a better time on that. We do have some term debt maturing about $460 million between TFC and Textron, the largest piece of that is at Textron not at TFC.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co., LLC: That's in the fourth quarter?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In Q4 yes.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co., LLC: Okay.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: They are not very much in Q1 and then it builds up across the course of the year. So we the BS setting is going to start picking up more aggressively probably early in the first quarter. We have to do this very carefully, we will notify people of our intention in areas where we're leaving. Obviously, it's easy when you are not picking up new business remember a lot of this business that we're tightening down on has been growing like gangbusters. So we're not only going to grow, we're going to turn around and go the other way, so that will create a lot of relief. But in a number of areas it's very important that we don't go too fast and create a liquidity problem for our customers. We need to create an ability for our customers to move to other sources and create funding continuity for them. So we've developed a pretty aggressive plan, but we're going to implement it very, very carefully to ensure that we don't create problems for ourselves on the credit side as we go to take these asset levels down.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co., LLC: Okay. Just a quick follow-up. You said that kind of start in the first quarter, but I think your asset to TFC were up about a $125 million in the quarter. Do you expect them to come down to kind of provide some help in meeting those near term debt maturities? And could you follow-up, you said some people may come forward to express interest, what's the chance of maybe kind of selling off at a discount some of those businesses you might exit?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. First of all, most of the run-off you have seen just recently is seasonal growth in the distributional... in the distribution finance business. Our actions to start taking assets out have... are already a month plus old. So I'd say it starts in force in the first quarter, but we're already taking steps to stop filling the bad tub up if you will. But the drainage gets a little more aggressive as we get into Q1, Q2 timeframe. So we're going at that I think in a very measured paced and intelligent way that says, let's take the pressure off as quickly as we can. But let's be smart about it and not create problems on the credit side by rushing too fast in it. And I think, our plans are still evolving, obviously the last month has been quite a lot of changing environment and we've had to react to that changing environment. But I think we have a good plan in place and we're looking for more alternatives. I suspect that we may have assets that are attractive to people in here or there among the portfolio. And it's really hard to predict but I wouldn't be surprised if we're able to sell a piece here or there. That's what happened last time as you know--
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Right.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We announced we're going to get out and all of a sudden people started knocking on our doors. The environment is a little tougher right now so they may not be as many.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co., LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Nicole Parent with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good morning.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Nicole.
Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Ted, I guess could give us some color on the funding requirements at TFC, they are required apparent to make the capital contribution in the first quarter and how we're going to expect that to play out?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Nicole, there is a fixed charge coverage requirement at TFC, that requires us to maintain under our support agreement a fixed charge coverage ratio at TFC and the way it works there is a cure, which says if we ever go below a certain level we have one quarter to make a contribution to restore that fixed charge coverage ratio and the charge for the goodwill write-off during the quarter, the fourth quarter and some restructuring charges we expect to take during the fourth quarter, will require us to make the payment in the first quarter under that support agreement. In order to maintain... restore that fixed charge coverage.
Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay can you tell us what that surge level is?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Pardon me.
Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Can you tell us what that surge level is?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Its 1.25.
Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: 1.25 times coverage.
Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And Nicole that doesn't really affect our cash flow, it just moves money from one entity to the other.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, the net effect of that is no incremental debt required essentially we'll move some CP from TFC to Textron going under this covered ratio is not an event of default. Under our agreements we just have to make this make up payment and effectively we'll end up moving a little CP from TFC back up to Textron which frankly isn't all that bad an outcome in the current environment. We can borrow typically a little cheaper at the Textron level.
Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And I guess with respect to the TFC sub-segment I mean it's partly irrelevant going forward but I guess in the context of the quarter could you give us some idea, the contribution of the $19 million of net income that you actually generated?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, $18 million was the--
Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Sorry $18 million.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Let's say we had a loss at DFG, we broke even at golf and every other business unit was profitable.
Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay.And just one last one, when we think about portfolio moves and then you think about the funding requirements. How do you think about the portfolio as it exists on a go forward basis? You are obviously making move with the finance business. Are there any other plans or do you contemplate selling anything else that you have right now due to the market environment, does the market environment conclude that?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well we don't ever talk about things we might sell specifically in advance. But as we said we're always evaluating everything in our portfolio to try to determine what the best value for our shareholders would be. And we've certainly Fluid & Power falls into that category. Let's say business that has essentially tripled its EBITDA in the last three years as one of its best backlogs ever in a good market. So now it was the ideal to time to sell that business and we've taken that step. But we'll always look at everything.
Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Shannon O'Callaghan with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital: Good morning, guys.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Shannon.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital: So I mean is your understanding that the support agreement would prevent you from selling all of TFC and if that's not the case why didn't you pursue a more bolder strategy like that rather than to wind down?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I understand that sentiment, but we clearly don't think that would be in our shareholders' best interest. We looked at all alternatives obviously, and really any concept to selling, spinning or giving away TFC is going to result in our shareholders, effectively getting a fire sale prices, there are restrictions under the support agreement and certain other loan covenants that don't make that an attractive alternative.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital: But you could do it, I mean if you were willing to accept that, what you think is an unfair haircut if you want to go forward with it, your understanding is that you could do so under the support agreement?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, we have restrictions that require bank lines to be renegotiated in certain circumstances and we have covenant restrictions that will require us to ensure that TFC maintain equal or higher ratings, to the ratings that we have today and those are unattractive alternatives.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital: Okay. But if the buyer had, could you get those ratings higher, I mean it's not, I mean is there a literally, absolutely no way under any circumstances this can happen, is it that restrictive or is it just that you think it's unattractive to do so?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: There are we could under the events that a buyer of the business could ensure a higher credit rate, equal or higher credit rating do that if we choose to. We do not think that is the best of you... best way forward for our shareholders.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital: Okay. And second question around the fixed charge coverage ratio, I mean to maintain the 1.25 you are talking about the goodwill and the restructuring. Now looking at your scenario analysis in '09, obviously if it lost another $125 million you try and inject some more capital to maintain that ratio, what's the current position at the parent in terms of your discussions with rating agencies, in terms of how much you can...how much leverage you can take on the parent if you wanted to put some more capital in?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well we have had discussions yesterday with all the rating agencies and they are... understand what our plans are and are evaluating it then we will wait to hear from them in due course. But there is lot of, certainly there is a lot of flexibility from a financing covenant standpoint at the Textron level to be able to continue to inject capital. Obviously, there is some limit to that from a rating standpoint.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital: Okay.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We think we're in good shape right now but we will have to see how things develop.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well and the other point there the run-rate beside that is the fact that we intend to reduce the total amount of CP as well as the total amount taken together of our term financing for next year to those series of options that I referred to, so that works against ever bumping up against over leverage at the parent.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Thank you, good morning.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Couple of things, first, I don't quite have my arms around actually how much through cash and liquidity you think gets released by the $1.5 million kind to draw down of receivables obviously that requires calculations on recovery and charge-offs and everything and relative to the leverage ratio in the assets affected, I mean can you give us the sense of how much cash would actually be released in that process?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well it's even more complicated than that Jeff unfortunately because it depends on how some of our securitization vehicles get structured on a go forward basis which will happen as we move into 2009. But we've actually tested our liquidity position through that period of time with an assumption that some of those securitizations will actually run down. We are going to try not to let that be the case. With some of them running down, some of that de-assetting at TFC will at least for a period of time and really through '09, go into those securitization vehicles to pay down the obligations that are inside those. So it's not clear, our model does not assume that all of the asset reduction is available back to us in the form of cash. If we can get the securitization vehicles structured in a way, we are hopeful that we will be able to then a larger piece of that could be available. But when we said we think we are okay for the next 12 months, in that stress test scenario, that stress test also assumed that some cash would have to be diverted into securitizations.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Okay. And along the lines where Shannon was going with some of his questions, so it's not palatable due to the full exit maybe anytime soon unless a high rated acquirer comes in. But how do you actually navigate, I mean the fact remains funding cost are all out of way right. So if we are starting from a clean sheet of paper you probably say you wouldn't want to be in any of these businesses today. So that requires you to go back to the market and get price to try to kind of protect the profitability of the go forward business. Has that process begun to happen, what kind of natural demand disruption might come from that really credit availability be tight so maybe you can't pass it through, but just what are your initiatives?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We have tried, it's a hard one to get your hands around, we have tried to understand the price elasticity curve if you will to understand that that could be a way to the asset. If you look at clearly where we are today, I wouldn't say all of the business, because the long funded businesses are still doing okay. But clearly the short funded businesses, the business model does not work if LIBOR equals prime, and that's where we are at this moment. We look at that and say that's an untenable situation that has to correct itself, but how soon does it correct itself and how long do we have to suffer through a period where essentially you're above LIBOR and a lender at prime and the two numbers are the same number. We think that will correct itself, we are out aggressively though, pricing, our portfolio in general and most specifically working to move our customer base towards a more LIBOR Index set of lending. Now that's not a fast fix because we've got some customers where we can do that. We've come up with a notion we call the Textron Financial base rate, which is essentially LIBOR plus a spread and then we're pricing Textron Financial base rate plus a margin to customers. But we have a lot customers that have contractual arrangements that we're going to have to work our way through. But we are out there trying to push the price through and we do think that we will be a part of the asset reduction strategy then that customers will walk away at the higher pricing and that's fine. But our expectation that's why we put in those scenarios that funding box at the bottom because that really is between our two scenarios presented half the difference almost is being driven by that funding market environment. But we do think that LIBOR and prime have to separate. Its just a question of how fast and how far those are going to go and that's going to help bring the model back in. But we'll continually evaluate whether or not we believe that by a line of business, we have a business model that will work.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: And just finally one off one on Cessna. Are all these order numbers we've got today net orders?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes they are.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Right, yes.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Thank you.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: But very little cancellation in there.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Right okay, thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc: Good morning.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Morning.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc: Lewis, just a follow-up and I hope the final question on Textron Financial. Given your experience so far with this credit crunch, has it really called into question these strategic rational for having Textron Financial as part of the Group?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well sure, as with any other business that has elements of that but suddenly changed dramatically from the underlying assumptions that we put the business together under. I go back to just repeating somewhat what Ted just talked about and that is any business at Textron including the sub-segments for inside TFC continually have to pass through intrinsic value test, they have to pass through a long-term business liability test and they are regularly evaluated to see if it make sense to have any of our companies or pieces of our companies who retained inside of Textron. You may recall that nine-by-nine box where we talked about business health and attractiveness of the industry and what percentage of our strategic business units fall where on that grid. And we actually break apart all of our businesses as appropriate including TFC to look at the different components of TFC as the market conditions change. I think we're seeing a very abnormal economic situation now certainly as measured by historic standards. And so we're right now closely evaluating what positions we would take, should things continue if they get better, where how does that change our model. And you can be sure we going to move quickly as soon as we understand what we need to do and we can do it.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc: And this is a follow-up I am actually looking at Cessna. Could you let us know how large the international customers on that was part of the backlog, and how you are getting comfortable on that some of these new international customers and whether they will have to pay for that jets?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I can give you a just a second, I just have to find it. It's a big number; it's good number, we have got so many charts here let me see here we go international orders and deliveries. On the order side 68% are international and on the delivery side this year through the end of the quarter 57% are international. And if you look inside that and say where are they, Europe is by far the biggest there, half of the international order backlog and then Asia-Pacific is little more than 10%, Middle East and Africa is little less than 10%, Latin America is about 27%. So its pretty doing good mix. And of course, remember every time we find out somebody no matter where in the world, we find out some they have to come forward with that non-refundable deposit and also supply us with financing, bank financing or whatever financing sources they have so we can get convinced they are not speculating or and also get convinced that they can or make good on their order. So I think it's a very good backlog right now.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc: Great,thank you.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Rich Safran with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Richard T. Safran - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Good morning.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning
Richard T. Safran - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Just, you may have made some remarks about this, with respect to future write-downs, recognizing what you said in the release about capital contributions is appropriate. Am I correct that you would expect any potential capital infusion to come out of free cash flow and or do you actually... did you make a remark that you might think that you might have to raise debt?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, we would be making capital contributions into TFC at least for the foreseeable future out of our free cash flow.
Richard T. Safran - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And you do not, by this point of time you don't foresee having to raise debt in order to meet anything there?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Not at this point in time. We'll have to see how things develop.
Richard T. Safran - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And just back on to your commercial, your answer on that commercial paper balance of approximately $2 billion, could you just also give us a possible what the average maturity is and what the cost is right now?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The average maturity is about 10 days. Cost is, it depends anywhere from 4.5 to 6.5 and we have had some wild days in the heat of the last few weeks. We are seeing numbers over 6. We have also seen days in between those where it get down to 4.
Richard T. Safran - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And--
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's a wild time out there.
Richard T. Safran - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes, sure it sure is. And just switching topics just completely there is a potential MRAP like competition coming up in 2009 and I just wanted to know if you are planning on being a part entering that competition?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes we are.
Richard T. Safran - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thanks very much.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Jacoby with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs: Hi, guys, thank you for taking my question. I guess just with respect to the portfolio at TFC you haven't really taken any write-downs at it now in and there is lot other finance companies out there that have really gone rack pretty hard and guys have done a good job managing through this, through this down turn. But I guess the question is over the course of the next several quarters clearly there could be some write-downs because as you look to either sell or as the cycle plays out I mean your portfolio might not be worth where you are carrying it now. And so its kind of begs the questions yes there is maybe a need for more capital and so I guess to Rich's question I mean it almost sounds like you are going to have to borrow money and maybe doing it through the parent company which the credit default swaps trade a lot better on the parent and there is industrial assets behind in cash flow that maybe might make sense to do that at some point. And that's something you're going to watch the market and if that opportunity presents itself, maybe you could do that?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well that's a lot of questions. First of all, we believe that we have a very strong portfolio and a great recovery process and the reason that we don't mark our portfolio to markets. So we're not pricing assets like you see some financial institutions under a scenario that assumes you would fire sale those assets. Our expectation is that we will go out and exercise our recovery processes. And we do recognize charge-offs and additional loan loss provision when we make a determination that we're not going to be able to get full recovery of interest in principle. And clearly we've been doing that, those numbers have been going up. We expect those numbers to continue to go up as you saw in the scenario analysis that we are looking at. Within reason, let me take this in two steps. The goodwill write-off which is causing the initial requirement for additional capital infusion entity is obviously really a non-cash event. It's a non-cash write-off in TFC, but under the support agreement requires us to make a cash contribution, all of that is doing is having the effect of moving commercial paper requirements out of TFC to the parent, which as you know it is not an all bad thing to have happened up to a certain level. To the extent that we do have higher levels of loan losses as we modeled into couple of scenarios that we shared with you today. Obviously, those are more cash oriented events. And at this stage depending on what range they are in, they're fundable out of the general cash flow of our industrial businesses. If they got to some extraordinarily higher level then obviously they could at some point in time require us to fund them. And we would likely have excess capital down in TFC as a result of these contributions. So a lot of that funding probably would be at the parent. But in our overall objective through all of these actions that we're taking is to reduce our reliance on commercial paper and potentially replace that with more term related debt.
Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs: Just one other quick comment, but I mean in the 10-K you guys provide a nice amortization of the assets and liabilities to the extent, fourth quarter you could give us something like that as you wind down some in, that will be really helpful that might answer a lot of the questions.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That will be in the 10-Q.
Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: There will be a much, much expanded, liquidity disclosures in both the Textron Financial and Textron 10-Qs which you will have soon.
Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs: And then the last thing is just, drawing on the revolver if need be, is it fair to assume that's probably the last resort you want to do, I don't think rating agencies seem like draw down on revolver. Is that, is it fair to assume that that's probably the least attractive option for you guys, or is that not the case.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, we are working hard and so far have been successful, and operating in the CP market, our paper is rolling fine. We would mention fine but expensive. But we have been able to successfully utilize the CP market, those backup lines are therefore one reason only, and that is the CP market becomes unavailable and we would have to do something different.
Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks again for taking my question.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations: Alex, I think we have time for one more call.
Operator: Okay. Sir your final question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead sir.
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: Hi, good morning.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Steve.
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: Just a question on the Textron TFC where you guys give us a slide that showed the liquidity profile back in May, and it showed a receivable receipts matched up against your liability payments in... I'm not a finance analyst so may be I'm not looking to this the right way. But I'm just curious, how much of your receivable receipts are coming over the next I guess year and a half, why not take a little bit more of... is there is something contractual here? That's the reason as to why you can't take a more aggressive approach towards, maybe not selling these businesses but to just kind of winding them down and paying off the debt given this is a solid cash business as opposed to what everybody is speaking out about which is stuff that's it's mark-to-market it's not very cash related?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The answer some what varies by business Steve but yet there are certain businesses like ABL where we have contractual relationships with a customer for a period of time. There are... they are expiring, revolving loan structures and we can't walk in, they want and tell that customer that we're pulling that line unless that customer has in some way defaulted breach to covenant et cetera in which case we would be quick to do so. So what we'll be doing in that business for example, is notifying the customers of our strategic intentions relative to this business that we don't intend to renew as contracts come to expiration. And then if a customer has any transitional issues please come talk to us because we also want to make sure that we don't flow a customer under the bus in a way that really comes to back to hurt us. So we're working all that carefully in other businesses like distribution finance. We have a variety of different structures there. In some instances we can stop funding a particular dealer but in other instances, these are very tightly constructed programs with manufacturers and we do have certain commitments for certain periods of time with those guys. And we're going to honor all the commitments obviously that we have made to any of our customers and that's really what controls the pacing. And in some instances you still have to recognize even where we can do something contractually, it may not be smart to do it because that customer needs to find funding somewhere else or you need to help them work their way through the situation.
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: Right, how often are these contracts renewed in, is it five year term, 10 year term, one year term?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Typically two to three year times of terms and so there are contracts rolling off every quarter.
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: Great okay. And the other question is on Cessna, I'm going to get some other to stop asking you, why you're being so conservative which is I guess the flavor of the last three years calls but looks like the environment has obviously changed. Still though you think with the backlog business like that your incrementals would be able to hold up and they were a little bit disappointing this quarter and I don't know what your fourth quarter guidance implies but I think it's a flat margin on up delivery. So I'm just curious as to what's really going on and then I have a very quick follow-up to that?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well we are seeing some impacts of this weakening economy in Cessna and it's not on new jet deliveries. But we're seeing a slowing growth rate in the aftermarket business, we're clearly seeing a reduction in volume in the single engine piston caravan side of the business, we did see relief for the first time, we're a little bit of used valuation kit in Q2 but a little bit bigger number in Q3. So we have baked into our numbers that are in our used inventories are starting to grow on book at Cessna and values are down a little bit. We have a much better process now than last times, so we think those will be a much more limited but we are seeing some of the used valuation impacts. And frankly, at Cessna, in the last quarter we've seen some productivity issues that I think really relate to the restrain of stepping up to these larger volumes. So we have some... a little bit of cost performance weakness in there as well. So we do think that the real driver of the business is jet deliveries and jet deliveries will be driven by the backlog. But around the periphery of the business there are some impacts from the current economic environment.
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: Got it. And then just one follow-up on the margins, Cessna is obviously very strong, this cycle and driven probably by pricing and you guys are doing the better job there. But Lewis when you kind of revaluate, how you guys mange the business, I guess toward the IVM [ph] methodology and you feel like that kind of corresponds to where the equity value is and how you create value for shareholders. Is there any reevaluation of that given what's happened here and some of these businesses have had hiccups whether it's Bell which is... was in a phenomenal growth curve but just could not get the margins, industrial is obviously rolling back over here you never really got that business sum up to it's previous peak margin. And I am not sure IVM plays into TFC but obviously things are falling apart there pretty quickly. So any reevaluation of how you guys are looking at your portfolio on it and the methodology?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well obviously with the situation we find ourselves into today's global economic crunch it really affects quite a bit of our portfolio. But let me say this you know if you really think about what's embedded inside of Textron currently even with the economic environment, a large portion of our company is well protected from appears to be so far well protected from the current fall off in the economy. Cessna okay margin is off a little bit but you have to admit it really held up well like some of that strain that we self imposed on ourselves to get the volumes up in the fourth quarter is necessary because we have to come out of January the 3rd and again when we start next year at the run-rate to make 535. So if we take Bell Systems in Cessna we're... that piece of portfolio is good. Now let's take TFC and industrial. Industrial of course is really getting hit by recessionary tendencies in different markets obviously. And we do continue to look at every one of our assets to evaluate when or if they should become a part of somebody else's portfolio. And the when is sometimes determined by the fact we know something about going forward that makes it more valuable in the future than it would be today. So I still am a big believer in intrinsic value, I thing it served us well, I think our earnings growth over a long period of time has been very predictable because of it. I don't feel good about where we are in several of our segments but you can be very, very sure we're going to push hard, get everything back in line with expectations as quickly as we can.
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: Great thanks a lot.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations: All right thank you ladies and gentlemen.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for you participation and using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-17 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas R. Wilburne - VP, IR Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and CEO Ted R. French - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Robert Stallard - Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc David Strauss - UBS Harry Nourse - Bank of America Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co., LLC Ronald J. Epstein - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Textron Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. Later there will be an opportunity for your questions. [Operator Instructions]. And I would now like to turn the conference over to Doug Wilburne, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks, Leah, and good morning everyone. Joining me today are Lewis Campbell, Textron's Chief Executive Officer and Ted French, Textron's Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to mention our discussion today will include remarks about future estimates and expectations. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our annual SEC filings and also in today's press release. Finally, you can also find a slide deck containing key data items from today's call in the IR section of our website. Revenues in the quarter were $3.9 billion, up 21% from a year ago. Earnings per share from continuing operations were $1.03, up 21% from $0.85 in last year's second quarter. Relative to our updated guidance, which specified a range of $0.93 to $0.98, the factors that contributed to the $0.05 performance above that range were two additional jet deliveries and stronger performance at Cessna and AAI. Free cash flow through the first six months was $221 million or $220 million compared to $145 million in '07. With that, I'll turn the call over to Lewis.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Doug, good morning everybody. Even in the midst of prevailing economic weakness and challenges in our finance segment, we achieved another solid overall result this quarter, and we continue to build backlog for our future, which is also important. Before I dive into the details, I would like to go back and review what our initial economic assumptions were coming into 2008. I'd say our world has changed a bit, and I want to update you now on how we're thinking about the balance of the year and beyond. In January, back then we were expecting modest world economic growth with commodity prices remaining at what was perceived to be back then pretty high levels. In United States, credit and housing issues were expected to result in a mild downturn with soft corporate profits at least mid-year. Well, as we all know, since we first discussed our outlook, oil has been up by over $50 per barrel versus end of your last year and other commodities are up significantly as well. This is having a direct impact on us to increase cost particularly in our Industrial segment. Higher commodity costs have also further stressed the U.S. and global economies. Nonetheless, strong performance in our Aircraft and Defense businesses, the size and resiliency of our backlog and the actions we are taking give us the confidence to maintain our overall outlook for the rest of the year and beyond, a key point. So, let's take a closer look at what's going on in each of our businesses, and what we think it says about our future. I'll start with TFC, where we encountered a number of late quarter developments. Before I do that, I like to revisit what I said on our call in April, when we discussed the risks around TFC and its forecast. What I said was, we believe our risk at TFC is manageable, and that strengthened opportunities in the rest of our enterprise would substantially offset this risk. Well, that's exactly what happened. I mean if you also participated in our TFC Investor meeting and webcast in April. There we provided an in-depth review of the portfolio and our processes to manage the risks. We did this so you have a better appreciation of our assets knowing that we were in a difficult credit environment. Then in May and June, the continued difficulties in the credit environment began to more significantly affect some of our customers. Accordingly, we conducted a very comprehensive review of our assets and have reduced our outlook for TFC for the rest of the year, reflecting sustained credit challenges. And by the way, we will be conducting another Investor Call on August 6th to provide an in-depth look at the TFC portfolio in this tougher environment and to give you the benefit of reviews we have undertaken. I hope you can all join us. Lets move now to Industrial, where the impact of the economy is somewhat different in each division. But, still overall we had nearly 8% organic growth in the quarter. For example, on the positive side, E-Z-GO sales were up significantly as our new RXV golf car is selling very well. And pricing is robust almost offsetting commodity pressures. We expect E-Z-GO will continue to have a very good year led by the RXV. At Jacobsen, we had a pretty good quarter with positive organic growth and improved performance. But, we expect softness for the rest of the year. Demand at Fluid & Power remains very strong, reflect... largely reflecting strength in the global economy sector... sorry, energy sector, pardon me. At Greenlee, we saw demand fall off very late in the quarter, and expect further weakening through the rest of the year. However, the strength of new products were rolling out will offset a large portion of the end-market softness. So, that's good news as well. Finally, at Kautex, there really are three separate stories. First, non-naphtha markets are up solidly in Q2, but we expect slower growth during the second half. Number two, in absolute contrast, North American volumes are down substantially and are expected to continue downward. And then third, and most consequential, is the lag of price [inaudible] on commodity cost increases which are significantly pressuring margins. We're taking appropriate cost actions to react to the volume falloffs and we are also implementing a pricing strategy to protect us for future commodity exposure, which we think will be very successful. But frankly, it is going to take several quarters before we see positive results on the second item. So in Industrial, weve slightly reduced our second-half margin outlook to reflect the tougher commodity environment. Now, moving to Defense and Intelligence, organic growth topped 10% and we again had positive execution on a number of programs. For example, our AAI acquisition, Doug mentioned this at the start of the call, it's tracking ahead of plan, and looking down the road, work on new synergistic product offerings looks very promising. We are also pursuing a number of foreign military UAV opportunities, and we are pleased that the recently passed supplemental budget included funding for UAVs as well as armored security vehicles. This extends further U.S. Government UAV production through early 2011, and ASV production through early 2010, so we're off to a great start. We also received a new contract for Motor Life Boats from Mexico with deliveries in 2010. So, the outlook for D&I remain strong and should be relatively unaffected by the economy. Now let's move to Bell. The business outlook is also positive and execution continues to advance. Obviously, the market expressed concern around last week's announcement that the Army was moving forward with a non [inaudible] review of the Armed Reconnaissance Helicopter program. However, we view this as positive news, as this is the next required step to get this program approved for full rate production and given that the ARH design has been... has evolved and is the right design for the war fighter, the cost of the program has necessarily risen as a result. While there is also the possibility that a program on review could be cancelled, the Army needs this rate of capability, and we believe we have the best solution from a cost, performance and schedule point of view. Keep in mind that an examination of alternatives was conducted by the Army last year with ARH and it proved to be the preferred solution. So, we expect the outcome will be the same this time. We are working with our customer to expedite the review and obtain funding for the first 10 production representing units. In the meantime, we continue to work under the SDD contract, 3 prototype aircraft are already flying and have accumulated nearly 1,300 hours of flight testing and are performing well. Over on the AH-1 program, off about two tests were completed and we expect full rate production approval for the Yankee portion of the program later this year. The [inaudible] on the other hand, has a few fixable technical issues around systems integration of customer-provided gear, and we expect to get these resolved quickly and will continue with limited rate production and anticipate a full rate decision for the [inaudible] next year. And finally the V-22 program is performing very well. We're delivering aircraft consistent with cost targets and actually ahead of schedule. Actual operation in this sphere has been very positive. The program also received budget approval for eight additional units with deliveries beginning in 2010, providing yet further visibility into Bell's long-term outlook. Now let's finish with Cessna, where the story remains extremely strong. And we say this against the backdrop of the current economic environment and its potential impact on order flow, cancellations and pricing. So, let's start with current results, and then talk about planned considerations for the future. I want to remind everyone on the call that over the last two years, we've been managing a fairly aggressive expansion in capacity. Importantly, doing so while still improving cost efficiencies. With two quarters behind us, we believe we're solely on track to deliver our target of 470 jets this year, up 21% from last year. Also on the execution side, our Single Engine Prop acquisition is proceeding quite successfully with integration and revenue synergies going well and restructuring costs running less than planned, another good new story. Moving to the demand front, we booked an additional 35 orders for our new Columbus product in the quarter. This brings total Columbus orders to 71, an excellent debut for this exciting new high revenue product. Including Columbus, we booked a total of 201 orders in the quarter reflecting strong demand from international markets. Overall then, we've booked 437 total orders in the first half, most of which are earmarked for delivery in 2010 and beyond. Including CitationShares, that brings our total backlog to 1,638 jets, which is about 3.5 times our current annual production. The point here is, this backlog gives us complete confidence to raise production next year, and we are currently targeting about 535 jets for which we are 95% sold out already. The question now becomes where do the deliveries go from here in 2010 and 2011. And obviously the answer is a function of three things. Our current backlog, where net order rates go over the next three years and ones view of the long-term global business jet demand. Let's start with the last factor, long-term demand. Over the past several years, we witnessed a growth in international orders, which in turn is the result of an early stage adoption of business jets in new markets around the world. We do not believe this phenomenon is temporary. In fact, we believe international market adoption rates will accelerate in concert with the global economic expansion particularly as the use of business jets continues to become more culturally acceptable, international infrastructures are built out and sovereign policy barriers are eliminated. Based on low existing penetration rates, our analysis suggests that global demand will grow to at least 700 Citation deliveries per year within five years, 700. Obviously, the rate of adoption will be impacted by how the world economy evolves, but this level of the demand is very realistic with only modest assumptions about adoption rates. Now let me move to the second factor, net order rates, which are the result of gross orders minus cancellations. Given the current economic environment over the next several quarters, we do expect a slowing in orders at Cessna. We said that several quarters, by the way, at least comparing to the blistering rates we've seen over the past seven quarters. Furthermore, with our most popular models not having availability in 2010 or 2011 and in the case of the CJ4, 2014, one just has to expect order rates to normalize. However, we still do not believe the severe order downturn will develop, especially when you consider the continued deterioration in the commercial travel experience and the further planned contraction in routes served. So, as we look at 08 orders, we're very encouraged that we will likely see our original forecast of 570 orders by a significant margin, although we expect second half orders will be less than the first half, obviously. Reflecting the initial surge of Columbus orders and the two successful international biz jet shows early in the year. Looking to 09, we're not expecting a precipitous drop in orders, but we do expect rates will be less than next year's delivery plan based on the lack of availability of open slots and also probably some softness in the economy. Beyond that, it's too early to call as it will depend upon how the global economy develops over the next 18 months. So now we come to our third factor, and thats one we cannot overemphasize, and that is the size and resiliency of our current backlog. At 3.5 times our 08 production, this provides tremendous balance. As we shared in January, this backlog can be stressed as severely as the last business cycle and we'd still need to expand capacity to service the systemic demand that we see in the marketplace for Citations over the next several years. Yes, sure. A portion of our backlog are susceptible to normal cancellations or deferrals and we'll likely see some cancellations. However within our backlog, there is significant interest among customers to move up in their position and therefore we do not view cancellations as a significant risk to our outlook. So in summary, even with the current global economic environment being what it is, we believe we'll have up delivery years in 2009 and again in 2010 and again in 2011. So let me close by saying we're pleased with our overall progress at Textron so far this year, both in terms of results and in preparing for the future, but from a management perspective, this is not a one-size-fits-all situation. As some of our businesses are entering a period of contractions where we're responding appropriately while others are still very much in the growth mode. In fact we continue to believe that Textron is somewhat unique in that the largest portion of our business should see sustained growth over the next several years. Our total aircraft in the Defense backlog of $23.5 billion, another all time record, gives us visibility and confidence in this outlook. My final comment is about our recent announcement that Scott Donnelly has joined Textron as our Chief Operating Officer. You know, talent management is a keystone of our transformation strategy at Textron and somewhat of Scott's caliber is a major addition to an already excellent team. We're extremely pleased that Scott sees the substantial potential at Textron, and wants to help shape our future, I'm sure he will. With that, I will turn the call over to Ted. Ted?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Lewis and good morning everyone. We appreciate you being here with us. I want to start with a few comments about the economic environment. We're in an unprecedented territory with the current price of oil and other commodities, and there appears to be no clear consensus on whether these rates represent some sort of bubble or if this is a new systemic level based on supply and real demand. And as a result, where prices are going to go from here. On the other hand, we are also entering a new world era with many emerging economies now consuming our products. The upshot is that while we expect some uncertainty for some period of time, plus contraction in demand in some of our markets, we believe our long-term outlook is very positive. Now, let's move on to our analysis of what drove second quarter results. Earnings per share from continuing ops were up $0.18 from a year ago. Volume and mix provided $0.19, higher pricing of about 3.2% added $0.29 a share, while inflation also about 3.2%, cost us $0.23 a share. Performance across our businesses was a positive $0.19 and acquisitions provided a benefit of a penny. Headwinds from engineering, research, development and depreciation cost $0.12 and Textron Financial was lowered by $0.15. So, let's start our normal segment discussion this time with Textron Financial. Revenues at Finance were down $62 million in the second quarter, primarily due to lower market interest rates and a decrease in fee income which reflected last year's $21 million gain from the partial sale of a leveraged lease, offset by about $5 million in higher securitization gains this year. Revenues were also reduced by the Sale-In, Lease-Out issue we announced last month. Profits in the Finance segment decreased $55 million due to an increase in the provision for loan losses, the decrease in fee income, again that $21 million gain from last year, an impact of higher borrowing cost relative to various market rate indices and the SILO adjustment. These reductions in profit were partially offset by a benefit from increased deals on loans with interest rate floors and a reduction in selling and administrative expenses. The increase in the provision for loan losses was primarily driven by a reserve established for one account in the golf finance portfolio and an increase in the overall loan loss provision in our distribution finance portfolio as general U.S. economic conditions have continued to impact borrowers in certain industries. The 60 day plus delinquency percentage increased to 0.61% of finance receivables from 0.33% at the end of the first quarter, but still a very low number. But, nonetheless non-performing assets increased to 2.31% of total assets from our first quarter level of 1.84%. Looking forward to the rest of the year at TFC, we've reduced our outlook to incorporate higher credit losses and continued pressure on interest margin. Based on the composition and quality of our portfolio, we do not believe that Textron Financial represents the level of risk that the markets have seen with other financial companies. And we look forward to having a more detailed discussion about our view with all of you on August 6. In conclusion, we believe our forecast properly reflects the additional stress our finance businesses will experience for the rest of the year. Moving now to Cessna. In the second quarter, revenues and profits were up $298 million and $62 million respectively. Revenues increased primarily reflecting the delivery of 117 Citation business jets compared to 95 last year, and also due to improved pricing. Profits increased due to the impact from the higher volumes, improved pricing, partially offset by inflation and increased engineering and product development expense. Bell revenues were up $102 million and profits were up $61 million. Revenues in Bell's U.S. Government business increased $97 million, due to higher H-1 and V-22 deliveries and increased spares and service volume. U.S. Government profits were up $64 million as a result of improved cost performance largely attributable to the non-recurrence of last year's $48 million charge for the ARH and of course contributions from this year's higher volume. Revenues for Bell's commercial business were up $5 million due to higher pricing and the benefit of newly-acquired businesses partially offset by lower helicopter delivery volumes. Commercial profits were down $3 million, reflecting inflation, unfavorable cost performance and the lower volumes partially offset by stronger pricing. Moving to the Defense and Intelligence segment. Revenues were up $209 million due to the acquisition of AAI and higher volumes in Armored Security Vehicle aftermarket products, Intelligent Battlefield Systems, Joint Direct Attack Munitions and Lycoming products, which were partially offset by lower Sensor Fused Weapons. Profit increased $15 million as a result of the benefit of the AAI acquisition and favorable pricing which were partially offset by unfavorable cost performance and inflation. Revenues in our industrial segment increased to $137 million, while profits were down $1 million. Revenues increased primarily due to favorable foreign exchange, some higher volume and higher pricing and a benefit from acquisitions. Profit decreased as higher pricing, favorable exchange rates and improved cost performance were essentially offset by inflation. Now, for our earnings outlook. For the full year, we are still confident in our EPS forecast of $3.80 to $4, which is unchanged, and we are initiating our third quarter earnings forecast at $0.80 to $0.90 a share. Our projected free cash flow provided by continuing operations forecast remains unchanged at $700 million to $750 million. Finally, on uses of cash, this year we've made three acquisitions, SkyBOOKS at Bell helicopter and Telephonics, and most recently Unilux at Greenlee. And we've also repurchased 3.5 million shares of stock including 1.9 million late in the second quarter putting us well ahead of our original full year plan. We intend to continue making bolt-on acquisitions and share repurchases in a manner that we think maximizes value for our shareholders. And now, I'm going to turn it over to Doug and ask him to give you a little more 2008 modeling information. Doug?
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President, Investor Relations: All right. Thank you, Ted. Now, I'll begin with our third-quarter outlook. At Cessna, we are expecting revenue to be approximately $1.5 billion with margins of about 16.5%. Our expectation assumes jet deliveries in a range of 120 to 125 for the quarter. At Bell, we are expecting third-quarter revenue of around $570 million with margins of about 8%. These revenues reflect delivery of two V-22s, two H-1's and somewhere between 40 to 45 Commercial helicopters. At D&I we are expecting revenue to be about $545 million with margins of about 9.5%. This forecast reflects about 150 ASVs. Industrial revenue was expected to be approximately $900 million with margins at about 3.5% reflecting normal summer seasonality at Caltex. Finance revenues are projected to come in at $175 million plus or minus with the segment profit at about $30 million. Now, for the full year, for Cessna, we're expecting still '08 revenues of about $6 billion, but we slightly bumped full year margins to about 17%. At Bell, we're also reconfirming our revenue projection of around $2.6 billion with margins up about 9%. While this margin is up from our previous full year guidance of 8.5% when you work through your models you'll see that second half margins are expected to be down from the first half. Primary drivers here are positive program adjustments booked in the first half and higher expected R&D spending in the second. At D&I, we're still on track for revenues of about $2.2 billion with margins of about 11%, up about 100 basis points from our previous guidance. D&I margins will also be a bit lower in the second half on a sequential basis due to the non-reoccurrence of favorable program adjustments. At Industrial revenue, still expecting about $3.7 billion with a lower margin expectation of about 5% now reflecting the higher commodity costs that we spoke about before. Finally, at our Finance segment, our new outlook is for revenues of about $750 million and we're pegging profit for the full year now at about $130 million. We expect interest expense of about $120 million and corporate expenses of about $220 million. Our full year tax rate is expected to be between 32% and 33%. Finally on the call with TFC coming up on August 6, we'll be issuing a notice with all the calling information for that, but you may want to note your calendars that we'll begin that call at 4:00 p.m. Eastern. In addition to Ted and me, we'll also have Jay Carter, President of TFC, Tom Cullen, CFO, and Angelo Butera, Chief Credit Officer at Textron Financial. So with that, that concludes our prepared remarks. Before we go to questions, I'd like to ask each of you who queue in to please limit yourselves to one question with an optional follow-up. And with that, Leah, we are now ready to open the lines for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, [Operator Instructions]. And our first question is from the line of Jeff Sprague from Citi Investment Research. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Thanks, good morning everyone.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Jeff.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President, Investor Relations: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Hey, I guess the fundamentals are what they are Lewis, but everybody's kind of scratching your head here today, right. The stock got rattled with this guidance heightened late in the quarter, you beat that and now we've got, kind of Q3 guidance where the margins need to be down year-over-year and sequentially in every business. It just kind of begs the question of, the type of visibility you really have into the business, and I guess Id like a little bit more understanding of why the margins would be down sequentially across the board Q2 into Q3?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, let me tackle the margin piece specifically, and then Lewis can add in if he wants to on the visibility questions. The largest answer to that is the continued ramp-up of R&D development and that's the primary driver at Bell's business. When we put Dick in there, he turned down some of the investments for a period of time to make certain that he was comfortable with all the product development programs, and where those programs were going. And, that's starting to come back onstream. And in the second half versus the first half between IR&D and SG&A we would probably have about a $40 million growth in that investment. And those are all investments we think are critically important to the future of the business, and are driving the organic growth for many, many years to come. But, there is a bit of a... the timing factor between the first half and the second half. On the Cessna side, it's somewhat the same, but there is... it's also compounded with some product mix. We're ramping up more Mustangs in the second half, more single engine, there is more revenues coming out of CitationShares, and perhaps most importantly, we'll have a much larger used aircraft sales coming through in the second half, which essentially have no margins. So, there is nothing going on there with the fundamentals of Cessna's performance. It's really a mix of sales, and then likewise, engineering development costs for the second half for almost $30 million higher at Cessna than in the first half. So, I would say there is nothing fundamentally different. It's really just a normal ebb and flow of how things get timed through the course of the year. We pushed hard to get some deliveries out there in the second quarter that could have just as well happened in the third quarter. So, nothing that's fundamental.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And the thing I would add Jeff is, if you've I tried to make this point, maybe I didn't do it as well as I could have. But, if you think about where we were at the beginning of the year, and we've taken guidance up once already this year, and the fact that oil is up basically 50%, $50 a barrel, probably a little more than that. And the fact that the global economy has certainly not gotten any better to say, to make a simple comparison versus year-end of '07, but I think our company has shown great resiliency, and as I've said a couple of times on calls in the past, it's certainly interesting to note and should give our Investors confidence that so much of our business is very solidly locked in this sector growth that doesn't relate to the economy. You take Bell, you take Cessna, you take Defense and Intelligence, those businesses are so solidly positioned, and you really don't read anything these days that says anybody has got a better position in any of those markets than we do. So, I feel very good about Textron right now and our future as a matter of fact. So, and our backlog, needless to say, is certainly very strong. I can say that with a smile. I've never felt better about our backlog and that bodes well for our future as well.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: And I guess, as maybe a sign of that confidence, I mean there was some share repurchase in the quarter. But, it was this quarter a year ago that you guys raised a dividend, and announced a share repurchase, why not step it up here in the phase of a very weak stock and a lot of uncertainty in the outlook among Investors?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, we're being very tactical in that regard and we did step it up very significantly for the period of time we were able to be in the market right at the end of the second quarter. We're balancing that against the fact that we made certain commitments, when we acquired AAI that we would rapidly get the balance sheet back to where it was before that acquisition, and we are way ahead of schedule on that and we have essentially gotten there in two quarters versus the four quarters that we originally talk to the rating agencies about. So, we've got to balance that. We have to also balance the fact that there are some liquidity concerns out there in the market. We have not had any real problems, but we want to be sure we don't have any problems as well, but I think you can continue to expect us to be very tactical in our execution and we certainly like the stock at the price right now as a buyer.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Thanks.
Operator: And next we move on to the line of Steve Tusa from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Steve.
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: Hi, good morning.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Steve.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President, Investor Relations: Good morning.
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: What's the... can you just maybe talk through Brazil, what gives you the confidence in your TFC projections given the volatility you have seen lately maybe... and a little bit more detail and that we can get more, I guess, on the August call, but just at a higher level?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we started a... let me just start by saying there is a lot of uncertainty in the markets that are out there, it would be nave to say otherwise, but we've spent the latter part of this quarter as we start to see some things coming up doing some very deep dives into some of our businesses and really all of our businesses and doing it with some independent reviews where we send people from different businesses and to look at other people's businesses as opposed to their own to try to get a unbiased, unvarnished view of what could happen and we've run a whole series of models and scenarios around great environments and around potential charge-offs in each of the businesses, potential non-performing assets in each of the businesses and we've taken the number down pretty aggressively and we've taken it down to a number that we think is the most likely case right now. But, I still say that also with the confidence that whichever way TFC moves around and I think weve put the number in at a guidance that's the midpoint. The range of guidance for Textron in total is still quite significant between $3.80 and $4 and we have high confidence that thats what we're going to deliver in the end if TFC is a little better or a little worse it's not going to take us off that march.
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay. And then maybe could you just walk through a couple of the puts and takes and a little bit... quantify them a little bit more on the Bell and D&I side with regard to the margin stepdown in the second half of the year looking at the volume projections. It just looks a little bit conservative, but you talked about program adjustments, there are a lot of moving parts, maybe could you just step us down help us step down to that level in the second half?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think, at D&I, it's primarily program adjustments we did over the course of the first two quarters, close out the first two original large lots of ASVs and those both closed out with substantial profit pickups as a result of our continuing learning curve performance on that program as we move into later lots where we had the benefit of longer history and better estimates. We have some potential, I wouldn't say there is none to get some additional good news on those lots as they progress. But, right now we are not projecting that we'll have the same big program pickups on those that weve had in the first half. And that is the... that's the primary driver. Could we have
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: How much was that in the second quarter?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: How much was the ASV pickup in the second quarter?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hang on, one second, well try to find that. And then, let me keep going and we'll come back to that. In Bell, it is primarily, this year I think I really already gave the answer to which is the way that they have chosen to hold down the IR&D that we've given them as an approval for the year in the first half and some other development... global development expenses in SG&A and those two things are it's almost exactly 40 million higher in the second half than the first half and that's the primary driver. We also had some net small pickups on program reviews at Bell in the first half that we are not projecting in the second half but that's not as significant as the ASV pickups.
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: Sorry, what was that ASV pickup again?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We're still trying to get that number, hang on a while.
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: All right. Thanks a lot. And then one more question is
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The answer is $8 million in the second quarter.
C. Stephen Tusa  JPMorgan: $8 million. And then one more question is, what are the gating factors for that, Cessna production target next year, I mean, is that kind of an inflexible number given the supply constraints or how much variability do you think is around that number, if you have a pretty precise number as opposed to a range?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, Steve I think that number is pretty solid. We continue to work with our suppliers, which are the primary gating factors really, I mean, there is nothing inside our facility that keeps us from producing more aircraft. As we tried to explain over the call... during the call, in our conversation before we did the Q&A. We've looked at about every possible way you can stress the backlog, you can create whatever economic situations you want in the U.S. or outside the U.S. and our take on seeing increased production in '09, '10 and '11 is very solid. Second, on next year, there is not very much going to get in our way on that number... I mean I... right now we don't see anything that's a bottleneck or a gating factor or I would be disappointed if we don't beat that a few... but well have to see about that.
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Our customers would love us to get a few more than that and we are
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: Right.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We're working hard for them to try to do it, but we have to rely on what commitments we can get out of our supply chain partners.
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay. Thanks.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Operator: And next we go to the line of Shannon O'Callaghan from Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Hi, guys.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Shannon.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: One follow-up on the Cessna production, I mean, Lewis, your comments about the expected pace of orders and obviously at some point to have to moderate from the pace they have been at. But it sounded like, you were viewing that less as a impact of the global economic slowdown and more as a function of how little availability you actually have in the jets given your backlog, so, I guess I am a little surprised you wouldn't really be pushing even harder to take production rate up, if you actually think they are going to see an order impact from lack of availability?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Well, I think I've done this on a couple of calls, but it's been about a year since I have done it. So let me tell you how this number rolls up, because I have been here since 1992, so I have seen the planning process so to speak upfront and personal. We really don't set the total number of jets to produce, let's say, 530. We don't really set that number that way. We take a look at each individual model, we project a five-year run rate and then we look at at what point should we announce a block point change or a replacement model for that particular model. And some models run for 20 years and some run for 15 and some run for 10. I'm trying to think how long the Citation 10 has been running, but it's well over 10 for sure, and probably bordering on 15. So my point is that what 530 is, it's an accumulation of the volume... annual deliveries for each one of the individual models. And of course we do have pent-up demand, there's no doubt about that. And we're trying to predict as best we can how to have sustained increases in volume without up one year, down the next, up one year, down the next. And if you think about it, we've increased our annual production every year since 9/11 at a fairly specific and fairly constant rate. So, Shannon, I'll have to tell you I... could we make more? Yes, we probably could stress the system and make 560, well, we could. But then again, what that does is, then if we had to slow down, we have to lay people off and we have to move production around... sorry, employees around based on seniority. And so what we've developed is a model of production that I think is superior to anybody else in the industry. Our quality is fabulous, our customer satisfaction is super, our employee workforce is just in a great shape, more outlays, I just don't anticipate us going to 600 and back to 500 one year. I think we're going to keep the same balance and we're going to try to moderate the lead times in some of our models and we're going to do that the best we can. But again, staring at what some people think is an uncertain future to make a statement that we're in increased production in '09, '10 and '11, that's pretty damn solid statement. So... and our customers are happy with us too, so as evidenced by the order intake we've been receiving. So I'll give you another whack at it if you want, but that's my view on it.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Yeah. Now I just say with 3.5 times backlog as you were saying, it seems like there's some room to take it up unless... I mean, you mentioned it's illogical but it assumes the cancellations, I mean are you seeing anything on that front incrementally that keeps you cautious enough?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I would say, yes. With everything that's been written about this time would be, real frankly, as everything has been written about the slowdown in business jets, the cycle is coming at us. We have had two, one, two cancellations and most of those have been discussed with customers too which said, can you do us a favor, these are not business failures, these are not guys who have gone bankrupt and that business has gone underwater, these are two good customers we decided to move some from year one to year two. And by the way had an effect of those because we have people ready to step up to take those jets. So, we really only have two this year-to-date, very low number.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: This is really more driven by making sure the overall supply chain works efficiently and that we can get commitments from our suppliers, as well as internally, we've broken most of the internal constraints. We still have some more capital to put in to get to the level that we think we're going to need to be at five years from now. But, in the next year it's really what do we think we can get committed from our suppliers, and safely and efficiently build, and when we try to stretch it a little too far we get all kinds of inefficiencies in our system.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And just one more follow-up on the quarterly guidance pattern here. I understand some of the points of first half versus second half things ramping, but I mean you do have... Bell then implied to go back up in margin sequentially in the fourth and same with Cessna, is there anything in the 3Q in particular that makes it fit all... even more in one quarter?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, there was some... they shipped some units in both cases a little bit in the second quarter that had previously been in the third quarter expectations, so there was a little bit of move there. But, let me step back and say... when you normalize our business, the percent of EPS we have forecasted in this third quarter as a percent of the full year is dead on our normal performance. And the third quarter is always the challenging quarter for our businesses and if you take over the last decade what is our normalized earnings in the third quarter as a percent of the year, were right at it.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And next we go to the line of Nicole Parent from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good morning.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Nicole.
Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: I just not to nitpick, but I just want to get a sense, when we look at the guidance by subsegment, obviously for the full year you got better results at Cessna, Bell, Defense and Intelligence, you have industrial and finance weaker. When I look at the corporate expense and the interest expense, it looks like in aggregate its probably going to give you a dime higher relative to your forecast in the first quarter. So I'm just wondering how I should think about that? Is that just your best guess, should we expect that to move around or is there potential upside elsewhere or downside that we're not sure of elsewhere?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, lets do both of them. Interest expense, there's no doubt, we've got a little more cash in earlier in the year. We ended up in a better position at year-end last year and we've had a better performance earlier in the year than what we expected and rates are a little bit better on the CP side of things. So, that's real performance that's happening on the interest expense side. On the corporate expense numbers, unfortunately the way we have to account for our hedge of our stock price is all of the noise you are seeing. Our corporate expenses are highly predictable, they are highly stable quarter after quarter after quarter and all of that variability you see on the corporate line is offset dollar-for-dollar on the tax line with virtually no EPS impact. So, I apologize for the accounting rules because they sure do make it confusing and difficult for everyone, but there is really nothing on the corporate side that's running through and causing any kind of EPS noise, it just causes line item noise.
Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And I guess with respect to finance, I know we are going to get more in the August 6 call, but could you give us a sense what each of the subsegments did, you have the 10-Q from Finance yet just to give us a better sense of where we saw, I mean, did distribution finance have a loss in the quarter, did golf finance have a loss, that type of stuff?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I don't have the final details for the queue level, we may be able to get it if you give us a second. But clearly, distribution finance and golf finance were the two that had the most difficulties. We have businesses like resorts and aviation that are ahead of plan and doing very, very well. But the big hits were in those two businesses, distribution finance on kind of a homogenous business basis because we did see higher levels of chargeoffs and issues arise late in the quarter that are consumer durable-related in markets and that's across a broad range of businesses where the golf business was all the single hit. The bottom line, yes, distribution finance lost $3 million and golf lost $7 million.
Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you. And just one last one, as we think about margins, I mean, I always kind of look at that cost performance number that you guys give on the cargo analysis, and it looks like it was certainly an acceleration from the first quarter as we think about kind of lean implementation and Six Sigma, maybe Lewis, give us your sense of where you think the company is in terms of just how much upside is left when you think about the cost performance?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we had more upside than we have seen so far, really we've had a lot of big meetings this first quarter trying to take a look at the progress we've made, and where we can improve and what areas we ought to tackle next, and have been meeting with over 200 some folks and attendants discussing that topic. And I would expect that we have, like I said, more to be gained than we picked up. What happens in the factories and in the offices is, you gain momentum by having a few successes and a few more and a few more, and then pretty soon it's kind of just becomes a natural part of the DNA and that's whats starting to take place. So, Nicole, I expect us to continue to make big gains in productivity improvement, whether it's processing an invoice or producing a business jet for the next decade really. And I'm excited about it.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I'd just add. In spite of what looked like very good numbers there on cost performance over many, many quarters here, that number often includes a lot of investments that we've been making in the future. So it's held back to some extent.
Nicole M. Parent - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Super. Thank you.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Operator: And next we go to the line of Robert Vallard from Macquarie. Please go ahead. Excuse me, Robert Stallard, I apologize.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc: That's all right. Thank you very much. Good morning everyone.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Morning, Rob.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc: I first got a couple of questions actually about Cessna. Lewis, you might be the best person for it. I was wondering if you could comment on how U.S. demand has tracked year-to-date for new orders and how you expect that to progress in the second half?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, well the U.S. demand is tracking about where we expected and the forward forecast for U.S. demand stays strong. International demand is stronger than we would have predicted last year, although we kind of caught up with our forecast early in the year and saw what was happening internationally. But, the mix is pretty solid internationally, in fact more solid than I think anyone predicted. We're seeing some, I'm going to say probably 70% of the current order book.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Year-to-date.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Year-to-date, being international and about 27% being domestic, which is really how we like to see it right now. And we've got pretty good distribution across Europe, Latin America, Asia-Pacific, just a good balance. So actually our order mix is flowing just about exactly as we thought it would. So that's a positive story from my standpoint.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc: And if we look at some of the traditional lead indicators of where the U.S. market is going, what are you seeing on things like usage, second hand availability and pricing?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, pricing has been fine except, if you think about it, we're three, we're out two or three years on delivery, so anything you do on price now affects something delivered in 2010 so pricing is whatever it is. As far as use is concerned, its, I'd say, pretty normalized. I think it's around between 11% and 12% now, which is kind of where we like to see it. We have seen no observable deterioration in any of our prospective customers' financial situation, and that's good, no major softness in tractional, as I said, order cancellation is only two. Our sales force has come back and said that they think our order rate for this year should exceed 570, that's not a forced number, that's an up from the grass roots number, kind of. So, and youre not seeing any big competitor looming up over us going to take our share away. So I think the concern over Cessna's future health is anyone that has a concern like that has probably misplaced. As far as we can see, every factor we look at is at least neutral if not positive.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc: And just finally, if you were to look at the last downturn, you mentioned that there were some cancellations last time around. What sort of percentage was the backlog do you think is potentially at risk in a worst-case scenario?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Would you say that last sentence again, I missed it, did you say what percentage of backlog?
Robert Stallard - Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc: Yeah. With this what percentage of the backlog do you think this is potentially at risk [inaudible]?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Last time, we saw two years in a row with about 10% of beginning backlog cancelled within each of those years. But again the bigger impact was order intake falloff rather than cancellations. But that's what happened the last time and that was the worst down cycle that we've seen in general aviation for as long we've been watching them.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc: That's great. Thank you very much.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Bob, just to clarify, on that basis, in the last down cycle, over a period of three years we had a total of 170 orders cancelled and we expect something less than that will occur over the next three years and two months or two quarters into it, we've got two. So I'd say we're tracking pretty well so far.
Robert Stallard - Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And next we go to the line of David Strauss with UBS. Please go ahead.
David Strauss - UBS: Thanks.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey David.
David Strauss - UBS: Good morning.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
David Strauss - UBS: Obviously new order activity at Cessna is still very strong. What about your service business? What did it look like in the quarter and what are you thinking for that business moving forward?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You mean Cessna service?
David Strauss - UBS: Yeah, Cessna service.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it continues to increase year-over-year as far our revenues and also profits. We have not seen the slowness that some of the commercial aftermarket people have been talking about though. And I would even circle back to the question that Rob asked, because in his question he included usage, and while usage on business jets on a per jet basis is down slightly, we've never seen a correlation between usage and the jet cycles. In fact in the last cycle, usage went up because usually when people have the jet they use it and they may choose to defer or not fly as many discretionary trips, but it hasn't provided a real meaningful look.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Service business was up 19.2% versus prior year in the quarter.
David Strauss - UBS: Okay. Great. And then you talked about you haven't seen really any cancellations, but are you seeing any more delivery slots being put up for sale in the market?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No. That's not permitted at Cessna.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we haven't really...
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Our customers are not allowed to sell a slot.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Occasionally, one will sneak through on us and I mean, one out of 570 orders. So, it's kind of a small number, but that's really an anomaly because we don't allow it.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We have a pretty darn good due diligence process on anybody that places an order. We just don't take the order and say, thank you very much. We know every one of our customers, we know what they're why they're buying the plane, we know what they're selling, we know a lot about our customer base.
David Strauss  UBS: Yes. And one last one. Do you, Ted, do you know what the total loan loss provision was in the quarter and at TFC and the total charge-offs. And then, what you're whats basically baked into your $130 million forecast for the rest of the year?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, the total provision in the second quarter was 40 against charge-offs of 19. So we built reserves of 21. The year-to-date provision is 67 against charge-offs of 30. So, we built 37 of reserves year-to-date. Our expectation is a charge-off is a provision number for the full year somewhere in the 110 to 120 kind of range. I don't have I have a full-year charge-off rate, but I don't have a full-year charge-off dollar. We'll see if we can find that for you.
David Strauss - UBS: Okay, or the rate would be fine.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The full-year rate we think is going to go to about 50 basis points. That's up from about an unbelievable 25 over the last couple of years.
David Strauss - UBS: Okay. Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: And next we go to the line of Harry Nourse from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Harry Nourse - Bank of America: Good morning.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Harry Nourse - Bank of America: I was wondering whether you could just quickly get into about Defense and Intelligence. If you had $8 million of benefit... I mean, if your margin was just north of 11% in the quarter, its going to go down to about 9.5% for the rest of the year. Can you just explain a bit further why its going to go down?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No. I'm not sure I can right now.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I think the $8 million was just the ASV. There were...
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: There were some other program investments.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Investments at AAI [inaudible].
Harry Nourse - Bank of America: Okay.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And the... and we just reduced expectations, as you roll the pricing forward on the basis of your past performance, then you have a lower target margin in the program going forward.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Right.
Harry Nourse - Bank of America: Okay. And on Industrial, can you just give a bit more detail on the cost grade, perhaps give an idea of how much of your operating costs oil now takes up?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I've got I know the year-over-year impacts. I don't know too specifically. Let's just see, this is not Industrial either, this is everyone.
Harry Nourse - Bank of America: Okay.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: All the major commodities across the Industrial businesses are up, forecasted to be about an $80 million increase this year. And of course we are out trying to price through as much of that as we can, and some of our businesses are fairly successful in doing it. Our most challenged in doing it in the short-term is Kautex, where resin prices have been significant, with probably total company hit on resin costs this year is over $30 million. And in the year, we're not going to get... we'll get half or better of that back, but we're not going to get much more than that back in the year. We are working hard to renegotiate our commercial contracts to put more and more passthrough clauses in, so that we can have a more immediate adjustment to those kind of costs. But, in the short-term, we don't have that.
Harry Nourse - Bank of America: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: And next we go on to the line of Cai von Rumohr from Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co., LLC: Yes. Thank you very much. Your guidance for this year implies that the margins pop up in the fourth quarter at Cessna, and yet your delivery plans for next year, if we kind of back out the Mustang where at one point you talked about going from 100 to 150, really only implies a 4% increase in Citation jets. Is that conservative or is the idea that you'll get the big uptick in the Mustang and much less growth in the Citations?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think that's a problem of being too literal. We are going to do about 100 Mustangs this year, and about 150 next year. But, it's not necessary, you can't just simply take that as a guarantee, there is going to be a 50 increase. Maybe a little different number than that. But, I think it's, as Lewis said, we are going to do what we can to try to get a few more units out. I think that's a solid number. We feel very comfortable. We have all of our supply base lined up to deliver that number for next year. But, we have customers that would like us to do more, and if we can we'll try to get a few more out. But it's not going to be a material difference.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co., LLC: Okay. And then you...
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hey, let me just follow up on that, Cai, I mean, again going back to Lewis's comments about, you have to look at the planning process and it's not like, okay, let's decide how many jets we are going to ship next year? In a large way, that decision was made a year or more ago. Two, three years ago, in some cases with respect to your supply chain. So, what has happened is that as we've seen orders come from the international markets as this S curve adoption has come along, we have raised considerably our outlook for world shipments on a systemic basis. And so, basically capacity now has to catch up with that, that new view where we are heading to over the next five years to a 700 level. So, we are very capacity constraint relative to the supply chain and we could get a couple of more out of there maybe but it... I would not characterize our view of next year as a conservative view, it's really what we think we can do.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And where you can assume we are already executing, we are two years into what will probably now be a seven-year plan to put capacity up at Cessna. And those plans are set in place and discussed with all of the supply chain to get everyone on board and it's not something we can jerk round by 20 airplanes in one year because there is a stronger backlog.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co., LLC: Could you follow up, I thought you're basically saying the upper end still looks good, which seems to be the trends we are seeing in the biz jet market particularly if your international business is strong I would assume that would say the upper end of your product line and obviously the Mustang too would be where you are seeing the strength, can you give us any color just generally about the upper versus the lower end of the line in terms of order strength?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's pretty balanced. It's amazingly balanced. Actually, I'm trying to think there are not many models you can get in 2010 actually.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's age of model rather than sign. Probably the most available aircraft we have is the [inaudible] Plus and it's one of our longest in the two aircrafts. So, it's more a function of how recently we have developed the product versus high-end, low-end. The Mustangs are selling like crazy.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co., LLC: Okay terrific. Thank you very much.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: And we have a question from Ron Epstein from Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi Ron.
Ronald J. Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Hi guys. A quick question for you. At Bell, on the commercial side, you guys discussed what kind of pricing increases you've seen over the past couple of years?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We've, well the last the couple of years has probably been close to double-digits two years ago, and then it was moderated. This last year down to kind of mid single-digits, but it's been very strong we kind of took one-step function up. I want to say almost 24 months ago, maybe off by a quarter or two, we took a pretty big step function increase when the demand really started to build up out there. And last year, we didn't need to do quite as much, but I think it was still somewhere between 4% and 5%. I mean, the interesting thing now is that we have backlog in the commercial helicopter business that we've never had before in this business. So we've got of our four major models and we are now reconfiguring and we are discontinuing a few models to focus on the long 206, the 407, the 412 and the 429. Other than the 412, which has some near-term availability, the 206 and the 407 are out to 2010. And obviously the 429, which hasnt launched yet is booked out to 2014.
Ronald J. Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. And then another quick question, I think you mentioned the flight hours flown for business aviation year-to-date, do you guys have an idea of where that's gone?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, total flight hours flown is up, but flight hours on a same ship basis is off just a touch. In fact, until about last month, for about six months in a row, we were seeing utilization rates. So that's an existing aircraft flying extra number of hours this year versus last year, down just this close, which we think is somewhat fuel price related, but that number has been overwhelmed by the fleet size growth in the one year or so, obviously it's not a very big number. So, total flight hours is up, flight hours on a per ship basis is just marginally down.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And I think where most of that decrease in utilization per ship is coming in the fractional segment of the market, where people who in the past have a tendency to fly more hours than they purchased are kind of economizing to stick within their hours but they are the ones to see the fuel surcharge right on the invoice
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Whereas most of our customers don't see that quite so obviously.
Ronald J. Epstein - Merrill Lynch: All right. Great. Super, guys. Thank you.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: All right. Leah, do we have any more questions in queue?
Operator: No, we do not.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Great then, thanks everybody for joining us and have a good day. I hope to talk with you on 26th.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you all.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference is available for digitized replay after 11 A.M. Eastern Time today through October 15 at midnight. You may access the AT&T executive replay service at any time by dialing 1-320-365-3844 with the access code of 896297. Again, the digitized replay is available after 11 A.M. Eastern Time today through October 15 at midnight and you may dial 1-320-365-3844 with the access code of 896297. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and using AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-17 12:45:00) =====
Executives: Douglas R. Wilburne - VP, IR Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and CEO Ted R. French - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Nicole Parent - Credit Suisse Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup Investment Research Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Cai von Rumohr - Cowen & Co.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Textron's First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Doug Wilburne. Please go ahead, sir.
Douglas R. Wilburne  Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks, Alex, and good morning everyone. Joining me today are Lewis Campbell, Textron's Chief Executive Officer and Ted French, Ted is Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin I'd like to mention, our discussion today will include remarks about future estimates and expectations. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our annual SEC filings and also in today's press release. Finally, you can also find a slide deck containing key data items from today's call in the IR section of our website. Beginning with this quarter, we are reporting Textron Systems as a separate new segment. We've named this segment Defense and Intelligence. Correspondingly, Bell Helicopter will also be reported separately as the Bell segment. Historical financial statements have been recast to reflect the new segment reporting structure, and these recast financials for the years 03 through 07 can be downloaded from the Investor Relations section of our company's website. Moving now to our results for the first quarter. Revenues were $3.5 billion, up 18.7% from last year's first quarter. Earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.93, up 19.2% from $0.78 a year ago. You'll see on the free cash flow calculation attached to our press release that weve modified our calculation to make our definition more consistent with that being used by most of our peers. Our new definition no longer includes adjustments for capitalized leases and will result in a slightly lower reported free cash flow for the year, but we're not changing our targets. A schedule of free cash flow for the years 2003 through 2007 is included in our key data package accompanying today's call, which again is available on our website. So, free cash flow in the quarter on this new basis was $78 million compared to $28 million a year ago. With that, I'll turn the call over to Lewis.
Lewis B. Campbell  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Doug, and good morning everyone. With our strong first quarter results, we're not only off to a good start for the year, but we also created excellent future growth opportunity, as global demand continues to be brisk across our aircraft and defense businesses, which in turn led to another significant expansion in our backlog during the quarter reaching a new record level. One major contributor to expanding backlog during the quarter came from the V-22 program, as we booked $1.2 billion for the first lot from the new multi-year contract that we inked with the DoD in March. We're quite pleased that we're able to reach an agreement for a multi-year commitment, because that essentially removes funding risk, it provides a predictable supply chain environment, and allows us now to focus even more strongly on production improvement and costs. The new contract calls for 167 total units over five lots with deliveries beginning in late 2009 and running through October 2014, and we'll be reaching an annual production rate of 38 per year by 2013. Importantly, the customer also has an option to add five additional units each fiscal year, so there is potential upside there depending on funding availability and mutually agreeable delivery dates. And looking even further in the future, we look forward to additional multi-year contracts at the conclusion of this one, and by that time possibly producing for foreign military demand as well. In the meantime, we're now fully engaged with our supply chain to effect this substantial ramp up in delivery volume and to be prepared for even higher levels of demand, should the government exercise any of its options. We also had a nice addition to the backlog at the commercial side of Bell, as we added 51 new helicopter orders reflecting strong demand at the Singapore Air Show and HAI. And we have additional purchase agreements from the shows that will go into backlog, as we complete the contractual requirements necessary to put them into backlog, including orders for the 429. And operationally at Bell, we had good margin performance in our commercial business, as cost reductions and positive pricing contributed to improved profitability. On the H-1 program, this aircraft continues in Phase II of operation evaluation as it should be, and we anticipate a successful outcome later this summer. Also during the quarter, we came to an agreement with our new cabin supplier with respect to revised delivery schedule and cost targets and we're new working these issues with the customer for future lots. A Defense Acquisition Board review for a full rate production decision on the H-1 is scheduled for early fall, and we anticipate a contract award for Lot 5, which calls for 15 aircraft soon after that. On the Armed Reconnaissance Helicopter or ARH, systems development and demonstration activity is going well, and we just received the RFP for the first two lots, which call for 38 aircraft with deliveries beginning in earnest in 2010. We're now working on contractual details of the ARH program with our customer. Turning to Cessna, demand also continues unabated at our Cessna unit, as we booked 235 new jet orders. We're quite pleased that this included 36 of our new Columbus model, an excellent start on the initial order book, as well as another validation of the general business jet demand environment. Additionally, we're excited that we booked our 500th Mustang order during the quarter, an impressive milestone for this young aircraft. With our target annual production rate of 150 units, we now have Mustang backlog into 2011. Geographically, the overall order pace for business jets on the international front remains robust. However, I have to be quick to point out that the U.S. demand is also strong, as we took 80 orders during the quarter. So, with another quarter of solid global demand, our expectation for increasing jet deliveries over at least the next three years remains solidly intact. We also saw strong demand for our newly acquired model 350 and 400 high-performance single-engine products and increased 2009 production plans as a result. On the other hand, we are seeing some slowing in demand for our legacy single-engine piston line in Independence. Financial performance at Cessna was also excellent once again, as we made up most of the profit shortfall associated with delivering nine fewer jets than expected in the quarter. By the way, these delivery misses derived primarily from transactional issues around international deliveries, not production shortfalls. And therefore, we're confident we can hit our full-year target of 470 jets. Turning now to our new Defense and Intelligence segment, the integration of AAI is going quite well. In fact, well enough that we just announced the promotion of Fred Strader, he was the former head of AAI to the position of chief operating unit... Chief Operating Officer for the entire segment. We backfilled Fred's position with Ellen Lord, who was an executive at Textron Systems. Earlier this week with our partners, Boeing and SAIC, we submitted a proposal for the 27-month technology and development phase of the JLTV program, which is a family of future light tactical vehicles for the U.S. Army and Marine Corps. With an estimated 10-year contract value of $30 billion, the JTLV is an important program and we will be making the appropriate developmental expenditures to make our offering competitive. At Industrial, excluding foreign exchange, revenue was up about 1%. E-Z-GO and Jake were down reflecting soft golf and turf markets. However, E-Z-GO had a very successful launch of the new RXV golf car, and based on that excellent response we've increased our mix of RXVs in our production targets for the year. Organically, Greenlee was approximately flat in the quarter, but has begun to see a slight falloff in demand in future quarters. On the other hand, we have a strong year at Fluid & Power with record backlogs and double-digit revenue growth in the quarter. And we're holding our own to Kautex, as global volumes were up ever so slightly as the rest of the world overcame weakness in the U.S. Finally, I'll make a few comments about Textron Financial. Coming into the year, we discussed our expectations for higher loan loss provisions and unfavorable borrowing spreads, which was the primary reason our original outlook was flat on a year-over-year basis. As it turned out, the first quarter was worse than we had planned on both of these accounts. Ted will get into the first quarter details in a minute. But let me continue with a few comments relative to the rest of the year at finance. Our revised outlook now reflects a more conservative view based on the expectation that the general economy continues to soften moderately and corporate financing markets remain challenging, but do not deteriorate too much further. On this basis, we're reasonably confident in our outlook reflecting the high quality of asset classes in our portfolio and the rigor of our traditional strong conservative underwriting process. However, we recognize in today's environment there is a risk to any finance outlook, but we believe our risk at TFC is manageable. And importantly, we believe the strength and opportunities in the rest of our enterprise substantially offset this risk. That's a key point. In conclusion, we're very pleased with the first quarter, both on the basis of what we've accomplished and in terms of what it signals for our future. We continue to work on our transformation journey, and our selection as one of Fortune's Most Admired Companies this year was confirmation that we are indeed making progress. But let me assure you that that recognition has not caused us to relax in any way relative to our commitment to continuous improvement and our strong determination to create increasing shareholder value well into the future. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ted.
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Lewis. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for being here with us. I want to start with a comment about our aircraft and defense backlog, because as large as it is at $22 billion, with the V-22 multi-year it's really over $26 billion if you allow for the unfunded portion of the contract. And on top of that, keep in mind we have another $1 billion in potential backlog for the Bell 429. So, while we have to carefully navigate our way through the current economic challenges, we have tremendous growth ahead of us with excellent visibility. Now, let's move back to our analysis of what drove first quarter results. Earnings per share from continuing operations were up $0.15 from a year ago, volume and mix provided $0.07, higher pricing of about 2.8% added $0.22 a share, and inflation also 2.8% cost about $0.18 a share. Performance was a positive $0.15 and miscellaneous items, including favorable foreign exchange and a lower share count collectively provided about $0.03. The headwinds of engineering, R&D, and depreciation cost a dime, Textron Financial was lower by $0.03, and corporate expense cost us about a penny. You may be wondering how a $10 million year-over-year decrease in corporate expenses, if you look at our financial statements, could result in an unfavorable EPS causal impact. The answer lies in understanding how we hedge our stock-based compensation exposure to Textrons stock price movements. Due to the non-taxable nature of gains or losses from the hedge, the impact flows through both corporate expense and the tax rate. Taken together, the effect is EPS neutral, and we remove the impact from both corporate expense and tax rate when we do our causal analysis. So, excluding the impact that our drop in share price had on compensation expense, corporate expenses were actually up about $2 million, which rounds to about a penny a share. Now, let's review each segment starting with Cessna. Cessna's revenues increased $278 million in the quarter from last year, reflecting delivery of 95 jets compared to 67 last year, improved pricing, and revenues from the Columbia acquisition. Segment profits were up $52 million, reflecting the additional 28 jets, improved pricing, and favorable warranty performance, partially offset by inflation and increased engineering and product development expense. Cessna's backlog at the end of Q1 was $14.5 billion, up from $12.6 billion at the end of 07. Bell's revenues decreased $6 million for the first quarter, while segment profits were up $28 million. As a reminder, these results are for Bell Helicopter, as the new Defense and Intelligence segment results would follow. U.S. Government revenues increased $50 million in the quarter due to higher V-22 volume and higher spares and service revenue. These increases were partially offset by lower H-1 program revenue. Revenues for the commercial business were down $56 million due to lower helicopter volume, partially offset by higher pricing and a benefit from newly acquired businesses. The lower volume reflects our emphasis this year to support long-lead component manufacturing for the V-22 ramp up. In the meantime, we're making the necessary manufacturing capacity adds to allow us to significantly ramp commercial deliveries over the next several years. U.S. Government profits increased $27 million as a result of improved cost performance and higher volume. Improved cost performance reflected the impact of a $25 million charge for the H-1... excuse me, the ARH program that we took in the first quarter of last year. In the H-1 program during the quarter, we recorded $4.5 million in net cost, reflecting a number of items, including a charge for the impact of the cabin supply issue on the remaining Lot 3 and Lot 4 deliveries. On the commercial side of the business, profit was up $1 million, as favorable program performance and higher pricing more than offset the unfavorable impact of lower volume and inflation. I want to point out that the impact of the favorable commercial margin performance while continuing will not be at the same magnitude through the year, so we're forecasting slightly lower margins at Bell for the rest of the year. Bell Helicopter backlog at the end of the first quarter was $5.2 billion, up from $3.8 billion at year-end 07. Moving to the Defense and Intelligence segment, revenues increased $216 million in the quarter due to the acquisition of AAI, partially offset by the impact of a reimbursement related to Hurricane Katrina in the first quarter of 07. Segment profits increased $5 million year-over-year, reflecting the benefit of the AAI acquisition and ASV program adjustments to recognize positive program performance, partially offset by last year's $28 million Katrina reimbursement, inflation, and unfavorable pricing. The ASV benefit in the first quarter is not expected to repeat, so we expect lower margins at D&I for the balance of the year. Backlog at the segment was $2.3 billion, down slightly from year-end. Revenues in the Industrial segment increased $62 million, reflecting favorable foreign exchange and higher pricing, which more than offset slightly lower overall volumes. Lower volumes reflected decreases at Jacobson and E-Z-GO offsetting increases at Fluid & Power and Kautex. Profit decreased $10 million, as higher pricing only partially offset inflation and asset impairment at Kautex and project launch costs at E-Z-GO. Revenues in the Finance segment increased $4 million. This increase reflects an increase in securitization gains and other fee income, higher revenues resulting from higher average finance receivables, and the impact of a residual value impairment charge last year, partially offset by a decline in market interest rates. Profit in the Finance segment was down $10 million due to an increase in the provision for loan losses, primarily in our asset-based lending and distribution finance businesses, and an increase in borrowing costs caused by market conditions, partially offset by the increase in securitization gains and other income. The 60-day delinquency percentage declined to 0.33% of finance receivables from 0.43% at the end of last year. However, non-performing assets increased to 1.84% of finance assets, up from 1.34%, but still well within a normal range. The higher NPA primarily reflected softer credit performance in the asset-based lending and distribution finance portfolios, while NPAs remained favorable in our resort, aviation, and golf portfolios. Now for our earnings outlook. For the full year, we're forecasting EPS in the range of $3.80 to $4.00 a share, and for the second quarter we expect earnings between $0.90 and $1.00 a share. Our cash flow provided by continuing operations forecast of about $1.3 billion remains unchanged. And likewise, our 08 capital program forecast remains about $550 million, which results in expected free cash flow between $700 million and $750 million. In closing, we're pleased with our performance in the first quarter, and in spite of remaining economic risk at our Finance and Industrial segments, we remain reasonably confident about the rest of this year. And now I'm going to turn it over to Doug to give you some additional 08 modeling information.
Douglas R. Wilburne  Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Ted. I'll begin with our second quarter outlook. At Cessna, we're expecting revenue to be approximately $1.5 billion with margins of about 16.5%. Our expectation assumes about 115 jet deliveries for the quarter. At Bell, we expect second quarter revenue of around $575 million with margins of about 8%. These revenues reflect anticipated deliveries of three V-22s, one H-1, and about 35 commercial helicopters. At D&I or Defense and Intelligence, we're expecting revenue to be $540 million, with margins of about 9.5%. This forecast reflects about 150 ASV deliveries. Industrial revenue is expected to be approximately $1 billion, with margins around 6%. Finance revenues are projected to come in at $180 million, with segment profit of about $45 million. Now for the full year. No appreciable change for Cessna, but to recap we're expecting 08 revenue of approximately $6 billion on delivery of about 470 jets, with margins around 16.5%. At Bell, we expect revenue of around $2.6 billion, with margins of 8.5%. Our full-year delivery forecast reflects 17 V-22 deliveries, nine H-1s, which is one fewer than our previous estimate, and about 160 commercial helicopters. At D&I, we're expecting revenue to be about $2.2 billion, with margins of 10%. Industrial revenue is expected to be approximately $3.7 billion, slightly higher than our previous target primarily due to foreign exchange, with margins of approximately 5.5% to 6% reflecting higher commodity costs driven by the weaker dollar. At our Finance segment, our new outlook is for revenues of $765 million, with segment profit of around $200 million. We expect interest expense of about $135 million on the year and corporate expenses of $240 million. Our full-year tax rate is expected to be about 32.5%. With that, that concludes our prepared remarks, and before we go to questions, we'll ask that each of you please limit yourself to one question with an optional follow-up to be fair to the other callers. So, Alex, with that we're now ready to open the lines. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Nicole Parent with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Nicole Parent  Credit Suisse: Good morning.
Lewis B. Campbell  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Nicole.
Nicole Parent  Credit Suisse: Yes, first just on deliveries as we think about kind of the quarterly space out, it looks like Mustang is going to be back-half loaded. Could you just give us a sense, I guess, first on how you see the mix working out, and then also were there any particular timing issues in the first quarter versus what you're expecting?
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The timing relative to deliveries?
Nicole Parent  Credit Suisse: Yes.
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We had a number of international deliveries that didn't get delivered in the first quarter that we had had previously in our forecast. And they are all a variety of kind of strange events, but not strange in some respects, because we've anticipated that as we get a larger and larger international mix, deliveries are a little bit more challenging from a timing standpoint. So, I won't give you too many anecdotes, but we had a wire transfer that went into the wrong account and didn't arrive until a day late that missed a delivery. We had a strike in Brazil with the regulatory authorities, we couldn't get a plane certified, missed a delivery. There are a number of things like that. All of the aircraft were built during the quarter, so we're in good shape from a production standpoint. Your other question relative to Mustang, Mustangs very much are back-end loaded. We delivered 15 Mustangs in Q1, and we'll ramp all the way up to 38 Mustangs in the fourth quarter. So, that has a couple of impacts. It obviously gives us a lot of confidence. We're going to get our total production for the year because those are coming out of a separate plant and its ramp up is going very well. It obviously also does have some margin impacts, as we get both ramp up related expenses and then lower margins at the early stages of a new aircraft on the Mustangs, as they went from being $35 million of revenue in Q1, they're going to be almost $275 million for the year. So, that does have a pretty meaningful impact.
Nicole Parent  Credit Suisse: Great. And Lewis, you commented on U.S. orders specifically, which I don't recall you guys doing that previously. Could you give us a sense of V80 [ph], is that an acceleration in the U.S., a deceleration, and how should we think about that?
Lewis B. Campbell  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I would say if you... I'd say it's pretty balanced actually. We didn't think it would come in that strong. Orders, in total, are stronger than we thought when we entered the year obviously. So, the backlog number and the order rate is exceptionally strong and continues to prove that both international and domestic customers really want our products. What I found interesting, Nicole, to expand on that a little bit, is we usually get the question of what does the backlog look like? The backlog actually is split just about 50/50, international and domestic. So, that's a good way of thinking about it, just coincidentally. And if you then take another look at it, small business, less than Fortune... smaller than Fortune 500 businesses add about 30% to that and individuals, including NetJets, which is 10 plus individual buys, which is about eight. So, you've got a good spread of desire across U.S. constituencies, and then I don't have the breakout of international, but as I said it's about half of our total backlog. Our total backlog in units is about $1.5 billion.
Nicole Parent  Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you. [inaudible].
Lewis B. Campbell  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sorry.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: 1,500.
Nicole Parent  Credit Suisse: Got it.
Douglas R. Wilburne  Vice President, Investor Relations: 1,550.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi Shan.
Shannon O'Callaghan  Lehman Brothers: Good morning, guys. Hey Ted, can you just go through what your expectations are around TFC, as you look out the rest of the year, given what you're seeing going on inside the business? I mean how bad do you think it can get assuming what... the deteriorating situation we've seen broadly in the economy and what are you assuming?
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, let me give you a couple of data points here. There are really two things that happened to us to knock us off plan in the first quarter. One was another hit or a bigger hit than we had forecasted around the indices mismatch issue, and I think that's going to turn around pretty nicely for us. That cost us, we had about $3.5 million in the forecast and it cost us closer to $8 million to $10 million depending on how you calculate it. But really kind of flukish [ph] in the quarter, because the Fed dropped the Fed fund rates so rapidly, with a 75% followed by another 50% basis point drop that LIBOR did not do a good job this time of anticipating, which it usually does better. So, when that happens, we got a lot of negative re-pricing to our customers that we didnt offset and we gapped out a little bit. The positive thing going forward, its not to say that cant positively happen again, but I don't think you're going to see that kind of reduction happen again. And then the very positive thing for us is, as of the end of the first quarter about $2 billion of our portfolio had hit their what we call prime floors, where customers prime rate cant drop below a fixed amount, no matter how low interest rates go. So, I think we are through the worst of that, but given how these credit markets have behaved, I'm not going to say that ecstatically. But I think we are. And then the other thing that happened to us in the quarter was around loan loss provisions, and it was really isolated to mostly one business. We have a very small business inside of our asset-based lending called the Financial Company Services where we lend to small finance companies. Its about 2% of our total portfolio and inside of that there is about half of that or about a little over $130 million of exposure is to guys whose collateral is residential real estate and we all know what's going on in the residential real estate market. So, we spent a lot of the quarter going out and looking at each of those clients, it's only six accounts that we have concerns about and weve looked at them and done a lot of appraisals of their residential real estates, collateral, and concluded that we needed to put up fairly substantial reserves against that amount. And with what weve done in this quarter, we now have almost $20 million of reserves against that $130 million portfolio. So, hopefully there weve also kind of taken all of the whack, but to be a little more conservative we did miss our plan by $10 million in the quarter, but we took down the rest of the year by another $10 million to, say, $200 million as a guidance number. We've done a bunch of modeling, looking at worse case, best case, how do we counter... plan that and get back to where we wanted to be for the year. And our range in outcomes probably looks anywhere from $175 million worse case to $215 million best case. So, we take $200 million as the most reasonable answer right now, but clearly it's hard to be precise than the finance businesses today. But if you think about it, that's probably in my 90% confidence interval, but it will be somewhere in that range. And clearly if that's the case, that's easily absorbed within the overall range of guidance for the company.
Shannon OCallaghan  Lehman Brothers: Okay, thanks a lot. That helps. And then just on Bell, can you talk through some of these positives, again you can just give maybe repeat the numbers and tell us if theres any other things that don't repeat. I mean you had the Bell piece at a little over 9% margin and the D&I a little over 12%, obviously both of them have to go down a decent amount to get to the guidance for the year. So, can you just size the non-repeatable benefits?
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, we did have. It's hard to call things non-repeatable at Bell, because as you know weve got a lot of program adjustments that just happen all the time. But clearly on the commercial side, we had very, very strong program adjustments, about $10 million favorable was across a number of programs. The single biggest pickup though is definitely not going to be repeatable, although it's a good news story for the future and that's on the Bell 427, which is a helicopter we're still building. The end of its life is coming, as we are introducing the 429. We had marked down that program and taken lots of charge-offs back over the years based on unsold units based on an expectation of what pricing is going to be. And with the tremendous robustness that we are seeing in the commercial helicopter space right now, we have dramatically increased the price of that helicopter and pretty much sold out the rest of its life. That alone picked up $6 million in the quarter and will now result and that being a profitable program for the rest of its production run, where it had been a breakeven program than our prior expectations. But that won't... that'll be smaller amounts each quarter as units get delivered. So, I would call that largely a one timer and those commercial adjustments unlike they could be as strong. On the other hand, we had a small net negative charge on H-1 during the quarter as well. So, it's really hard to honestly say this or that item is totally a one timer at Bell because we got a collection of them, but clearly our forecast going forward doesn't have those commercial impacts repeating. So, we do have a lower margin assumed for the balance of the year. They also had by the way a we are ramping up IR&D and overhead rates at Bell along our program for new product development, as well as capacity expansion. And they are a little behind in the first quarter, so that was good news for the quarter. Bell was still trying hard to make that all up and spend it by the time the year is over. We may have some opportunity if some of that slips out, but we really do need to get all that work done. So, it's getting a little bit back-end loaded as well.
Shannon OCallaghan  Lehman Brothers: And then just the... and the ASV or any other benefits in the D&I piece?
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, huge. ASV benefit in the quarter we closed out the first two contract lots for ASV and had a [inaudible] $15 million benefit come out of that. I think there is potentially more good news coming out of ASVs, as we get well down the learning curve and we're doing well on it. But that was clearly a big one timer in the quarter.
Shannon OCallaghan  Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Citigroup Investment Research. Please go ahead.
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague  Citigroup Investment Research: Hi, thanks, good morning everyone.
Lewis B. Campbell  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague  Citigroup Investment Research: Maybe just a follow-up, a quick one on Bell and the miscellaneous charges and everything. I think you guys actually thought you overcompensated on this cabin issue in Q4 and maybe we're going to get some back from the supplier and yet you've taken a little bit more. Do you see any signs of that reversing back later in the year and is there an open item on this helmet yet that maybe is a question mark on H-1 costs over the course of the year?
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: On the cabin supply, we... at the end of last quarter we booked our best estimate based on our position with the supplier. Obviously, they were asking for a different number than we were, but we have now completed negotiations and reached a conclusion with the supplier around... as much of a schedule has cost and what the schedule changes due to the overall program cost profile and that's what we booked in the second quarter. So, I don't think there is any change coming to that.
Lewis B. Campbell  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Jeff, this is Lewis. On the helmet, well, let me just say a couple of things. You may not recall, but the Phase II operation evaluation has been a planned event since we exited Phase I because the helmet the government picked once the war fighter flew it, they decided they didn't like that design. So, they decided to change it. That's a government furnished specified gear, it's not ours, but still on our helicopter. And so operation evaluation, Phase II started as it was supposed to and we also cleaned up some issues from up about one that just ought to be cleaned up just because it makes a better helicopter. Second, the war fighter really needs this machine because it outperforms its existing models in the field dramatically. And so, this is how we are going to see through to fruition, this is how we are going to put into combat as quickly as we can, and there is no there is all pull and no push back on this one from the government, I can tell you that. I dont we don't really have any visibility on Phase II up above because they put kind of a cone of silence around that. And so you don't really know till you exit what the result is, but truthfully this is in such high demand and there is no other alternative for this product that no matter what comes out of operation evaluation, well fix it and go on down the road. So, it won't affect our production rate any because it's not a phasing time for us.
Jeffrey Sprague  Citigroup Investment Research: And could you give us a little bit color on how things are playing out with Columbus, obviously a good start, are you feeling good about that 70-unit target for the year?
Lewis B. Campbell  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I talked to Jack on a couple of times here this last month on a variety of different issues and yes, he feels pretty good about this. Golf, a pretty good start first quarter. You don't know how the economy is going to move up and down the balance of the year depending on who you read and on what particular day and then what publication, but assuming things stake out under the way we think they're going to stay, we feel pretty good about that number of 70, it might grow up or down a little bit. But the fact that you are getting that many orders for a plane thats not going to commerce for 2013 Christmas, that's a fabulous thing. Imagine laying a $1 million on the table and getting your first one get somewhat putting some more in and youll be able to fly your investment in 2014, for example. But it just shows how strong Cessnas brand is. So, I really feel good about this, that slightly got off to a good start. I think it represents the brand well and it represents our future well. So, I feel good about it.
Jeffrey Sprague  Citigroup Investment Research: 36 was ahead of the pace we thought we had at the end of March.
Lewis B. Campbell  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, really.
Jeffrey Sprague  Citigroup Investment Research: And we think about this going in the backlog at what $27 million, $28 million, that's the number that hit in the quarter?
Lewis B. Campbell  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, well, the first 50 at 26. So, those would have all been at 26.
Jeffrey Sprague  Citigroup Investment Research: And then just one quick follow-up on TSC, if I could. Ted, there was a lot of color you gave I think to Shannon's question. Just maybe additionally just what part of the balance sheet do we think of just being out of sync with this spread issue, your funding cost versus what you can charge to customers? And secondly, what will do securitizations to guidance this year?
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, we've got... it's about $8 billion out of our $11 billion plus is floating rate paper. Of that we have a little less than half of that thats got floor rates though. So, we are... that's the positive as we go forward. And we probably have about over $2 billion of floors that have actually already been tripped by the rates levels that we have today. So, going forward, we have less exposure to the mismatch and I also don't think we're going to see the kind of circumstances, of course, knock on wood, every time we think those credit markets are getting normal again, something else goes squarely. But I don't think we're going to see just because I don't think the Fed has the room to do what they did on a repeat in the first quarter again. So, I think that issue is largely behind us. But not to say there is zero risk. And I think the more interesting one is continuing to watch these portfolios where we have collateral that's getting stressed a little bit. We think we've looked at it pretty well, we've got a whole series of field reviews, we are going out to the field to every account in the whole Financial Company Services group during the second quarter. Weve got our strict process around what type of appraisals we have to get on what types of properties, etcetera. So, we will continue to be all over it, we probably had two full-day credit committee meetings that have only looked at these accounts. So, we think we have our hands around it. Could there be some more exposure? Yes. Is it a big number? I don't think so. And that's kind of why we took the guidance down to the $200 million mark.
Jeffrey Sprague  Citigroup Investment Research: And just securitizations?
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: What specifically?
Jeffrey Sprague  Citigroup Investment Research: How much are they going to be up year-over-year or are they going to be up year-over-year?
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In total securitzations, I think they will be up slightly, we did 62 in '06, 60 last year, and it will probably be up from that a little bit, this year we had...
Lewis B. Campbell  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Not much so.
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Not a lot, no.
Jeffrey Sprague  Citigroup Investment Research: Great. Thank you very much.
Lewis B. Campbell  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Stephen Tusa  JPMorgan: Hi, good morning.
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi Steve.
Lewis B. Campbell  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Steve.
Stephen Tusa  JPMorgan: Hi, just a question on the delivery misses this quarter and on previous quarters you guys have actually delivered an extra jet here or there and it has had an unusual impact. What are the... what's the impact on the margin of not delivering those eight extra plans. Is there any impact on the Cessna margin?
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, it would be modestly positive. I mean on an as-delivered basis because of the typical to ASR sales commissions on international delivery, they are a little bit less. It doesn't mean they are less long term because weve got more fixed infrastructure supporting the domestic deliveries, but on... in a quarter on a contribution margin basis, they are a little less. So, margins would have been helped by having those deliveries be missed.
Stephen Tusa  JPMorgan: Right. That's an extra $80 millionish of revenues that you are losing out on and those should fall through at an incrementally higher rate.
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I'm sorry.
Stephen Tusa  JPMorgan: $80 million of the incremental revenue that you are missing out on at a higher rate than what you reported?
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Less than $80 million. But no, we missed them, they would have been at a little lower rate.
Stephen Tusa  JPMorgan: Okay.
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: If we had delivered all the international... obviously, we would have higher revenues. But we probably would have had a slightly lower margin. But not around the year almost.
Stephen Tusa  JPMorgan: Okay. Got you. And then on the Bell side with regards to commercial, I mean how much price you're getting there now?
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It depends on the product. We have probably 5% or 6% on average on delivered product.
Stephen Tusa  JPMorgan: Got you. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr  Cowen & Co.: Yes. Thank you, and terrific orders at Cessna.
Lewis B. Campbell  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Cai.
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Cai.
Cai von Rumohr  Cowen & Co.: If we back out Columbus, you did 199 orders, and your plan was 500 for the year. So, kind of that means 300 if the plan is the same. Is that the same or should we be raising that number and could you give us some color in terms of the progression going through the quarter? Did it slow as we went through the quarter? And kind of what's the color right now you are seeing international and domestic?
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, first of all we are on track to get the orders that we need for the year, that's not a number we are going to continually update. But you can certainly assume we're... we're well on track to get what we need to get through the course of the year. And I think while we did end up higher in the last month than what we said, the progression of orders through the quarter was pretty steady. We tend to get a rush of orders the last month of a quarter, any way sales went out there pushing to wrap something up and get it in the book. But we had pretty solid January, February and probably a little stronger March.
Cai von Rumohr  Cowen & Co.: Okay. And any color kind of going forward and what you're seeing domestic and international?
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, obviously international is going like gangbusters, but both were strong. I think it's coming from all over the world and it's been very robust.
Lewis B. Campbell  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And again with the1,555 orders in backlog even if we do eventually see a slowdown in orders, we are still very comfortable with our outlook for growing deliveries over the next three years.
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, orders is not really going to be the driver... backlog.
Lewis B. Campbell  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Cai. [inaudible] that's all about. As we got ready to talk about backlog and all that was what's really happened out there? My take on what's really happening if you remember the spreads of who is buying the planes. And I don't have the split of who is buying them internationally, I just have [inaudible] category of international, Ill get that the next time we have a call. But first of all, the international business is surprisingly and finally strong and I think it's going to get stronger. So, its just exactly what we thought would happen, but its happened sooner than we thought, if you follow that. And who knows when the China skies are going to open, but you hear that China has now opened a cordon through the skies for the business jets to fly in for the Olympic. So, what's that going to do for that market and we're selling into China now, but not in huge numbers, but well represent it there. So, I think internationally you can just almost predict that that's going to be a strong opportunity for us and our planes really fit well with a lot of the needs of international customers. Then, if you look here domestically, we have such a broad cross-section of the business that buy our product, which is good. Its not one single, five big companies buying a bunch of our planes. It's a big spread and NetJets, although they are not a big portion of our number, they are only 10% in the total outlook, which is not a huge number by any stretch. Where are those planes going? Well, we don't have those tracked, at least, not in front of me right this minute. But some portion of their orders are going internationally as well and they are telling us to speed up our deliveries to them, so they can place them internationally. So, it's looks to me like the demand is pretty solid, and I really like the fact we got those 80 orders in the U.S. Because that just confirmed and everything were looking at that predicts downturn in order delivery is not telling us its going to turn down.
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Let me give a little piece of technical color we don't usually do, but just to give you a sense of the breath. We sold in the first quarter we took orders for 80 in the U.S., 59 in Europe, 38 in Latin America, 30 in Asia-Pacific, 14 in Mid East-Africa, six in Mexico, four in Canada, and four in international unknown, whatever that means. So, it's very broad based and it's becoming much more of a global business.
Cai von Rumohr  Cowen & Co.: Terrific. Thank you. Great answer, guys.
Lewis B. Campbell  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Take care.
Douglas R. Wilburne  Vice President, Investor Relations: Operator, do we have any more calls in queue?
Operator: There are no other questions, sir.
Lewis B. Campbell  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. If that's the case, we thank everybody for joining us today and well talk to you in a quarter.
Ted R. French  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks everyone.
Lewis B. Campbell  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 11 oclock AM today through July the 16th at midnight. You may access the replay service by dialing 1-320-365-3844 and entering the access code of 896150. Again the number is 320-365-3844 and entering the access code of 896150. This concludes our conference for today. Thank you for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and CEO Ted R. French - EVP and CFO Douglas R. Wilburne - VP of IR
Analysts: Nicole Parent - Credit Suisse Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers Rob Stallard - Banc of America David Bleustein - UBS Jeffery Sprague - Citigroup Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Textron's fourth earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode, and later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Joining us today are Mr. Lewis Campbell, Chairman, President and CEO and Mr. Ted French, CFO, and Mr. Doug Wilburne, Vice President of Investor Relations. Now, I will turn the meeting over to Mr. Wilburne. Please go ahead.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thanks, Lauri and good morning everyone. Before we begin, I would like to mention our discussion today will include remarks about future estimates and expectations. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors, which are detailed in our annual SEC filings and also in today's press release. A calculation of 2008 ROIC, which we will be discussing today, is also attached to our press release and available on the website in the IR section. Finally, also you can find a slide deck on our website containing key data items that we are going to discuss on today's call. Finally, now moving to our results for the fourth quarter, revenues were $3.8 billion, up 18% from last year's fourth quarter. Earnings per share from continuing operations were $1.02, up 32% from $0.77 a year ago, and compared to our expectation of $0.82 to $0.92. Our EPS performance reflected good delivery execution at Cessna and Bell, which allowed for early delivery of seven jets and five helicopters, generating a $0.07 EPS benefit in the quarter. We also had an unanticipated Canadian tax benefit at TFC, which was worth about $0.02 per share, partially offset by a $0.01 of dilution related to our acquisition of AAI and Columbia Aircraft, all of which were not included in our guidance. On the cash front, full-year cash flow provided by continuing operations was $1.2 billion with free cash flow of $796 million. With that, I will turn the call over to Lewis.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Doug Good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter culminated a year of powerful performance at Textron on many fronts. Full-year revenues were up 15%, about 13% organically by the way. EPS from continuing ops was up 32%. Free cash flow was up 15%. And I think more importantly, each of our manufacturing segments showed year-over-year operating improvement resulting in a 160 basis point increase in overall manufacturing margins. And finally, return on invested capital improved 800 basis points reaching 24.8% in 2007. Now, last year's solid results are evidence of the continuing progress we are making in our journey to become the premier multi-industry company. We fortified and expanded our future growth potential through many transformational actions taken last year, basically in the following four categories, operational improvement, capital investment, strategic acquisitions, and new product developments. Let me say more, we continue to attack operational improvement primarily through the deployment, penetration, and maturation of Textron Six Sigma into the processes by which we manage and improve our businesses. Last year, we certified an additional 153 black belts and 1,429 green belts, which now brings our totals to 890 black belts and 4,200 green belts. Because leadership is so vital in a cultural initiative like this, we've mandated that every member of our global leadership team, which comprises the top 180 leaders from around the world, attain a green belt certification. Continuous systematic business improvement and operational execution are becoming the number one cultural identifier of Textron. Happily as we look at our end-market opportunities over the next five years, we see tremendous growth potential and we are committing the necessary capital to service this demand. Let me give you some examples. At Bell, we are investing for an unprecedented expansion of output and we've made a significant amount of progress with the leadership and organization capabilities there. The ongoing processes improvements across operations have begun to show the expected results with record gearbox production supporting continued V-22 production ramp-up. These improvements support our plan to increase V-22 deliveries to 17 ships this year, up from 14 in 2007, and we are well on our way to produce 36 ships in 2011, a tremendous expansion of output, given the capacity requirements of each V-22. The program is doing very well on all fronts. Most importantly, the Warfighter, the Marine Corp. aircraft, are demonstrating excellent operating performance as they fly the full range of [inaudible] missions in Iraq. We also made continuous progress with our H-1 program last year, delivering the first ten production units. However, with the conversion from remanufactured aircraft all to new, an important next step, we have encountered some cost and delivery issues for the new cabins from our supplier, we are still negotiating with the customer and our supplier, but we recorded a charge at Bell in the quarter to cover anticipated cost. In the mean time, the H-1 [inaudible] surely and we anticipate a successful outcome, and therefore we are optimistic that we will have a full rate production decision by year one on the H-1. Moving to ARH. We are currently working under an expanded development contract and we made tremendous progress on this program with our customer over the past nine months. Our revised initial production plan has been developed and we expect the signed agreement around mid-year. Based on this new understanding, during the quarter, we reduced the ARH reserve, which we had established earlier this year. Moving to commercial at Bell. Here we made excellent progress with capacity expansion and execution, as we delivered 181 units during the year, up 14% from 2006, which in turn was up 29% from 2005. To concentrate output on deliveries of our high demand aircraft, we made a decision in the fourth quarter to streamline our legacy commercial offerings and recorded a related charge. Moving to Systems. We delivered 576 ASVs for the year and that's up 21% from 2006. We expect 15% growth in armored vehicle revenues in 2008 due to significant growth in after-market services, upgrade requirements for existing units, and early foreign military demands. We recently received a contract from the army that covers the US production funding at the current delivery schedule of 48 per month through May of 2009, with anticipated supplements providing funding through the balance of '09. We are working with the DoD for out-year funding to bridge to military vehicles... the military's vehicle requirements until the new joint and light tabular vehicle production begins sometime next decade. Investing in capacity at Cessna also paid off this year, as we delivered 387 jets, a new record and up 26% from '06. We have additional CapEx requirements at Cessna over the next several years to accommodate ever-increasing output and new models. We also invested in a number of strategic acquisitions last year, each of which strengthened existing businesses and will contribute to future growth. For example, at Greenlee, we expanded our product offerings with the acquisition of Paladin Tools, a telecom test gear manufacturer. We added to Bell Helicopters support and service capabilities with addition of Cabair, a helicopter maintenance and service center located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, and most recently, McTurbine, a provider of helicopter engine maintenance and repair services, which came as part of the AAI acquisition. And just last week, we brought in SkyBOOKS to provide helicopter operators with advanced electronic maintenance and operating log capabilities. At Cessna, as you know, we acquired Columbia Aircraft, an innovative high-performance propeller aircraft manufacturer. This acquisition accelerates our critical product extension strategy in this class of aircraft. And our addition of AAI to the precision engagement capability at Systems, significantly augments our ability to compete and win as a prime contractor for this important military strategy going forward. By the way, we are well into the AAI integration process, we're using Textron Six Sigma tools to ensure that the additional yields and synergies that we expect, both in the amount and timing, will be possible just as we expected when we bought into the combination. Finally, we are also making considerable investments in innovation and new product developments across our businesses. You know, we increased R&D spending by 11% last year, bringing many new products to market and we are planning another 24% increase this year. We launched our new professional hand tool line in the beginning of the year at Greenlee, and the introduction has been a resounding success. At Caltex, we played an integral role in developing a selective catalytic reduction system, an innovative OEM product, which reduces nitrogen oxide emissions to meet the most stringent environmental regulations. And in today's environmentally alert marketplace, we've just introduced the world's most energy-efficient golf car with many exciting new features that will be attractive to golf course operators and golfers alike. If the value of investing in new products needed any validation, our ending aircraft backlog of $16.4 billion, up 41% from a year ago should be convincing. On top of that, at Systems, we have a $2.4 billion backlog, plus we have $1 billions worth of Bell 429 customer purchase agreements not yet in backlog. So, if you add all that together, we have nearly $20 billion in existing customer orders at Cessna, Bell, and Systems. We expect the 429 will enter into the backlog after first production flight, expected around mid-year. We are targeting our first 429 delivery by the end of the year or early 2009, and have a production ramp plan that goes to 60 units annually by 2011. Demand for commercial helicopters remain strong as we booked 268 orders in '07, significantly higher than last year's deliveries of 181. And global demand for business yet also remains unprecedented. Cessna added another 164 orders in the fourth quarter, bringing the full year to 773 orders taken in 2007, an all-time record and up from 496 orders in 2006. Clearly, there are two major factors driving business jet orders. First, there's a global expansion of demand and the second is new models like our Sovereign, the CJ4, and the Mustang. Importantly, as I said before, the Mustang being a lower price point offering has opened an entirely new universe of potential jet orders. And while Mustang customers are adding to demand today, the even better news is many of these orders will eventually choose to upgrade to a larger citation driving future demand as well. And by the way, our launch of Mustang has been as near to perfect as any launch we've ever undertaken at Cessna. When we introduced the Mustang at the 2002 NBAA show, we said we would fully certify and begin deliveries in 2006, and further we would ramp to 150 units of production in 2009. We're doing exactly that and the market demand has materialized just as we expected it would. Which brings us to our final topic at Cessna and that is our announcement this morning that we're moving forward with our much-anticipated large cabin, intercontinental Citation jet. We believe this strategic step strengthens our position as the premier global business jet manufacturer. We're confident, we'll bring this aircraft to market on time, on budget, and on performance. More importantly, we've stayed in the marketplace, including current and potential competitive offerings and believe there will be significant demand for this new model well into the future. In fact, we've received a large number of advanced customer requests to be placed in the production queue. Each of these requests was accompanied by a $100,000 refundable deposit. With the official announcement, we'll be converting these indications of interest into binding contracts with non-refundable initial deposits of $1 million each. And we expect to have at least 70 firm orders for the LCC by the end of this year. In fact, we're expecting another banner year of new orders at Cessna all around. Based on our current customer activity, our marketing plans and assessment of the marketplace, we expect to book over 570 total jet orders this year, well above our delivery forecast of 470. Given that our delivery schedule is completely booked out well into 2009 and supported by the diversification of our order book, we expect continued uninterrupted growth of Cessna well into the next decade. Now, I'm sure there are many questions about the LCC at this point, I'm sure we can spend the rest of the call on that subject, but we need to maximize the marketing impact of our launch and we'll not be discussing further details about the new model until our press conference on February 6. The only exception is that Ted in just a few minutes will discuss how the LCC is expected to affect our financial results in 2008, which is obviously already fully reflected in our outlook. Now, let me change subjects for a minute. I want to make a few comments about our expected performance in the context of the current economic situation. We now know that US corporate profits contracted in the third quarter of 2007, primarily driven by the financial sector and economists expect continued softness through at least the first half of 2008. Obviously, this news and the likely fact that we're already in the US economic downturn, are weighing heavily on the stock market. But, I've to say that we're puzzled at Textron [inaudible] our shares have fallen compared to our peers in the market overall. We believe that a significant amount of our enterprise is relatively unaffected by the economy and that we're well positioned for this environment. First, only a small portion of Bell Helicopter and Textron Systems is driven by the economy. So, we expect growth at these businesses units will remain relatively uninterrupted. At Cessna, we've analyzed the 2001, 2002, 2003 that period that jet downturn, which was the worst down cycle we've ever experienced, and we carefully modeled our next three years deliveries on the basis of annual percentage cancellations and percent reductions in new orders during that prior period to really understand specifically how a similar downturn could affect our 2008 to 2010 delivery outlook. Even subjected to the severe 2003 scenario, our delivery outlook for 2008 and 2009 remains unaffected and we would expect 2010 to be no worse than flat with 2009. Now, this is simply a function of the unprecedented backlog, which currently stands at 1,418 units in comparison to 811 units at the end of 2000. Yet, keep in mind we do not believe the extreme 2003 scenario will repeat in terms of cancellation rates or order intake because both our backlog and orders have been better diversified by customers, specifically we have less dependence on fractional and by market with a significantly higher international mix. Furthermore, the 2003 downturn was also magnified by the 9/11 disruption, that among other things, halted business jet travel in 2001, placing unique uncertainty into the marketplace. So, in summary, we continue to have confidence in our increasing deliveries in 2008, 2009 and 2010 even given the current economic uncertainty. As for Industrial, the biggest driver there is Kautex and the current downturn in US automobiles and slower global demand are already built into our outlook. Finally at TFC, were not involved in sub prime or other misunderstood or high-risk products and we expect our portfolio of credit performance to remain within normal historic ranges in the softer economic environment. In conclusion, we see another solid year and continued growth at Textron in 2008 and beyond. In fact, we see 8% to 12% annual revenue growth through the planning horizon. And reinforced by our transformation strategy, we believe that we will be able to convert this growth into expanding shareholder value for years to come. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ted. Ted?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Lewis, and good morning everyone. I want to start by reinforcing Lewis' optimism for growth. Obviously the US economy is now weaker and it is certainly more uncertain. However, we have good revenue visibility based on our solid growing backlogs, plus we continue to observe positive forward signals in the business jet marketplace. So, let me start by looking at an analysis of our fourth quarter results. Quarterly revenues increased 18%, while EPS from continuing ops was up 32%, representing another excellent conversion. Earnings per share were up $0.25 from a year ago. Volume and mix provided $0.14. Higher pricing of about 3.3% added $0.30 a share. And inflation of 3.2% cost us about $0.22. Performance was a positive $0.24. The combined headwinds of engineering, research and development, depreciation, and pension expense collectively cost $0.13, and miscellaneous items, including higher corporate expenses partially offset by favorable foreign exchange and a lower share count cost $0.04. Taxes cost $0.03, and Textron Financial was lower by $0.01. Now, let's review each of our business segments, and I will start with Cessna. Cessna's revenues and profits increased $329 million and $75 million respectively in the fourth quarter. Revenues increased due to higher volume, primarily related to Citation business jets and higher pricing. Profit increased due to the higher pricing along with the impact of higher volume and favorable warranty performance, partially offset by inflation and increased product development expense. Continued strength in orders gives us conviction in our outlook as we now have another record Cessna backlog at $12.6 billion, that's up $4.1 billion or 48% from a year-ago. Moving to Bell. Segment revenues increased $120 million for the quarter, while profit was up $36 million. Profit in the quarter was affected by the following three items, which Lewis referenced earlier. $30 million in charges for the H-1 program, $16 million of costs for product rationalization in our commercial business, and a $27 million profit benefit related to the ARH program, reflecting a reduction in the ARH reserve of about a third and recovery of some previously un-reimbursed development costs. Fourth quarter US Government revenues were up $81 million due to the addition of acquisition revenues and higher volume. The volume increase reflects higher H-1 and sensor fuzed weapon quantities, partially offset by lower ASVs, Helicopter after-market services, and V-22 deliveries. Profits in our US Government business were up $41 million due to favorable performance partially offset by inflation. The favorable performance primarily reflects lower H-1 charges year-over-year and the benefits recorded in the quarter for the ARH program. The favorable performance was partially offset by last year's reimbursement of cost related to Hurricane Katrina. Commercial revenues were up $39 million, while profits were down $5 million. Commercial revenues increased due to higher pricing and the benefit from acquisitions, partially offset by lower volume. Commercial profit decreased primarily due to the product rationalization cost, some inflation, and higher engineering, research and development expenses, and lower volume, partially offset by higher pricing. Bell Helicopters backlog was $3.8 billion at the end of the year, that's up 23% from $3.1 billion at the end of '06, benefiting from growth in both military and commercial orders. Textron Systems backlog was $2.4 billion, up from $1.3 billion last year reflecting both the acquisition of AAI and growth in orders. Now for Industrial. Revenues and profits increased $113 million and $21 million respectively. The revenue increase came from higher volume and favorable foreign exchange and higher pricing. Profits increased due to positive cost performance, higher pricing, and the impact of volume and mix, partially offset by inflation. Lastly, Finance revenues were flat with last years fourth quarter, reflecting an increase in securitization and other fee income, offset by a reduction in finance charges due the lower interest rate environment. Segment profit was lower by $4 million, as loss provisions went up, while net interest margin was down. The net interest margin decline was attributable to an increase in borrowings spreads, partially offset by the increase in securitization and other fee income. Portfolio quality continues to be absolutely excellent with a 60 day delinquency rate of 0.43%, non-performing assets of 1.34%, and net charge-offs of 45 basis points. For the year then, Textron Financial had record revenues and profits, while maintaining excellent credit quality. Looking to 2008, we expect continued strong credit quality based on the product lines we are in, the creditworthiness of our customers, and the structures of our loans. ITFC '08 profit outlook reflects some conservatism, primarily related to the recent narrowing of spreads between the prime rate upon which the majority of our customers loans are indexed and LIBOR upon which most our borrowing costs are indexed. Actually tough, over the last week or so, the spread has begun to return to more normal levels, but our guidance reflects narrower margins nonetheless based on an assumption that this anomaly persist at some level through most of the year. One final comment on fourth quarter results is that the tax rate was lower than we forecasted due to the Canadian tax benefit at TFC. In addition, the rate was lower due to higher compensation hedge income, which is not taxable, and results in a lower reported tax rate, but it's fully offset up in corporate spending, so it has no impact on earnings per share. Now for our '08 outlook. For the full year, we are forecasting earnings in a range of $3.75 to $3.95, and for the first quarter we are targeting EPS between $0.75 and $0.85. These amounts fully reflect the 24% increase in ER&D that Lewis mentioned, which equates to $108 million or about $0.29 a share. Cessna accounts for $0.17 of the increase, of which $0.09 is attributable to the LCC program. It also reflects $0.09 in dilution from the AAI acquisition and $0.06 in dilution from the Columbia acquisition as we invest to strengthen and grow this business. And finally our investments in new capacity will result in higher depreciation expense worth about $0.14 a share. Collectively these items represent about $0.58 in earnings headwinds. While these investments reduce the '08 earnings growth that we otherwise would have seen, we believe that each will contribute to future revenue growth and increase shareholder value. We are forecasting cash flow provided by continuing ops to come in at about $1.3 billion. With the need for additional investments and capacity, our capital program next year now looks to be about $550 million, which should result in free cash flow coming in somewhere between $700 million and $750 million. In closing, our outlook at Textron remains very positive. We are expecting strong growth again this year through the rest of this decade and beyond. We have a large military backlog and our products are critical to our armed forces. We also have a large aircraft backlog and it would take a major extended global downturn to interrupt the growth in deliveries that our customers have ordered and continue to order. We believe the real growth opportunities that lie before us, coupled with our ever improving ability to execute, will translate into increased shareholder value this year and for years to come. Now, I would like to... I ask Doug to come back on and provide some additional '08 data.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thanks, Ted and we'll begin with full year. For 2008, we expect Bell segment revenues will be up about 20%, with margins up about 30 basis points at about 8.9%. The higher revenues reflect the full-year impact and growth at AAI. Revenues also reflect delivery of about 17 V-22s, 10 H-1s, and about 580 ASVs. We are targeting 160 commercial deliveries as we concentrate this year's capacity expansion on pre-assembly production for the large military ramp-up targets in 2010 and beyond. At Cessna, we're expecting revenues to be $5.9 billion, with margins of about 16.5%, reflecting LCC and Columbia Aircraft development costs. Industrial revenue is expected to be approximately flat at $3.4 billion, with margins of about 6%. Finance revenues are projected to come in at about $885 million, with segment profit flat with '07, reflecting lower interest margins, higher loss provisions, and slightly slower portfolio growth. At the corporate level, we are assuming share buybacks of 3 million to 4 million of shares to maintain a flat share account for which we're already ahead of schedule by the way given our recent share price performance. By the way, last year we repurchased 5.9 million shares at a cost of $295 million. We are expecting interest expense of about $141 million, reflecting higher debt levels as a result of last year's acquisitions. Corporate expenses will be about $243 million and we anticipate an 08 tax rate of about 32%. The tax rate presents an additional headwind of about $0.06 and it basically reflects the absence of a number of unique tax benefits in 2007, as well as higher '08 income. The additional income results in higher tax rate due to fixed tax credit items, which do not scale up. Let's move to the first quarter now. We expect Bell segment revenues will be about $1.1 billion, with margins of about 8%. First quarter revenues at Cessna should be about $1.35 billion, margins of about 16.25%, reflecting delivery of about 104 jets. Industrial segment revenue is expected to be about $850 million, with a margin expectation of about 5.5%. Finally, Finance revenues should be about $205 million, with profit between $50 million and $55 million. That concludes our prepared remarks. And before we go to questions, we would like to ask that each of you limit yourselves to one question with an optional follow-up to be fair. So, Laurie with that we are now ready to open the lines please. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question from the line of Nicole Parent with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Nicole Parent - Credit Suisse: Good morning.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Nicole.
Nicole Parent - Credit Suisse: I guess first, Lewis, your bullish outlook for Cessna is appreciated, could you give us a sense when you scrub the last recession? You have international demand that's un-presidented, could you give us a sense of how you assess the quality of that backlog and have you seen any cancellations at all or any kind of customer concerns about what is going on in the marketplace?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Nicole, I want to give you a really full answer on this one because we've really looked hard at this topic because we knew what we wanted to say on the call this morning, but we want to make darn sure and we have really scrubbed this data. So, let me give you some facts. Used aircraft, which is a pretty good precursor when it starts to go up but things are going to slow down some, still remains at low 10%, keep in mind, the late model aircraft, five years and younger, are just hard to get in the used aircraft market. So, a lot of those aircraft are quietly sitting there for the rest of their lives. We have not seen any observable deterioration in customer orders, we have very low actually, I'd say almost unusually low cancellation versus normal years. So, that's not there. Net jet orders, which need to be understood in the context of where they are being sold and why, net jet orders and CitationShares are still very good. Net jet US orders primarily are for replacements, so that will continue and then they've really grown strong in Europe and really picking up steam there. I've mentioned order cancellations and then Jack and his team recently had a sales meeting kickoff in the west and the sales force is really bullish on what they see and the customers they have contacted. Another interesting fact, which I find to be kind of cool is, that back in 2000, before we saw 9/11 and the downturn that ended up being just awful through 2003, our backlog for the next three years is now 82% higher than what the backlog was we had for the three-year period. So, the three-year period '01, '02, '03, we had 693 jets on order for delivery. And for '07, '08, '09, we've 1,260 on order. So, [inaudible] look and you mentioned international versus domestic that's also a strong point. So, I would tell you if there is something coming at us, we can see it, and if it comes at us as hard as it did in '01, '02, '03, we firmly believe that we'll be able to meet the numbers that we talked about in the call here.
Nicole Parent - Credit Suisse: Great. That's helpful. Thanks. And one other follow-up for Ted. In the charts that you gave us to walk-through from '07 to '08, you said $0.34 of headwind, I think Doug referenced $0.06 of tax and you had $0.14 of capacity. Can you just talk a little bit about what the remaining variables are and how you might be able to offset them?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Let me see if I can find that here quickly. The headwind thats on the chart is only depreciation and R&D, and so those other pieces are additional
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Pension is actually not a headwind, it's about $0.04 of favorable tailwind this year.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: But, thats half of what we thought it would be when we talked to you back in February at the Analyst Day.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's true. Did not come in as strongly as we thought, but it's still $0.04 favorable nonetheless.
Nicole Parent - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So, it's all either.... just $0.14 of depreciation, the balance is R&D.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Cai.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company: Great quarter. Great quarter. While you gave us kind of the EPS impact of both LCC and Colombia, could you give us kind of... because they're both at Cessna and what we really kind of maybe want to look at is the total [inaudible] of R&D and kind of approximately what was it in 2007 and what do you expect it to be in 2008 for Cessna and kind of going forward what should we, kind of, expect for the R&D now that LCC is launched?
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President Investor Relations: I got it right here. Let me make sure I understand, you wanted a total R&D change at Cessna?
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company: Well, the total R&D at Cessna, '07 and '08, so we can kind of see there are other things coming off because we know LCC and Colombia are moving up.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President Investor Relations: Yes, now there is other additions. Total Cessna R&D goes from a little over $270 million to $340 million. So, it's up about $68 million year-over-year. LCC is $53 million of the $68 million.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company: Okay. And just a general sense going forward now that you have kind of committed to LCC, how much is it in absolute terms this year and kind of what's about the profile going to be over the next couple of years? So, we know give us some kind of sense as to what this is going to might do.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In absolute terms, it's $53 million. It was $20 million last year, it's $53 million in '08. In '09 I've got it somewhere here but, can't put my finger on it. It goes higher in '09. We know that. It peaks at about $120 million in 2010.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Shannon O'Callaghan  Lehman Brothers: Good morning guys.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Shannon.
Shannon O'Callaghan  Lehman Brothers: Can you just give a little more flavor, you mentioned the positive indicators and expecting 570 orders, can you give us a little flavor on what are the components that go behind that?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I can tell you some basic stuff. Of the 570, we got 70 LCC, and...
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations: 500 plus 70.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: So, its 500 plus 70. I don't think you might never hear us say this again, but I don't think we have ever given out that number before. So, whether its conservative or optimistic, youll have to think for yourself on that subject, but we normally end up at least meeting it not beating in any return out. We have a good mix of international customers, that's good, well over 50% of deliveries. We are not heavily depended on the fractional... is that number 15% approx?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: So, that's fairly low. We have some other things on the horizon, and if they come true, we'll look really good. We really are having trouble meeting demand on some of our products over in Europe, because Europe has really heaten up and so we are wrestling with how we can move production around to be able to deliver a few more products here and there. So, it's just a really good balance of mix, there is nothing unusual in that book.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations: I think what's really misunderstood is the depth and strength of the backlog. We've taken this backlog and torn it apart and we've modeled a scenario where order intake rates fall as... and remember we've looked at every downturn in general aviation since the Second World War and this downturn post 9/11 is by fall the worst of all of those. So, we've taken this existing backlog and we've gone back and modeled the rate of order fall-off from that we saw in the 2001, 2002, 2003 frame, and its pretty radical by the way. Orders fell 68% in the first year, so down two-thirds, came back to being down about a third in the second year and got back to about even by the third year. So, we've modeled that in. We've modeled the rate of cancellations, which in that last downturn were 160 some out over three years. But, because our backlog is larger, we've modeled a number twice that big into it. And when you take that and take our production plans for 2008, 2009, and 2010, which grow every year, by the way, if that same event happens to us over that three-year period of time, we'll still end up with 20 months of backlog by the end of 2010. So, it's just very, very deep and I don't think that's well understood.
Shannon O'Callaghan  Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. Thanks a lot. And just on the margin on Cessna, I know you have Columbia and the incremental LCC in there, still very strong margin in the quarter, 18.4%, other than maybe slightly higher Mustang mix or anything else you are anticipating in 2008 for Cessna that we should know about in terms of a margin headwind?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Just two things to put it into context. The LCC reduces Cessna's 08 margin by 90 basis points and Columbia reduces the margins by 70 basis points, which might be a little surprising to you, but we are adding almost a $100 million worth of revenue with Columbia and we actually will have mid-20s kind of expense next year because while we bought a business, we are also really buying and developing a product line. So, we are investing in '08 and '09 in Columbia in order to get that product offering where we want it to be, the cost structure where we want it to be, the production capability where we want it to be. So, that will be about two years of investment. So, those two things are worth about 160 basis points. So, Cessna's '08 margins would be well up in the north of 18% range, but for those two items.
Shannon O'Callaghan  Lehman Brothers: Okay. [inaudible]. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Rob Stallard with Banc of America. Please go ahead.
Rob Stallard - Banc of America: Good morning.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Rob.
Rob Stallard - Banc of America: Lewis, you gave a very strong view on the strength of with the US economy being what it is. But, I was perhaps a little bit surprised by your confidence on industrial revenues heading into 2008 that they can stay flat; you mentioned the Kautex is tied to the automotive world. Can you give us a little bit more flavor of how you come to that forecast of flat revenues in '08?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: For industrial?
Rob Stallard - Banc of America: Yes.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We understand the automotive market and we know which models we are on. So, it makes it a little bit easier for us to estimate the Kautex numbers because it's not just auto industry it is. But it's not jus that, if you are on the wrong model even in an up year, you could be having down revenues yourselves. So, I'd say Kautex is probably pretty dug and well understood. Non-res construction so far is still supporting the Greenlee numbers, although that's not a huge contributor to our overall revenue forecast, but they are a contributor. You've got fluid and power with oil and gas very strong. We did a big field reduction of inventory at Jacobsen, so that really helps us going into '08. So, we are not trying we don't have to bleed the field down. The new golf car, E-Z-GO should sell well in the market, and we don't really have a strong new golf course opening number out there in '08. So, we feel pretty good about that. What do I miss there?
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations: We think we reflect the environment we are seeing.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's hard to predict what the US economy is going to do and we try to do the best we could and kind of take it as a negative approach in industrial to make sure we didn't overstate ourselves.
Rob Stallard - Banc of America: Ted, you mentioned that charge-offs in Finance have been very good. Your forecast for '08, does that imply a more historical charge-off rate?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We had an abnormally low rate, very, very strong performance in 2007. So, we are expecting it to tick up a little bit in '08, but still be at a very good level. The real drivers around the finance business are that we are seeing a little bit slower growth rates in a number of our businesses, primarily in distribution and finance, which have been our fastest growing business, but has a lot of consumer durables. So, we are actually seeing some declines in manufactured housing in marine, growth, but little bit slower in most of the rest of businesses. So, it is still growing overall, but a little bit slower. The main impact on us has been this indices mismatch between prime and labor. It hasn't been credit losses, growth is a little bit slower, but we're still getting growth. It's really been this margin compression issue that cost us about $2.5 million in the third quarter, cost us $7.5 million last quarter... in the fourth quarter. It is going to cost us about $3 million in the first quarter and then we have about $1.5 million bad news baked into the plan for the balance of the year, quarter-by-quarter which things not gone would stay like they did here in the last two or three days, it could be a little bit of upside to us. So, we've got a fairly conservative forecast out there based on what these rates were looking like when we put this plan together, and as of the last week, they are looking very positive again, but that's fooled us a little bit in the early fourth quarter well, so we will hold on and see what happens.
Rob Stallard - Banc of America: Thats great. Thanks Ted.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations: Just one other detail on that Rob, by the way. Lewis mentioning Greenlee and strong growth we've had in the past, we've had three years in a row of double-digit growth at Greenlee, and when we put our outlook together for next year, we dropped it down into a low-single digit, just to give you an idea of kind of granularity that we are looking at there. So, a flat year at industrial is certainly in the cards unless things get considerably worse than where we are now.
Rob Stallard - Banc of America: Yes, great.
Operator: Thank you and our next question from the line of David Bleustein with UBS. Please go ahead.
David Bleustein - UBS: Good morning.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, David.
David Bleustein - UBS: Quick question. Of the 500, Lewis you mentioned, a bunch coming from international, is that similar to your shipment mix?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it is. Right, our delivery mix is about the same as order mix, correct.
David Bleustein - UBS: Okay. [inaudible] for '08?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it's been climbing up. It has gone from, international was 30% back probably at the start of the decade, now it's well over 50%, in fact, the order intake I think is forecasted to be about 60%.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations: We did a little over 50% international both order and delivery this year and we think the order intake will be about 60% international for '08.
David Bleustein - UBS: Okay. What years are these planes being booked for and are there any deliveries left at all for '08 and what does '09 look like?
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations: There is nothing left for '08, there are a few models that are available in the last half of '09. So, most of what we are selling actually, most of those that are available in '09 are already spoken for, they are just not technically signed up. They've got customers names on them. So, we are really booking 2010 right now. Basically, all products other than new models like the CJ4 are available in 2010.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Right now in '09, the only two models available are [inaudible] CJ1+ and the Encore+, and as Ted said, they are really spoken for, for the most part with an order under negotiation, and with respect to Mustang, we are out into 2010 now.
David Bleustein - UBS: Terrific. And then the last question. If you have cancellations in your '08, '09 orders books, do you have customers looking to move forward?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations: Dying to.
David Bleustein - UBS: That's all I needed. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Jeff Sprague with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Jeffery Sprague - Citigroup: Thank you. Good morning.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffery Sprague - Citigroup: Can you give me a sense of the big picture on the LCC, how you think about the business case, whether you are looking at it on an internal rate of return or just kind of cash flow basis, but kind of the break-even volume case for the airplane?
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations: I will start on that one. We treated this LCC no different than any other major capital investment we have to make or decided to make. So, we look at it on several different fronts. Intrinsic value is the primary one, IRR is right in there beside it. Return on invested capital, we risk adjusted based on pricing, volumes, etcetera. We even forecast to be conservative some type of downturn in the economy during the devolvement cycle. So, we don't have our head in sand there. And I think the amazing fact here is, I came to Textron in 92 and except for a very small hiccup in the launch of the Citation 10, which was primarily due the fact we'd never done a total fly by wire aircraft, that was our first one. And come out of car business, I can tell you there are some phantom circuits that exist that you can't really wrestle to the ground until you build a few of those. And so other than the Citation 10, which was a minor, minor deal, operationing brought it up, we just haven't missed on any ship we've decided to do from when started on a piece of paper to when we delivered it to the customer, as I talked about the Mustang example. And I think that because we've done so many of them, we've done I don't know how many new ships since we began making in jets in the early 70s. So, our cycles of learning on new aircraft is very high. And our understanding of the market is very high and our step-up capacity for customers is unusually high at somewhere between well roughly two-thirds, I might say 70%, but certainly two-thirds. So, those factors allow you to be pretty accurate as it relates to what the pricing ought to be and in turn what kind of volume you should expect. And we know what the customers are doing, not many secrets in this business sorry, not customers, but we know what the competitors are doing. And so based on all of those facts, our Board approved that for us yesterday, and we are ready to go.
Jeffery Sprague - Citigroup: Can you give us a sense on in terms of units, what the business case would be built upon?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We expect to sell, Ill just say hundreds of units. I don't know that we really want to give that number out. We expect to sell hundreds of units over the course of a decade or so.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations: One other fact that we looked at just to make sure that our historical record would support any estimate and that is I don't think there has been a jet certainly in the 90s. since I came here, there has not been a jet that was launched that had a forecasted delivery quantity that hasn't far exceeded the delivery quantity or the profits. So, we think we launched on time. We have a track record of keeping our costs in line. We understand how to launch a ship successfully. So, we don't... if you try to produce too many upfront, you can get in trouble, but you've got to satisfy market demand and carefully balance. We've really created a nifty airplane, but we really have been... we are very shrewd about how we did it. I think Jack and his team have done just a wonderful job on this aircraft. We are going to really spend a lot of time on it on February 6 and you can be there on phone or in person, you will find out a lot about it.
Jeffery Sprague - Citigroup: Could you just clarify the R&D? I think the $20 million in '07 is the absolute, but the $53 million in '08 is the delta.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations: No.
Jeffery Sprague - Citigroup: No?
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations: The $53 million is in absolute.
Jeffery Sprague - Citigroup: Okay, and then the $120 million in 2010 is an absolute.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Jeff, one of the things that we did was why we took our time on this was we wanted to make sure we knew what variance we want to produce and what it was we were designing. And you are probably remembering, because we were using an estimate that could be as much as $85 million.
Jeffery Sprague - Citigroup: Yes.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And that's why it's tempting to add the $20 million to the $53 million, but the $53 million is the absolute number.
Jeffery Sprague - Citigroup: Okay. I got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Ronald Epstein with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning guys.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Ron.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Turning that table a little bit. Looking at Bell in a little more detail. The $30 million that you guys took on H-1, what was it up for?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Pardon me.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: The $30 million charge on H-1, what's that related to?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That is related to the fact that we made a decision year plus ago with our customer that on the Yankee we would no longer try to re-man the cabin on that product and that we would build new cabins, and in fact build that entire helicopter as a new built helicopter. And we went outside to a source to procure those cabins and for a number of reasons I don't want to get into, the cost is higher than what was expected. We are having some discussions with the customer and with the supplier about how we are going to allocate all that additional cost among the three of us. Those discussions are not resolved, so we chose in the quarter to take a charge for the next eight upcoming lots where we would absorb potentially some of that cost in transition to getting into the new built helicopter.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Ted, on the H-1, when do you expect it to make money?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We expect it to start making money after the fifth lot, which I don't have the delivery schedule here or maybe I do. About 2010 we would start delivering profitable units.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then one more Bell question, if I can. Kind of looking through some of the DoD documents, it looks like the price of the aircraft per ship potentially has gone up a lot. Does that worry you guys because going from, I guess, about $5 million airplane to something close to $12 million or $13 million, it's creeping up towards the price of a Black Hawk, does that worry you guys or not? How should we think about that?
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thats gone up from $5.5 million to, call it round numbers, approaching $10 million.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Ted R. French - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And we believe and the customer believes that is still the best economic deal out there.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations: Certainly, not something [inaudible], but it is what it is to get the performance that the customers wants to get.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just one last question. On the LCC, if you guys can answer this, from a CapEx perspective, you guys do to bricks and motor to build... it is a big cabin, right? So there should be a lot of tooling, you probably need space, or is that something you think about outsourcing?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We are doing this a little bit differently and that we are going to be buying more of the work outside than what we have traditionally done. So, we will limit that, but if you think about it, the total development program is about $780 million, CapEx is just a little over $100 million of that. So, it is mostly development cost.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Steve Tusa with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: Hi, good morning. Just a [inaudible] little bit with this Cessna margin here, if I look back at '07 and the previous few years, clearly incremental has been pretty good. Even if we strip out the incremental R&D, you are looking at a low 30% incremental margin on revenue growth in 2007 and if we do kind of the same analysis for this year, you are 13 points below that, so you are around 19%. So, that's kind of adjusting for the R&D issue, is the difference there that big difference that we see in that number, I mean, is that really other investment and I don't know this I don't even know what the name of this company is, you acquired Columbia again?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: So, that is the difference?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Columbia is 70 basis points, the LCC is 90 basis points, other growth and R&D beyond LCC, I dont have that calculation, that's probably 15 more.
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: I am adjusting the entire R&D increase, so that you guys just give us the pure R&D number, it just seems like a pretty significant degradation in the core incremental margin of the business. I guess the question is, there is nothing unusual going on outside of these items you highlighted that that number that much?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Depreciation expense will be the next big one. I mean, this is similar to situation we have at Bell. We went for several years where big steps up in volume were eating up available capacity and coming very, very inexpensively. And as we have now passed that point, we are having to put quite a bit more CapEx into this business in order to grow it, great return by the way, but that is driving our depreciation expense up quite considerably.
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And just the follow-up on that, I mean, you talk about wanting to be a premier multi-industry company, when I look out at the guidance that a lot of these premier companies have given over the last month, even in the face of this environment you are looking at, certainly north of 10% EPS growth 10% to 15%, 15% is kind of the bar and who knows if they get there. But, for now, they are saying that that is the right bar, some are putting up 20% EPS growth. You got 7% at the mid-point of the range, now I understand there is investment and all this other stuff, but all these other companies are also investing heavily in there business and doing acquisitions and things like that. Do you think that 7% mid-point of the range is enough to get you to premier status, because you guys have used that word quite a bit over the course of this conference call?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You have an interesting definition of premier. How many of them did 32% last year?
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: You guys are talking about a journey here, so its
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thats exactly right, we are talking about a journey and we would have 14% growth, but for LCC and the two acquisitions and thats the way life works. This is not a perfect linear progression, but we will work hard to get to a number thats very strong, if we can make it in 08, but we are making investments that we believe are increasing shareholder value, which is really an intrinsic value, which is our ultimate yardstick of what premier looks like.
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: Right, I just think the revenue growth you guys have put up over the last couple of year, you have never had or you very seldomly had an EPS growth rate thats below your revenue growth rates. So, this year just seems a little bit unusual on that --?
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We wouldnt have but for those three items.
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: Right. Okay. Thanks a lot.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations: Let me make two more closing comments real quick. The year is not over yet, but we try give you the best guidance we can, but we don't quit here, 11 more months to run. I want to go back on the Citation 10 because I probably shortcut that answer just a little bit on flight control systems, remember that was the first step well that is the only aircraft to save the Concorde, which is no longer flying, that flies at Mach 0.92 or higher, and so if you said technically what was going on there, it was more related to the fairly complicated flight control system than actually fly by wire although they are kind of intertwined there. So, I just want to clear that up.
Lewis B. Campbell - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Let me do one other thing too because I finally found my missing piece of paper and I know this is of interest to all of you. The LCC current development cost estimates right now for '08, $53 million, $0.14 of share, for 09, $97 million, $0.26 a share, for 2010, $120 million, $0.32 a share, and that ought to be at about the peak rate and then it should flatten out, start to drift downward thereafter.
Douglas R. Wilburne - Vice President of Investor Relations: All right, operator, if we don't have any other calls in queue, this will conclude our call and we thank everybody for joining us today. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference call will be available for replay starting at 12.30 p.m. Eastern Time today. The replay of the conference runs until the date of April 23, at midnight Eastern. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system by dialing area code 320-365-3844. The access code is 841349. That number again is area code 320-365-3844. The access code is 841349. That concludes our conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T's Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.
