===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-12 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. Mr. Eliason, you may begin your conference, sir.
Nic Eliason: Thank you, and welcome to our First Quarter Conference Call. I'm Nic Eliason, Group Vice President of Investor Relations. And joining me today are Javier Rodriguez, our CEO; and Joel Ackerman, our CFO. Please note that during this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our first quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, all subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and other subsequent filings that we make with the SEC. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements except as may be required by law. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release furnished to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Nic, and thank you for joining the call today. With the conclusion of the first quarter and reflecting on the events of this past few weeks, it is clear once again, the strength and dedication of our caregivers shine through each new challenge. We're in the midst of remediating a cybersecurity incident that disrupted portions of our operations. Despite these challenges, we remain steadfast. We continue delivering life-sustaining care, creating meaningful career paths for our teammates, and returning value to our shareholders. Today, I'll share information on the cyber incident, highlight our first-quarter results, discuss key policy developments, and close with our outlook for the balance of the year. But first, as always, we will begin with the clinical highlight, the true foundation of everything we do. Last year, we launched a community-based collaboration with the YMCA to support chronic kidney disease education and prevention. Through the collaborative Community Kidney Health Program, YMCL locations nationwide are helping to bring vital education, pre-chronic disease screenings, and critical kidney health resources directly to the communities that needed the most. Our early results are eye-opening. In our initial pilot, 30% of participants' screen were found to have previously undiagnosed CKD, creating powerful opportunities for early intervention and life-changing care. Early detection and education are the cornerstones of kidney disease prevention, and through this collaboration, we're setting ambitious goals to reach thousands of people, empowering communities with the knowledge they need to close the gap in kidney health awareness. Partnership with the YMCA is more than just a program, it's a reflection of our unwavering commitment to building a healthier, stronger tomorrow. Before getting into the first-quarter performance, I want to address the cybersecurity incident we disclosed last month. On April 12th, we identified and swiftly began addressing a cybersecurity incident that encrypted parts of our system and affected our operations. While it's deeply troubling that bad actors continue to target the healthcare community, the incident highlighted our team's unwavering commitment to patient care. I'm grateful to report that we provided uninterrupted dialysis care for our patients on the day we detected the incident and every day since at all of our centers worldwide. Thanks to the incredible responsiveness of our teams and our investment in IT infrastructure, we've been able to restore most functions as of today. All of our major systems used for the patients, physicians, and teammates, including the lab and billing, are up and running. Work on the remaining applications will continue over the next few weeks. While the restorations of our systems is nearly complete, there will be some regulatory and legal follow-ups to address as we work to identify the extent and nature of the data that was taken and make the required notices. We expect that the majority of the costs related to this incident will be one-time items recognized in the second quarter, and our current expectations regarding the financial impacts are included in our guidance today. Transitioning to the first-quarter performance, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share came in slightly ahead of our expectations. At a high level, this was driven by outperformance within patient-care costs, phosphate binders, and our international business. This favorability was partially offset by a modest underperformance in treatment volume, partially due to an abnormally high flu season. Let me offer some additional color on phosphate binders, which contributed to positive results for the quarter. As a reminder, phosphate binders are oral drugs prescribed to help dialysis patients avoid mineral bone disease. Beginning this year, CMS transitions phosphate binders from Medicare Part D into the dialysis benefit. DaVita is dispensing these drugs for physician orders and receiving reimbursement from CMS and Medicare Advantage plans on a per script basis during the initial TDAPA period. As we predicted last quarter, the largest source of variability would be in drug mix, where we have seen higher-than-expected prescriptions of iron-based binders. This is a win for our patients who are receiving the most effective medication for their individual clinical needs. We're still in the early days of this transition and expect further variability over the course of the year. That said, with initial data on drug mix, we now expect the full-year operating income contribution from phosphate binders to be at the upper end of our previous guidance range of zero to positive $50 million. I'll offer one final note for the first quarter regarding capital allocation. Our priority remains to invest available capital in innovation and high-return growth opportunities, such as our recent Latin America acquisition. Beyond those opportunities, we remain committed to returning capital to our shareholders through share repurchases. Since our last earnings call, we repurchased approximately $680 million of stock, representing an accelerated pace over this timeframe. 2025, we expect share repurchases will be more front-loaded than typical and should slow down over the remaining of the year. To be clear, our capital allocation strategy remains unchanged. Now I'd like to shift gears and share some thoughts on the new administration and potential policy changes. Despite a fast-moving environment, our top priority remains the same, advocating for our patients at the state and federal levels. Today, I'll focus on three policy topics impacting the broader healthcare landscape: tariffs, Medicaid, and enhanced premium tax credits. For the first two, although the policies fluid on each and there's a lot to learn, we don't currently believe either tariffs or Medicaid reform represent any material financial impact. As it relates to qualified health plans and enhanced premium tax credits, we previously shared a cumulative operating income impact of $75 million to $120 million. This impact is cumulative over three years and assumes a full expiration of the enhanced premium tax credits. We continue to believe this reflects the most likely range of outcomes. And as we've shared, we're likely trending toward the higher end of that range due to a strong 2025 open enrollment for exchange plans. While we're grateful to be largely insulated from recent policy development, we remain vigilant and committed to strong patient advocacy. Transitioning to outlook. We're maintaining our 2025 guidance range for adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share as disclosed last quarter. Although we've experienced headwinds from the cyber incident, our strong first-quarter operating performance has put us in a good position to achieve our financial guidance for the full year. I will now turn the call over to Joel to discuss our financial performance and outlook in more detail.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you, Javier. First-quarter adjusted operating income was $439 million, adjusted EPS was $2, and free cash flow was negative $45 million. Adjusted operating income was above the guidance we gave last quarter, largely as a result of strong expense management, profitability from orals in the bundle at the high-end of our range, and strong performance in international, partially offset by lower-than-expected treatments. I'll focus first on the details behind our Q1 operating income performance, followed by an update for 2025 guidance. US treatments per day declined 40 basis points versus the first quarter of 2024 and was approximately 50 basis points below our forecast. The weakness was largely the result of higher missed treatment rate, which was caused by a severe flu season and a higher-than-expected impact from storms in January and February. Adding to this shortfall was the negative impact on census from higher-than-anticipated flu mortality in the quarter. Admission growth was strong during the quarter, which supports our hypothesis that the negative admissions growth we saw in the fourth quarter was the result of normal variability and not a trend. Looking-forward to the remainder of the year, the flu-related census impact in the first-quarter will contribute to lower treatment volume for the remainder of the year than we had previously expected. Additionally, we believe the cyber incident that Javier described resulted in lower-than-normal admissions for about two weeks in April. Taking these two factors together, combined with the treatment shortfall in Q1, we are now expecting an approximately 50 basis point decline in treatments for the year. As a reminder, 2025 volume is also negatively impacted by the PD supply shortage we faced in Q4 2024. Despite these temporary challenges, we still expect to return to 2% volume growth, although the timing is hard to predict. Consistent with what we have forecasted in the past, these forecasts are for number of treatments, not treatments per day or for non-acquired growth. Revenue per treatment increased $4 in the quarter. Approximately $10 of the increase is attributable to new reimbursement for phosphate binders, partially offset by $5 a decline due to typical seasonality of patient responsibility for co-pays and deductibles in the first quarter. Patient care cost per treatment increased by $7 sequentially. This was driven by approximately $8 per treatment of new costs associated with phosphate binders and partially offset by a decline from the seasonally high fourth quarter. First-quarter G&A costs declined by $33 million sequentially, again as a result of a decline from typical seasonally elevated spend toward the end of the year. Adjusted international OI increased by $29 million versus the fourth quarter. As a reminder, the fourth quarter was impacted by a $19 million reserve recorded against aged accounts receivable in Brazil. Integrated Kidney Care, our value-based care business, had operating losses of $29 million in the quarter, in line with expectations. As a reminder, IKC has seasonally stronger operating performance in the second half of the year. This quarter, we realigned the operations of an IP product from our IKC segment into our US other ancillary segment, which moved approximately $4 million of operating loss from IKC into US other ancillary results for the quarter. We anticipate the full-year impact of this change to be approximately $17 million. Below the OI line, we incurred $18 million of other loss, mostly related to Mozarc, our joint investment with Medtronic. We expect this to be a consistent quarterly run rate for the remainder of the year. In the first quarter, we repurchased 3.7 million shares, and we repurchased an additional 1.7 million shares since the end of the quarter. Our repurchases continue to be informed by our typical assessment of leverage ratio, liquidity, and market price relative to our view of intrinsic value. This accelerated purchase pace brought our leverage level at the end of the quarter to 3.27 times, near the middle of our target leverage range. Q1 debt expense was $135 million. Beginning in the second quarter, we anticipate debt expense will increase to approximately $145 million per quarter for the remainder of the year. Let me now turn to our expectations for full-year 2025. We are reiterating our full-year adjusted operating income and earnings per share guidance. Despite challenges associated with a difficult flu season in Q1 and expectations for some headwinds related to the recent cyber incident, the underlying strength of our business performance in the first quarter and the increase in our forecast for profitability of orals in the bundle give us confidence in our full-year guidance. That concludes my prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first caller is Andrew Mok with Barclays. You may go ahead, sir.
Andrew Mok: Hi. Good afternoon. Appreciate all the color on the cyberattack and treatment growth. If we take the -- if we look at the 50 basis point revision for the full-year, can you help us understand how much of that was attributable to flu in the first quarter and how much of that is attributable to the cyberattack? And then similarly, what was the impact of flu in the quarter? Can you help spike that up? Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Sure, Andrew. So starting on the full-year, the biggest impact on the full-year was flu, but not because of the first-quarter is really a census decline in the first-quarter that impacts the full-year. So that's a little bit more than half of the 50 basis points. The other two components are one mistreatment rate in Q1. And the third would be the admit -- the roughly, call it, 500 admissions we think we lost in a couple of weeks as a result of the cyber, and those two are roughly equal in size. So that's the 50 basis points for the year. If you're thinking about Q1, the miss was largely mistreatment rate. The census impact in quarter did not have a big -- a big impact. And the mistreatment rate was a combination both of storms in January and February, as well as flu.
Andrew Mok: Got it. Okay. And I think I heard you say that the majority of the costs related to the cyberattack will be one-time items recognized in the second quarter. Can you just help us understand that? Are you going to adjust that out of earnings, or will you be incurring those costs and absorbing that into guidance?
Javier Rodriguez: So I think there'll be two different buckets. There will be some that are direct costs that we will non-GAAP and are likely covered by insurance. So those are not included in our adjusted OI forecast. There will also be some that are more indirect, and those will flow through the P&L, and we've included those in our guidance.
Andrew Mok: Got it. That's helpful. And then on the oral phosphate, can you provide a bit more color on what you saw in the quarter with respect to uptake and drug mix? If you have any incremental details on that? Thanks.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. What we saw was that the mix came in a little leaning toward the iron base. And so that's what we said in the opening remarks that in essence changed the guidance to the upper-end. We had said $0 million to $50 million, and now we will look to be on the higher end of that.
Andrew Mok: Do you expect the mix to change or evolve for the balance of the year, or do you think you have a pretty good understanding of what that mix looks like based on results so far?
Joel Ackerman: It's our first quarter with this experience, but when we talk to physicians, it appears that they're happy with the current mix.
Andrew Mok: Got it. Okay. And maybe one last one from me. Can you help us understand where commercial mix came in the quarter and how the exchange growth shook out for Q1? Thanks.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. The mix was unchanged, flat in the low 11%, and the open enrollment was healthy. And so we continue the trajectory of growth similar to the rest of the market.
Andrew Mok: Thanks for all the color.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Our next caller is Joanna Gajuk with Bank of America. You may go ahead.
Christian Porter: Hi, thank you guys for taking our question. This is Christian Porter on for Joanna. Just a few questions from us. I was curious if you could dive into the specifics of how much the cyberattack impacted you guys in terms of revenue and EBITDA? And then also the impact of phosphate binders inclusion in the Medicare bundle? Thank you guys.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. So on the cyber, just to be clear, this happened in April, so there was no impact in Q1. And it remains to be seen what the net impact on adjusted OI will be in Q2. But I'll remind you, it's built into our guidance. In terms of -- remind me of the second question about binders. So I think if the question is, how does this build up individually into our lines, our RPT was up about $10 quarter-over-quarter as a result of binders, and our cost per treatment was up roughly $8 for the quarter from binders.
Christian Porter: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. You may go ahead, sir.
Dean Rosales: Hi, this is Dean Rosales on for Justin. Thank you for the updated color on non-acquired treatment growth in the year. Can you speak to your expectations for RPT in the year? Are they still in the 4.5% to 5.5% range? Thank you.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, no change to our guide on RPT for the year. We think we'll get a little bit more from orals in the bundle as Javier mentioned, but still within the range of the guide from last quarter.
Dean Rosales: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead.
Pito Chickering: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my questions here. I guess, going back to the treatment growth question, can you sort of quantify just the new patients that started this quarter and how they may start the tracking in 2Q, and sort of how that looks sort of year-over-year? And are seeing any changes mortality right now that we're exiting the flu season?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. So starting on the admit side, it was -- Q1 was a strong admit quarter for us. And we know there was a lot of interest last quarter, we called out a weak admit quarter in Q4. And I think a lot of curiosity on was that a normal variability, which is what we suspected, or is it somehow the beginning of a trend? And the strength we saw in Q1 certainly supports the hypothesis we have that it was just normal variability. So admits was certainly -- it was in line with what we expected, but it was strong in Q1. In terms of mortality in Q1, it was absolutely elevated. We think that was a 100% as a result of the flu. So, not much more to say about that. It's a little early to see what's happening to mortality post-flu. As you know, there's a little bit of a lag between the month -- when a month ends and when we have good clarity on mortality. So I can't give you much on what happened post-flu.
Pito Chickering: Okay, fair enough. And then looking at the revenue per treatment, there's sort of bunch of pieces in there that you said that the mix was flat. You actually -- you get a positive tailwind obviously coming from the phosphate. Did you quantify exactly what the phosphate was to RPT? And then any other commentary in the first-quarter RPT as it relates to managed-care increases for this year, how should we think about co-pays and deductibles sort of comping out in the next couple of quarters?
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, I think you asked a lot of questions, but let me just sort of summarize it. We gave a range of roughly 4.5% to 5.5% RPT. I think just speaking in big sort of categories, half of that will be increases in the core business, and half of it will be orals. And so I think that kind of bundles all your questions. Does that get to it?
Pito Chickering: Yeah. That works. And then last one here is on the IKC, a decent reduction in the patients from March versus December. I just want to follow up. I think last quarter, you talked about some competitors out there being more aggressive on pricing. Just what are your views around the IKC patients under treatment, sort of at this point, and it changes profitability of that versus your expectations? Thanks.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you. I think a couple of things. Number one, from a clinical perspective, it's unambiguously good for patients. Our doctors are also having to change the way they practice and making sure that they start to get involved in transition of care, hospitalization, and other things. So that takes a while, as we've told you for quite some time. The financials are playing out as expected, which is -- this is a -- a business has a bit more volatility. So we've told you to look at on an annual basis. Unfortunately, there is been several unproven entrants that have gone in there and have made some amateur risk moves and have really contracted quite poorly and aggressively. And what I mean by that is, economically speaking, so we have been quite disciplined in understanding the impact that we can do to patient care, and we've been very disciplined in our financial modeling. So while we want to, of course, earn and win more business, we want to be able to be in a sustainable way. And so in addition, we've also severed some of these arrangements with some doctors that are not willing to change the way they practice because you have to really change the way you practice to be successful at this.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Great. I know [Multiple Speakers]
Javier Rodriguez: And let me add one more thing to that, Pito. Some of the decline in lives that you'll see from Q4 to Q1 is also the result of our ability to better predict how many lives will be retroactively removed from attribution based on certain rules that CMS uses in the CKCC program, particularly with CKD live. So it's not an economic change, it's more of how we count the lives and doing a better job of predicting that upfront.
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then last quick one here on international that looked pretty strong. I guess, any sort of good guys or bad guys you should highlight to us on international as we modeled out the rest of the year? Thank you, guys.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, international had a strong quarter, a lot of good guys across a number of markets. We feel good about how the new acquisition is playing out. So we called out last quarter a $50 million jump year-over-year, and we probably picked up another $10 million on top of that $50 million in Q1.
Pito Chickering: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is A.J. Rice with UBS. You may go ahead, sir.
A.J. Rice: Thanks. Hi, everybody. Maybe just a couple of things. Just to follow up on that question about the Latin America. Any update on Brazil and maybe more broadly on the M&A pipeline, what you're seeing, and anything to comment on what you might see in the back-half of the year?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Thanks, A.J. On the Brazil, we're pretty close, although they've given us some restrictions that we got to abide by. So we got to play that out and divest a couple of centers. It's always not a good idea to guess, but we're getting to the finish line here. So hopefully, that will be here shortly. As it relates to M&A, I think internationally continues to be an interesting place. And domestically, we're still pursuing onesies and twosies and then any practice that's willing to convert. So it's a dynamic place out there, but that's really how it summarizes.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Just a follow-up on the IKC question, the $29 million loss, if I'm here, making sure I heard right, that's after moving some business that would have been a $4 million a quarter drag over into the core. I guess, two questions on that. It's interesting that you make that move. What's sort of behind that? And second, you still feel like I know we've got volatility quarter-to-quarter, but you're on track for a breakeven by '27 in that business?
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So, just to clarify one thing, we didn't move it to the core, we moved it to other strategic initiatives. But I think the most important thing it has no bottom-line impact on the enterprise. It's just moving from one business to another. This was an IT product that when first implemented, was expected to largely be used by the IKC business, but over time, it became clear that it had other utility within DaVita, including in the dialysis business. So ultimately, we decided to allocate that a little bit differently. But it has no major impact on the path to profitability. Obviously, it helps a little bit because you're just taking cost out, but within the broader context of IKC and its scale and variability, we still feel good about the path we were on.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Does that -- then if I could just follow up on that, then is the $4 million run rate of losses currently had as you move it into the -- this new area? Does that diminish over time then?
Joel Ackerman: No, I wouldn't expect it to go down over time.
A.J. Rice: Okay. And then just maybe last point of clarification. On your G&A, you're up about 3% cost for treatment. I know you called out in the release of professional fee reductions, as well as I think it's pointing to a gain of some sort. Can you just elaborate a little bit more on where that was meaningful in the quarter and what was going on there?
Javier Rodriguez: No, I don't think there was a lot there. I think the big change in the G&A per treatment was the result of volume coming down. So there is a big treatment drop between Q4 and Q1, mostly driven by a reduction in the number of days. That was probably, I think, the single biggest thing that drove the change in G&A per treatment.
A.J. Rice: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot.
Javier Rodriguez: Thanks, A.J.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Ryan Langston with TD Cowen. You may go ahead, sir.
Ryan Langston: Hey, thank you. So you're keeping the full-year guidance the same, lowering just a little bit on the treatment volumes. I guess, is a lot of that sort of the outperformance in the phosphate binder area or some of it from the stronger new set of admits that you called out?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. So if I -- if I had to break down how we're thinking about guidance, I would say there were two negatives for the quarter, one -- or for the year, one is the decline in volume, the 50 bps we brought that down, and the second will be the cyber costs. So those are headwinds on the year, offset by two tailwinds. One is strength in Q1, and the second is the increase in the binders. The net impact of those two headwinds and two tailwinds would be no change.
Ryan Langston: Okay. And I might have missed the first part of A.J.'s question, but in the release, it said there was a decrease in professional fees and then there was a gain, I think, in G&A. Can you help us size the gain? Again, I'm sorry if A.J. asked it, and also, maybe what drove the decrease in pro fees? Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, these are minimal items, single-digit millions. I wouldn't get too concerned about them.
Ryan Langston: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'm showing no further questions. Speakers, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing comments.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Thank you, Michelle, and thank you all for your questions. Have you been following us? We have experienced three temporary externalities, including supply shortages due to a hurricane, a high flu season, and now a cyber incident. Regardless, we continue to achieve our clinical and financial objectives. We look forward to building momentum over the remaining of the year. We'll talk to you soon, be well.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-13 17:00:00) =====
Operator: I will now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez. Thank you, Nick. And thank you for joining the call today.
Javier Rodriguez: As we embark on 2025, we are celebrating the 25th anniversary of DaVita Inc. During this time, we have focused our efforts on improving clinical outcomes, enhancing quality of life for our patients and care teams, and being a force for positive change for the healthcare system. It is an honor to carry on this legacy, and we look forward to pushing these boundaries in 2025 and the years ahead. Today, I will cover highlights of our 2024 performance, provide updates on several components of our growth trajectory, and conclude with guidance for 2025. But first, I will begin as we always do with a clinical highlight. As I noted, we are celebrating our 25 years, a period encompassing remarkable clinical progress. Together with our physician partners, we have achieved so much for the people who have entrusted us with their care. Among the many highlights, we have worked to dramatically increase the access to care for patients, especially those living in more rural areas of the country. We move beyond in-center care and supported the proliferation of home dialysis with more than four of every five patients living within ten miles of a DaVita home program. Of the patients now treating at home, more than 80% use connected cyclers, a technology that enables our care teams to remotely monitor and improve patient health outcomes. We have expanded from being a dialysis provider to a comprehensive kidney care company, addressing each step in the kidney care journey. This includes our Kidney Smart program, where we have provided free education on managing chronic kidney disease to more than 300,000 people and integrated kidney care or IKC, where we have pioneered value-based care delivery, successfully partnering with health plans and CMS to provide holistic patient care and addressing rising costs of the healthcare system. Finally, we have enhanced quality of care in 13 countries outside the United States, where we have consistently outperformed the clinical benchmark in each market. I am energized by the progress we have made to create better outcomes and improve millions of lives. And, of course, we are far from done. Looking at the next chapter, our vision is to continue our unwavering pursuit of a healthier tomorrow. Transitioning to 2024 performance, we finished the year on a strong note. Reducing full-year adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS in the top half of our guidance range with year-over-year growth of 21% and 26% respectively. In a year with several unique hurdles, including change healthcare outage and hurricane disruption of our supply chain, I am reminded of the resilience of our organization and inspired by the passion of our dedicated care teams. Enhanced collection performance in contracting propelled high revenue per treatment growth, offsetting slower than expected rebound in treatment volume. Although volume growth was positive for the first year since the pandemic, growth for the full year was below our expectations. Mortality and mistreatment rates remain elevated in the fourth quarter, and new patient starts were negatively impacted by supply constraints of our peritoneal dialysis solutions. On the expense side, we continue our track record of identifying efficiencies and executing on cost-saving initiatives. Beyond the US dialysis, we expanded our international presence and continue to grow IKC.
Operator: We have now closed on three of the four acquisitions in Latin America.
Javier Rodriguez: Announced last year with Brazil expected to close midyear 2025. With IKC, we continue making progress on our journey of delivering sustainable integrated care. For 2024, results for IKC were in line with our expectations with an adjusted operating loss of $35 million. Our strategy remains focused on improving health outcomes and quality of life for our patients, minimizing avoidable medical expense, tightly managing our G&A costs, and pursuing the right opportunities to achieve scale. As a reminder, last quarter, we highlighted the temporary closure of Baxter's North Cove facility to Hurricane Helene and the related impact on home dialysis. As a result of these challenges, we incurred approximately $6 million of operating income impact in the fourth quarter due to higher cost of saline, fewer patient starts due to the availability of PD solution, and lower productivity from our home caregivers. The negative impact was lower than we originally expected due to the extraordinary effort of our supply and physician partners along with that of our procurement and operating teams. By year-end 2024, we had resumed admitting new home patients at historical rates. However, our inability to start new patients on PD contributed to lower new admits in the fourth quarter, which will negatively impact volume growth in 2025. This is included in our estimate of approximately $30 million of negative impact to adjusted operating income in 2025. Moving next to Orals in the Bundle. Effective January first of this year, oral drugs transitioned from Medicare drug benefit over to the dialysis benefit. This policy is clearly positive for dialysis patients. We are excited to expand access for patients and expand options for prescribers. Estimate that up to 20% of patients did not have coverage and are now eligible to receive this therapy. Our patients will have support from dietitians and access to all major classes of phosphate binders, including both branded and generic options. We expect the 2025 OI contribution to be zero to $50 million.
Operator: For our 2025 guidance,
Javier Rodriguez: We are back on a more normal adjusted OI growth trajectory. The midpoint of our 2025 guidance for adjusted OI growth is 5.2% and adjusted EPS growth is 11%. The detail ranges of which can be found in our press release. This comes on the heels of a strong 2023 and 2024, years which we exceeded the top end of our original guidance ranges despite weak volume growth, by driving strength in other components of our core and ancillary businesses. A priority for 2025 will, of course, continue to be an intense focus on volume, as we believe in an eventual return to a 2% growth trend, recognizing timing. Difficult to predict. Despite this uncertainty, we continue to have confidence in delivering adjusted OI growth in our target range of 3% to 7% for the years ahead. We will continue to invest in differentiated capabilities to drive performance across our platform with excess capital returned to shareholders through share repurchases. We remain committed to our capital allocation strategy as a means to achieve double-digit growth in earnings per share. I will now turn it over to Joel to discuss our financial performance and outlook in more detail. Thank you, Javier. Fourth quarter adjusted operating income was $491 million, bringing full-year 2024 adjusted OI to $1.98 billion. Q4 adjusted EPS was $2.24, taking full-year adjusted EPS to $9.68. Free cash flow was $281 million in the fourth quarter and $1.16 billion for the full year. I will start today with some detail on the fourth quarter,
Joel Ackerman: Followed by some details on our 2025 guidance. Fourth quarter US treatment volume increased by 30 basis points over the fourth quarter of 2023, while treatments per day declined 80 basis points versus the fourth quarter of 2023. Q4 treatment volume came in below our expectations for two reasons. First, missed treatments were higher than expected, primarily as a result of severe weather events driving a 40 basis point reduction on year-over-year growth in the quarter. And second, new to dialysis admits were below forecast partially as a result of the impact of Hurricane Helene on PV supply. We estimate the PD supply constraint resulted in the loss of approximately 350 admissions during the quarter. For the full year, treatment growth was 47 basis points, just below the bottom of the range we gave last quarter. Fourth quarter revenue per treatment increased approximately $1 sequentially, primarily due to seasonality, bringing full-year RPT growth to 3.7% versus 2023. Patient care costs per treatment were up $7 sequentially. This was primarily the result of seasonality, including health benefits, and other field costs with additional impact from higher G&A costs increased by $15 million quarter over quarter. This is in line with expectations as we typically see higher G&A spend in the fourth quarter. Depreciation and amortization declined by $14 million compared to the third quarter. The largest driver of the reduction was lower center closure costs. Adjusted international OI declined by $17 million versus the third quarter. This was driven by a $19 million reserve recorded against aged accounts receivable in Brazil. Underlying operations in our international business remain otherwise in line with expectations. During the quarter, we closed the third of our 2024 Latin American acquisitions, expanding our presence in Colombia. Our expansion in Brazil remains under government review, and we expect the deal to close midyear. Integrated Kidney Care, our value-based care business, ended 2024 with a full-year adjusted operating loss of $35 million. We continue to execute against our long-term plan, and while the full year came in approximately $15 million ahead of our 2024 expectations, this is largely due to the timing of revenue from our value-based care contracts and normal variability. Below the OI line, fourth quarter debt expense was relatively flat compared to the third quarter. Our leverage ratio at the end of the year was just over three times EBITDA. In the fourth quarter, we repurchased 2.3 million shares, and since the start of 2025, we have repurchased. I will turn now to our expectations for 2025. Our 2025 adjusted operating income guidance is $2.01 billion to $2.16 billion. At the midpoint, this represents 5.2% year-over-year growth. Now for some details starting with treatment volume. The middle of our adjusted OI guidance range assumes treatment volume growth is flat in 2025 compared to 2024. For the key underlying drivers of treatment volume, namely admissions, mortality, and mistreatment rate, our guidance assumes no significant changes to the trends we saw in 2023 and 2024. Embedded in this forecast is approximately 50 basis points of headwinds specific to 2025 associated with the number of treatment days and the headwind associated with the disruption in PD admissions in Q4. Moving now to revenue per treatment. We anticipate 4.5% to 5.5% revenue per treatment growth year over year. Around 40% of this expected growth is the result of new oral phosphate binder reimbursement. The remaining 60% is driven by rate increases, collections improvements, and changes in mix. On patient care cost per treatment, we anticipate growth of 6% to 7% year over year. Again, oral phosphate binders are a key driver, accounting for approximately 40% of the expected growth year over year. We anticipate the remaining 60% of the growth to be driven by inflationary increases in labor and other costs, with some offset from declining center closure costs as compared to 2024. We expect US dialysis G&A to increase by approximately 4%, which is driven by investments in our teams, capabilities, and processes, offset by a decline in center closure costs versus 2024. We anticipate US dialysis depreciation and amortization to decline by approximately $25 million to $30 million, driven by declining center closure costs and lower levels of CapEx in recent years.
Javier Rodriguez: In our IKC business, we expect relatively flat
Joel Ackerman: Year over year adjusted operating income compared to 2024. This is consistent with our prior expectations except for the acceleration of $10 million to $15 million of value-based care revenue from 2025 to 2024. For international, we expect approximately $50 million of year-over-year adjusted OI growth. This is the combination of the impact of the Latin America acquisitions we signed in 2024, the reserve against aged accounts receivable in Brazil impacting 2024's results, and continued growth in our existing markets. Shifting to EPS. Our guidance for 2025 adjusted earnings per share is $10.20 to $11.30. The midpoint of this range represents 11% adjusted EPS growth versus 2024, primarily driven by adjusted operating income growth and share count reduction due to share repurchases offset by the full run rate of higher debt expenses. We anticipate other losses below the operating income line of approximately $75 million, roughly flat to 2024. We expect interest expense of $525 to $555 million, which is a continuation of approximately $135 million per quarter. We anticipate an adjusted effective income tax rate of 24% to 26%, consistent with 2024. Free cash flow guidance for 2025 is $1 billion to $1.25 billion. Our capital allocation philosophy remains consistent with prior years. We will prioritize capital-efficient growth opportunities, target leverage between three and 3.5 times EBITDA, and otherwise, return capital to shareholders in the form of share repurchases. That concludes my prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. If you would like to ask a question during this, our first caller is Joanna Gajuk from Bank of America. You may go ahead. Please, hi. Thanks so much for taking the question. So I guess first on the volume outlook
Joanna Gajuk: For 2025. So you said flat at the midpoint. Is there a range associated with your OI range?
Joel Ackerman: Hi, Joanna. It is Joel here. Thanks for the question. So, yes, there is certainly a range associated with volume. There is a fair bit of natural variability in all three of the inputs of
Operator: Admissions,
Joel Ackerman: Mortality, and mistreatment rate, and that would be one of the factors that would drive the range we gave for OI.
Joanna Gajuk: Giving us, like, a range of I guess you know, call it minus one to plus one or anything narrower like that, or how should we think about that? Like, what is the, I guess, the main draw of outcomes here?
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. We decided not to quantify
Javier Rodriguez: I do not know that the variability
Joel Ackerman: We would see would differ a whole lot than the variability we would have thought about going into last year. But we missed our going into the year forecast in 2024 by a bit, so we were a little hesitant to give a range here.
Joanna Gajuk: On the comparable metric, right, the volumes were roughly flat in 2024. Right? Just to make sure. So you are kinda assuming a similar dynamic for the full year 2025.
Joel Ackerman: So the comparable number for 2024 was plus roughly 50 basis points. I think it is 47 basis points exactly. And just to be clear for everyone, when we give a volume forecast here, we are forecasting treatment volumes. We give a number of volume metrics like NAG and others that you can calculate, but we are really forecasting total treatment volumes. So the 2024 number was up 50 basis points.
Javier Rodriguez: That
Joel Ackerman: The midpoint of the range for 2025 is flat. There are really two things driving the decline. One is treatment days. Remember, 2024 was a leap year. And that is worth about 20 basis points of extra growth in 2024 that will not happen in 2025. And then we mentioned the disruption of PD supply from the hurricane. And the result of that was in Q4 we were unable to admit new peritoneal dialysis patients for some period of time. Some of those patients wound up in the center, but we believe we lost roughly 350 patients who otherwise would have come to DaVita Inc. who we think decided to pursue peritoneal dialysis with another provider. And because we lost those 350 patients, in Q4, it did not have much of an impact on Q4 volume. Will have a much bigger impact on 2025 volume, and that is where somewhere on the order of 15 to 20 basis points of growth in 2025. So you take that and the days, and that is really what accounts for the 50 basis point decline in terms of the core metrics of MIS rate, mortality, and admissions, we are viewing those in our guide as being roughly similar to what we saw in 2024.
Joanna Gajuk: Alright. Yeah.
Javier Rodriguez: Appreciate it. And if I may, on that number when you quantified the benefit to OI from the inclusion of the oral drug into the bundle zero to fifty. So I am a little bit surprised that there is actually a zero. So can you give us a little bit more color, like, why there is such a wide range? And also, you know, what scenario is it a zero versus a sixty? Thank you.
Javier Rodriguez: Hi, Joanna. This is Javier. Let me grab that one. And for the people that have not been tracking the oils in the bundle. This is in a class of drugs that the largest is phosphate binders. Is a medication to reduce the absorption of dietary phosphate and it was in part D and is moving into part B as in boy. And there are three variables to consider. One is mix, what kind of phosphate binder, and there are some generic, and there are some branded. Two is volume. And then three is adherence. This has a heavy pill burden. You have to take it at meals and snacks, etcetera. And so many people for different reasons low adherence.
Operator: And so this is
Javier Rodriguez: Very new to us. And so with those three variables, we are being I think, prudent in giving you a wide range. And once we get a bit of experience, we will see how that plays out. But the midpoint of the range feels the most likely spot with what we are seeing now. And then I will add one last point. On the volume side, which is it is hard to see volume up to now. Because in many instances, people pick up the prescriptions for 90 days. And since we are now only in February if you picked up your prescription in December, or November, you might not we do not have visibility to what kind of medication you are right. So that is why you have such a wide range right now.
Joanna Gajuk: Alright. Appreciate it. I guess I will go back to the queue. Thank you. Our next caller is AJ Rice with UBS. You may go ahead.
Javier Rodriguez: Thanks. Hi, everybody. I think if I got
AJ Rice: I heard you right, you said patient treatment cost would be up about 67%. And that is largely due to the phosphate binder inclusion. Can you comment on putting that aside? Is there any change in significant change in the way you are looking at the growth in patient treatment costs versus what you saw in 2024?
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. So
Joel Ackerman: The way I think about it and there are ranges around this, but I will use the midpoints here. The midpoint of growth in the patient care cost would be 6.5%.
Javier Rodriguez: That would be 3.75%
Joel Ackerman: From our historical costs and 2.75% from including the orals in the bundle. So if you are comparing it to what you have seen in prior years, that 3.75% would be the right number. And as we break that down, we typically think of it as
AJ Rice: Labor and everything else. And
Joel Ackerman: We see them both moving at about the same pace of growth for next year. Labor continuing to anticipate some higher pressure than we saw pre-COVID and everything else growing at about that same 3.75% range as well.
AJ Rice: Okay. Thanks for that. And maybe follow-up question. On the comments around capital deployment, do you have a figure for what you think you will do on share repurchases? Any comments on the deal pipeline, either international or in the domestic market and what you are seeing out there?
Joel Ackerman: So I am sharing purchases
Javier Rodriguez: I will stick with what we have said in the past, which is our philosophy
Joel Ackerman: We will look for capital-efficient growth, either investing in the business or through M&A. And we will keep our leverage or we will target our leverage in the three to three and a half range, which it is in right now. And everything else will go back to share repurchases. So we are not going to give a number, but I would not anything different than what we have seen in the past. In terms of M&A, we are looking at a few things. And I could certainly see a scenario in which we invest hundreds of millions of dollars, but as I have said in the past, I do not think we are going to do anything I do not see anything on the horizon now that would be that would significantly change the share repurchase program.
AJ Rice: Okay. Alright. Thanks a lot.
Joanna Gajuk: Thank you. Our next caller is Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead, sir.
AJ Rice: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. The US already data is showing sort of flat incidents for, you know, end-stage renal disease in 2024 and your treatments have been pretty flat this year. There is definitely a pretty big debate now about the impact of SGLT2 inhibitors on treatment volumes. Can you help quantify us the new starts that you guys saw in 2024 versus 2023? Just to help, sir, if the pair contrast what DaVita Inc. is seeing versus what USRD data is showing us.
Javier Rodriguez: Let me grab a bit of that question, and then Joel can give you the specific answer you asked. Because we have gotten several people assuming that the medication is having an impact. And the reality is that our physicians have looked at this very carefully. And the odds that this is impacting our patient population are quite low. At this juncture. And let me tell you why. Number one, the information that we have from CMS puts the prevalence of CKD patients, advanced CKD in the low teens. And the adherence in the mid-sixties. And so the ability to have an impact is unlikely. If it were to have an impact, you would also see the offset in mortality. So the MAC would hopefully be a positive, meaning it is stretching people's longevity. And so when we talk to our medical professionals, and they are reviewing all this data, they are very confident that that is unlikely to be the impact. Now the second part of your question is a bit more specific. Job? Yeah. So in terms of the date of Pido, our admission growth has been running ahead of what you see
Joel Ackerman: In the US RDS Data. It was stronger in the first part of the year, and it actually weakened significantly for Q4. Our new to dialysis admin growth was flattish in Q4, which is the first time it has not been running positive since for, I think, eight quarters.
Javier Rodriguez: So
Joel Ackerman: We have been looking hard at that.
Javier Rodriguez: And
Joel Ackerman: I would say two things about this. First, if you look at USRDS,
AJ Rice: Year over year, new to dialysis or incidents growth
Joel Ackerman: And we looked carefully at the ten years leading into there was a lot of noise in the data during COVID, but if you look at the ten years before COVID, it is noisy data. There were two out of the ten years where incidents growth was negative those years did not indicate any sort of secular trend. The data bounced back. It would move back and forth, it could move up to 3% year over year, and I think there was a 6% total swing though during those ten years. So we do not see
Javier Rodriguez: Negative date one year of negative data in USRDS as has
Joel Ackerman: The start of a trend necessarily, and we are basing that based on history. So that is point one. Second, picking up on what Javier said, if there is
Javier Rodriguez: Negative
Joel Ackerman: Admit impact in the industry today
Javier Rodriguez: We think the much more likely result is from
Joel Ackerman: Mortality in CKD four patients as a result of COVID than it is related to SGLT2 inhibitors or GLP ones for the reason Javier
AJ Rice: Ted. So
Joel Ackerman: Again, two points. One, a negative year of incidents growth is not a new thing. We have seen it before. It has not necessarily been the start of a trend. And second of all, if there really is a signal in that noise, we think it is much more likely the result of COVID than these new drugs.
AJ Rice: Okay. And then going on the PD I guess, when did your PD supply stabilize from Baxter? And then queues are quantify, you know, how those move starts, at this point return to normalized levels. You know, I understand the leap year impact I understand the quantification from sort of the drag from know, the fifteen, twenty basis points of losing those 350 patients. But can you can you actually quantify, you know, how the new starts should return to normal levels now that PD supplies have normalized?
Joanna Gajuk: Yeah. So we are back online, back to normal.
Javier Rodriguez: And so you should see that number pick back up or mixed pre-hurricane was in the mid-fifteens. Right below that, about fifteen four. So we are right around fourteen nine. So we should we should see that get back in line. It will take a bit of time. Maybe a year or so as the year plays out, but we are back to normal.
Joel Ackerman: And just to clarify two things. Pido. We are back to normal, but those 350 admits that we lost they are lost for all of 2025. They are not going to come back to us. Hence, the impact even though we are back to admitting at a normal level. And second, I will remind everyone, even though PD patients treat every day, when we were
AJ Rice: Report our volumes, we normalize that to
Joel Ackerman: In-center equivalents. So we do not pick up volume or lose volume in our volume count if a patient goes from PD to in-center or vice versa.
Javier Rodriguez: But then let me sort of
AJ Rice: You know, ask her one more different way is, you know, there was a sort of sixty-day time period when Baxter could not supply sort of this PD supplies. You know, I get your losses 350 patients, but now that that is normalized, why is the midpoint of the range flat? Why is not midpoint range not sort of fifty or a hundred basis points, you know, minus the twenty bips from BP or minus the twenty bips from PD kinda why it is flat. You know, the new level if patient trends are already normalized at this point.
Javier Rodriguez: Because those patients are in-center, they are just going to switch modality, but the treatments are the same.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. I would think of it as it is the same fifty basis point dynamic we had last year driven by mortality admissions and mistreatment rate and then you have got to subtract off
Javier Rodriguez: For these
Joel Ackerman: Two dynamics, which are specific to 2025, and we are in the we are not the case in 2024.
Javier Rodriguez: Great. Thanks so much.
Joanna Gajuk: Thank you. Our next caller is Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. You may go ahead, sir.
AJ Rice: Thanks. I appreciate the question. First, the Noncontrolling interest look a little bigger than what I would have expected given the OI in the quarter. Am I missing something there? Is there like, what which drives that number and was that, you know, larger than you expected?
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Justin. It was a little larger than
Javier Rodriguez: I think modeling
Joel Ackerman: NCI as a percent of US dialysis operating income for the year is the right way to model it, and I do not think anything has changed there overall. There were some collection dynamics associated with Change Healthcare that moved things from one quarter to the next. But overall, there is no underlying trend there that I would call out.
AJ Rice: So you are saying the percentage of operating earnings is not increasing? It might be flipping between quarters, but overall, the 2025 should be in line with the 2024. Exactly. Okay. And it will be I was hoping you could I mean, you ran most of the below the line numbers. And yet EPS looks a little bit light versus what I would have thought. The only thing I could think of is the is the share count. You want to run that? You want to give us an idea what your share count expectation is?
Joel Ackerman: I would rather not. I think I am trying to think what might not be in there. It depends on how you are modeling it. If you are modeling it by business segment. I think the corporate segment is probably going to be $25 million worse in 2025 than in 2024. And that is just about the timing of some equity compensation. Other than that,
Javier Rodriguez: I think if you are you know, we gave the other in
Joel Ackerman: Interest expense. We gave the tax rate.
AJ Rice: So
Joel Ackerman: I think got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Will be ultimately the question. And look. That will depend on a bunch of things. How much capital we deploy to buy back shares, obviously, what the share price is, it is impacted by when we buy the shares during the year as well because it is a weight average count over the course of the year. Maybe we will take it offline, Justin. We can make sure. There is not some arithmetic difference. I appreciate that. The other question I have is on revenue
AJ Rice: For treatment. Couple of things you said. One, the you know, that there is still some kinda juice to squeeze from collections. Which I had the impression, listen to your last quarter, that you thought that was petering out of bed. So I was curious how much of improving you expect there. You also mentioned payer mix. Would be great to know kind of where you ended the year and what you are assuming next year while you are talking about payer mix, can you can you give us your your you know, maybe the percentage of it of treatments coming from the exchanges or, you know, members with exchange coverage. Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. So so
Joel Ackerman: Starting on the collections question, what you are seeing in here, I think, is what we have called out over the course of 2024, which is the annualization of collections improvement that is that kind of hit midyear of 2024. And that is probably worth on the order of $50 million, call it. On the mix, there is really nothing interesting to call out about MA mix. We will move with the industry. There is really not a lot there. On commercial mix, we are at about 11% now, and we think we will pick up a few tens of basis points on that. In terms of the exchanges, we are at about 3% of our population are on the exchanges today.
Joanna Gajuk: And where was that number pre-COVID?
AJ Rice: Joel? I exchange Exchange is
Javier Rodriguez: If you go back pre-COVID
Joel Ackerman: I will give you the number from before the enhanced premium tax credits came in place. Sure. And it was right around 2%.
AJ Rice: Appreciate it. Thanks for the detail.
Joanna Gajuk: Thank you. Our next caller is
Andrew Mok: Andrew Mok with Barclays. You may go ahead, sir.
AJ Rice: Hi. Good afternoon.
Andrew Mok: Appreciate the comment that 40% of Rev per treatment growth is from phosphate binders. It looks like that is worth about $25 per treatment from Medicare patients. Do I have that math right? And if so, like, that feels a little bit light versus what CMS quantified today in the final rate. So just trying to understand the absolute dollars on the Medicare patients specifically.
Joel Ackerman: So no, Andrew. The number is more in the $10 to $15 for a Medicare patient. And just to get everyone the math. So if you use the middle of that range and recognizing not all of our patients
AJ Rice: Are eligible for
Joel Ackerman: Orals in through the bundle. Right? If you are on commercial or managed Medicaid, there are payer classes that are not getting this. And even for those who are, those on Medicare and Medicare Advantage, not every patient takes it. So that is why the 40% of our number, which is somewhere around $7.80 in our RPT is lower than the $10 to $15 because it does not apply to all patients.
Andrew Mok: Got it. Okay. And then on G&A per treatment, I think that was up 6% sequentially and 11% year over year. That looks like a big acceleration and maybe stronger than typical seasonality. Any additional color on what is driving that?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. Thanks, Andrew. I think the best way to think of G&A is in two parts. One is the let us call it the traditional, which is just the sort of thinking of it as a cost basis. The second part is now an investment portfolio that we have in there. And so the example that comes to mind is, IT where we are getting a lot of benefit on another cost line item,
AJ Rice: Four
Javier Rodriguez: Our revenue operations where you are picking up the benefit obviously, on RPT, and so the better way to think about that is that about half and half of that split, and so you are just getting the inflationary part of the cost item and we are getting good productivity on the other half.
Andrew Mok: Got it. Okay. And then on the patient care cost, I think that benefited from a gain on settlement in the quarter. Can you quantify that for us?
Joel Ackerman: Hold on one second. Oh, yeah. It is not something that I that I will want to call out. It is not a big deal and it is
Andrew Mok: Kind of relatively
Joel Ackerman: Routine and small.
Andrew Mok: Okay. Thanks for all the color.
Joanna Gajuk: Thank you. Thank you.
Ryan Langston: Thank you. Ryan Langston with TD Cowen. You may go ahead, sir.
AJ Rice: Thanks. Appreciate all the guidance details.
Operator: Joel. I hope I did not miss it, but did you touch on sort of seasonality, maybe at the consolidated level in IKC? Like, anything
AJ Rice: Sorta historically or
Operator: Different from historical seasonality or anything that we should be aware of just sort of maybe even first half, second half cadence.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. Here is the way I would think about it. So from an operating income standpoint, I would call out three things.
Javier Rodriguez: First,
Joel Ackerman: Revenue per treatment is always lighter in Q1 and builds over the course of the year. So typically, there is about a $5 seasonality hit on RPT in Q1 as a result of bad debt associated with patient pay and then the RPT tends to build over the course of the year. So that would be one. Second is IKC. Which is always back half loaded. It is very hard to predict the seasonality of IKC, but I think you can reliably count on it being back half loaded in the Q3, Q4 dynamic can sometimes be complicated. And fourth, expenses tend to go up in Q4, and that can hit both patient care costs as well as G&A. So if you put that in the mix, I would say our Q1 OI will be roughly 20% of full-year OI that grows through Q2 and Q3 and sometimes will drop down a little in Q4. That is at the OI line. As you are modeling EPS, you have to add to that the fact that share buybacks accumulate as the year progresses and as a result, share count will typically come down. So you will see a little bit more growth in EPS over the course of the year. So Q1 EPS will typically be even lower than that 20% number I talked about for OI.
AJ Rice: Got it. And just
Javier Rodriguez: One more thing. Any way you can tell us where you started out or where we are going to start out the year sort of an IKC between the snip
Operator: Patient. Count and maybe just some of the other IKCC lives, and then just any thoughts on anything changed in terms of potentially hitting breakeven in that business by 2026? Thank you.
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. Thanks for the question. We see the business thing flattish. This year and we had a bit of a timing thing that was called out about $10 million that rolled into 2024. So the OI line will look pretty similar in 2025. And what I would say is that we are still sticking to that breakeven in 2026. Time period.
Joel Ackerman: And
Javier Rodriguez: We gave that guidance around 2021. And we have been kind of right on top of our model and so no change in the expectation. Yeah. And
Joel Ackerman: On the SNP thing, I would not call out much change in 2025 relative to 2024.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Thank you.
Joanna Gajuk: Joanna Gajuk with Bank of America, you may go ahead.
AJ Rice: Oh, yes. Hi. Thanks. Thanks for follow-up. You must have been but the last one on my list was the free cash flow guidance implies that free cash flow could be down year over year. Is it because 2024 was that much better or anything to call out?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. I would say probably the biggest thing to
Joel Ackerman: Call out is just working capital changes. You know, there can be big swings at the end of each year, which is why we guide to such a wide range. There is nothing in particular I would call out in the free cash flow.
Joanna Gajuk: Okay. And in terms of clinic closures, you willing to give us a range of what you plan for the 2025 in your guidance for closure.
Javier Rodriguez: I think we have now hit a pretty normal position. So we will close what I would say pre-pandemic, which is somewhere in the 20 or so centers. On a yearly basis.
Joanna Gajuk: Okay. That is helpful. Thank you so much. Thank you.
Pito Chickering: Thank you. Our last caller is Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead, sir.
AJ Rice: Hey, guys. I just saw up on Ryan's questions on IKC.
Pito Chickering: Looks like since last quarter, you know, that you picked up 900 patients on the risk-based integrated care, but lost 2200 patients in the integrated care arrangement. I guess why do you guys lose those patients? And then the second one, if there is, you know, you know, to your point, the IKF is always for back up loaded as you get the true-ups.
AJ Rice: From managed care. And, yeah, as you guys get more and more experience, at which point do you move from
Pito Chickering: More of a cash-based accounting system into more of an accrual system? Just so you get more experience.
Joel Ackerman: So my chief accounting officer is sitting across the table for me glaring about cash accounting. So I will just clarify. We do not do cash accounting. We are careful about when we recognize our revenue and when the information flows in. That said, I understand the spirit of your question, Pito. And we have evolved. Right? Our value-based care component, which is the work we do with MA has we have been more comfortable estimating revenue a little bit earlier. So we have made progress there on CKCC, which is the Medicare fee-for-service program. We still take a more prudent approach and wait for more information to come in till we have better experience with that. And when we might change that, I think remains to be seen. In terms of the count on members, I would not read too much into that. You know, numbers will flow as attribution changes and small changes like this are not indicative of any underlying change in our IKC business.
Pito Chickering: Okay. So apologies to your chief accounting officer on that one. I guess you know, looking at sort of 2025, you know, I guess, how do the lives evolve this year? Do you see another step up as you have last few years?
AJ Rice: Or is this more sort of the run rate you guys will have within IKC?
Joel Ackerman: I would say for 2025 we remain focused on driving margin. I think there are contracts out there that we just see as unattractive and we are not going to pursue
AJ Rice: Just for the sake of
Joel Ackerman: Volume growth and revenue growth. So I would say 2025 is likely to look a, like, a much slower growth year from a membership standpoint.
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then last questions, and apologies if I missed that. In the script, you talked about
AJ Rice: A reserve in Brazil, $19 million. Was that an AR write-off that impacted OI or kind of what was the details around that? Thank you so much.
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. So it flowed through OI this
Joel Ackerman: Quarter. It was generally it was not generally. It was all about aged AR generally from 2023 and even before then. So as I think about it and the core earning power of the international business in 2024, this really does not impact the underlying earning power of the business, but it did float through Y from an accounting standpoint.
Pito Chickering: So your adjusted operating income of $491 million in the quarter that was impacted by the $19 million reserve that you took to Brazil this quarter.
Joel Ackerman: Correct. But it also benefited I mean, if you are thinking about head a headwind, tailwind, quality of earnings, whatever kind of analysis you are thinking, I would also point out it did benefit from that pull forward of IKC revenue from 2025 of about $10 million.
Pito Chickering: Yeah. So it is $491 million plus ten minus nineteen. Or plus nineteen minus ten. Got it. Thanks so much, guys. That is a reasonable way of looking at it.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I am showing no further questions. Speakers. I will turn the call back over to you for closing comments.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Thank you, Michelle, and thank you for the questions. In closing, I will go back to where we began the call. By highlighting 25 years of clinical innovation. We take our responsibility seriously to continue to beat his legacy of improving the lives of our patients and care teams. Regarding the financials, while the components of DaVita Inc. OI and EPS and EPS growth vary from year to year, what remains constant is our commitment to operating excellence and innovation. We will continue to apply that discipline across the VIDUS platform, including our core dialysis metrics as revenue, cost structure, and volume, while returning excess capital to our shareholders. Thank you all for joining the call, and be well.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening. My name is Michelle and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you, Mr. Eliason, you may begin your conference.
Nic Eliason: Thank you, and welcome to our third quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Nic Eliason, Group Vice President of Investor Relations. And joining me today are Javier Rodriguez, our CEO; and Joel Ackerman, our CFO. Please note that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our third quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, all subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other subsequent filings that we make with the SEC. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements, except as may be required by law. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that, during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release furnished to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Nic, and thank you all for joining the call today. I'm grateful for the incredible effort of our frontline caregivers as we deliver outstanding care for our patients while also navigating recent hurricanes and related supply disruption. Alongside these challenges, we continue to execute on operating efficiencies and innovate across the continuum of care. Today, I will cover our third quarter performance, which was in line with our expectations, provide an update on our supply chain, discuss our expectations for upcoming CMS 2025 final rule and wrap up with some comments about next year. But first, we will start the call as we always do with a clinical highlight. This quarter, we'll use this opportunity to highlight the remarkable resilience our patients and teammates have demonstrated in the face of recent storms. Over the past month, millions of lives were impacted by the devastation caused by Hurricanes Helene and Milton. Despite hundreds of centers being in the path of these storms, most were open within days of the storm relenting and all but one is fully operational today, providing care in these communities. Many inspirational stories emerge from the dialysis community which came together to support those in need. In the immediate aftermath of these storms, our care teams from across the country rallied to support the regions affected. DaVita deployed generators, water tankers, over 20,000 gallons of fuel in high-water crews to conduct wellness checks and search for missing patients and teammates. Local leadership worked tirelessly to account for all patients and teammates and to coordinate transportation for urgent access to the dialysis care many patients needed to survive. Our Asheville Kidney Center opened on the Sunday immediately after Hurricane Helene, under generated power to provide the care for patients from six nearby facilities. We and others in the kidney care community open our doors to anyone needing treatment, including those who normally treat with other providers. I was proud to see the dialysis community come together in common support of patient care. Combined with the dedication of our local care teams, our successful emergency response has again underscored the importance of scaled resources and operating discipline. Although the storms have since passed, our efforts are ongoing to coordinate humanitarian needs, including food, housing and other assistance. We continue to work with the impacted communities to rebuild. Thank you all to the teammates who have gone above and beyond to care for one another and our patients. Beyond the community impact, key supply lines were disrupted by Hurricane Helene due to the closing of Baxter's North Cove facility. Baxter supplies us with the majority of our peritoneal dialysis or PD solution used for home PD therapy and the majority of our saline used during each in-center hemodialysis treatment. Baxter and other manufacturers have been able to provide sufficient supply for all our current PD patients to continue the treatment relatively uninterrupted. While we have had to temporarily suspend new patient starts on PD, thanks to the great efforts of our regulators, government officials and Baxter. We expect to resume new PD starts next month and we expect supply dynamics to normalize in the first quarter. Shifting to sailing, Baxter is now able to supply us with approximately 60% of their pre-storm levels as they continue their work to bring the North Cove facility back online. Fortunately, we've been successful in securing alternative supply to ensure continuity of care and safety for our patients. Because these challenges occurred near the end of the quarter, the impact on Q3 financial result was minimal. For the fourth quarter, we estimate an impact of approximately $10 million to $20 million due to the high supply costs, lower PD patient starts and lower productivity from our home caregivers. This is now included within our 2024 adjusted operating income guidance range and we expect portion of this quarterly impact will continue into 2025, depending on the duration of the supply challenges. I'll transition now to our expectations for the ESRD final rule from CMS, which we anticipate will be published shortly. While there are many aspects of the rule, we'll be primarily focused on two areas. First, the market basket update, including how CMS handles the new proposed wage index and the base rate. As a reminder, the proposed rule led to an approximate 2.1% increase. The second is the transition of oral-only drugs into the bundle beginning January 1. As a reminder, this is a statutory mandate by which oral-only drugs, which are mostly phosphate binders will transition from the Medicare drug benefit over to Medicare Part B. While CMS made clear it intends for these drugs to enter the bundle, we are waiting on information such as initial reimbursement and the treatment of unbillable items. We continue to believe this transition to the bundle will provide more patients with access to these important therapies. We recognize that some pharmaceutical manufacturers continue to advocate for the legislation to delay the implementation of this long-standing rule, but urge legislators to put patient access first. We're prepared to implement this transition in support of our patients. Transitioning to our third quarter performance, adjusted operating income was $535 million and adjusted earnings per share was $2.59. We view our third quarter results as fairly straightforward, consistent with how we have delivered value throughout this entire year. Although treatment volume growth remains a challenge, our business continues to demonstrate resilience as we mitigate the volume headwinds with margin expansion, including the momentum of our IKC and International results, all while continuing to invest in our future. Cash flow remains strong and we continue to deliver on our disciplined capital allocation strategy, returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases. Turning to the full year. We remain on track to deliver results consistent with our 2024 guidance range. We're reconfirming our 2024 adjusted operating income guidance of $1.91 billion to $2.01 billion. This forecast now includes the impact of Baxter supply shortage. It is a bit early to give specific guidance for 2025, although I know that many of you are already looking ahead to next year. Over the next few months, we'll learn more key factors including open enrollment, oral drugs in the bundle, integrated kidney care, and others. So we will provide formal 2025 guidance on the fourth quarter call consistent with our normal cadence. That said, some multiyear context may be helpful. After challenging years in 2021 and 2022 during the pandemic, we're now on track to deliver our second consecutive year of double-digit adjusted OI growth despite continuing volume and labor pressures. Looking forward, we expect to return to adjusted OI growth more consistent with our historic pre-pandemic multi-year guidance. I will now turn it over to Joel to discuss our financial performance and outlook in more detail.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you, Javier. For the quarter, adjusted operating income was $535 million, adjusted EPS was $2.59 and free cash flow was $555 million. Let me start with some details behind the Q3 results. Quarter-over-quarter treatment volume per day was flat. This was in line with our expectations and is the result of continued strong admissions offset by elevated mortality and slightly higher mistreatment rates resulting from inclement weather, namely Hurricane Beryl in July and Hurricane Helene in September. We remain confident that our full-year treatment volume growth will fall in the range of 0.5% to 1%. Revenue per treatment was up more than $4 versus the second quarter, in line with our expectations. Our revenue cycle performance is sustaining the strong RPT results we've seen throughout the year. We still expect full-year RPT growth to be within the range of 3.5% to 4%. Patient care cost per treatment increased $2 sequentially. This was primarily the result of continued labor cost pressure plus higher medical benefits expense in the quarter. G&A costs increased by $19 million quarter-over-quarter due to typical quarterly variability in expense timing. Depreciation and amortization increased by $11 million in Q3 versus Q2 as a result of higher center closure costs. International OI increased slightly in the quarter as the result of strong operational performance offset by $4 million of unfavorable foreign exchange impact. Adjusted operating results within Integrated Kidney Care, our value-based care segment increased $32 million sequentially due to lower costs in our special needs plans and timing of revenue recognition related to CKCC, the government value-based care demonstration program. As always, we recommend evaluating IKC performance on an annual basis given the propensity for quarterly variability. We still believe IKC will have a full-year operating loss of approximately $50 million. Below the OI line, third quarter debt expense was $37 million higher than in Q2. This was due to two main factors. First, our 2% interest rate caps expired at the end of June and our current caps have a weighted average rate of approximately 4.3% for the rest of 2024. This impact is in line with our expectations and consistent with our guidance from the beginning of the year. The second factor contributing to the increase this quarter was the additional debt raised in August. Following our second-quarter earnings call, we successfully completed two debt transactions totaling $2.1 billion. The proceeds from these deals were used in part to repay our Term Loan B maturing in 2026, now making our nearest debt maturity 2028. Leverage at the end of Q3 was 3.17 times EBITDA, a slight increase from Q2, while remaining below the midpoint of our target range of 3 times to 3.5 times EBITDA. In the third quarter, we repurchased 2.7 million shares and we have repurchased approximately 600,000 shares to date in October. Let me close out with some comments on what remains of 2024 and our thoughts as we look towards 2025. As Javier said, we are reaffirming our adjusted OI guidance range of $1.91 billion to $2.01 billion. Despite the anticipated hurricane-related OI impact in the fourth quarter, we expect continuing operating momentum to offset the headwind. We are also maintaining our adjusted EPS range of $9.25 to $10.05 and our free cash flow range of $950 million to $1.2 billion. Looking forward to 2025, as Javier mentioned, it is too early to give formal guidance. Regarding some of the components of earnings, I would like to call out a few unique potential headwinds and tailwinds outside of our normal dynamics. For the headwinds, first, we expect mortality will remain elevated in 2025. Second, we expect the impact of the Baxter facility closure will continue in 2025. Third, the full-year impact of the expiration of our 2% interest rate caps will negatively impact EPS. For the tailwinds, first is the declining center closure costs in 2025 that we called out last quarter. Second is the positive OI impact from our international business driven by our Latin America acquisitions. And finally, we expect that the inclusion of orals in the bundle would be a tailwind if the pharma companies are unable to get legislation passed to delay the inclusion. Lastly, regarding RPT and PCC growth, we expect both to be elevated relative to pre-COVID levels. We will give an update on all these factors along with more quantitative guidance on the Q4 earnings call. That concludes my prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first caller is Andrew Mok with Barclays. You may go ahead, sir.
Andrew Mok: Hi, good afternoon. It sounded like there was a fair amount of operational changes to help navigate the hurricanes, but most of that would be felt in Q4. So wanted to better understand, one, how much of an impact hurricanes had on 3Q treatment volumes, if any? And then Joel, I think I heard you reiterate full-year treatment growth between 50 basis points to 100 basis points of growth, which would imply a fairly significant acceleration in 4Q against the presumably greater impact from hurricanes. So I just wanted to understand how we should think through that and square those comments. Thanks.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, thanks, Andrew. So for Q3, I'd call out the impact from hurricanes as about 10 basis points and that shows up in mistreatment rate. In Q4, I don't think this does much to change how we were thinking about Q4 before hurricanes.
Andrew Mok: So Q4 -- so the hurricanes aren't expected to have an impact on Q4 volumes?
Joel Ackerman: Less -- significantly less than the 10 basis points from what we've seen so far. The quarter is not over, obviously, so there could be additional challenges. But so far, no, it would be less than the 10 basis points.
Andrew Mok: Got it. Okay. And then appreciate the early comments on 2025 headwinds and tailwinds. Can you help us understand the order of magnitude of some of those? And hoping specifically you could comment on the potential financial impact of the inclusion of phosphate binders that could have on next year's results. Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Well, let me start with the end on that on the phosphate binders because we really tried quite a lot to give you a useful range. And unfortunately, we can't and it's just because there's not enough information to give you a useful number. So let me just give you an explanation of the underlying dynamics, so everybody can be on the same page. So first of all, there is a class of drugs, phosphate binders that will be the biggest part of the orals in the bundle. The first thing is we do not know because the rule hasn't come out, although we expect to hear shortly what the reimbursement will be by the government. Secondly, there are four products within the phosphate binders and we don't know the mix of those products. And the pricing is quite different between those four products between branded and generic. And within that, the branded have had restrictions and authorizations and other things that once those go away, we don't know what's going to happen with the mix. And then the last thing is the volume. There's about 10% to 15% of our patients that don't have Medicare Part D and weren't participating in these orals in the bundle and that's why we think that this is so good for access for those patients. And so, we don't know what will happen with that volume. So, if you start to play with the variables, they start to get quite wide because, in essence, the volume could tighten up, but then the reimbursement has a wide range. And then the one that really throws a lot of dynamics into it is the pricing and the mix within that pricing. So unfortunately, we're going to have to wait till next quarter to give you a better number, better sense of that.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. And Andrew, to follow up on the first part of your question. So I called out five factors, three tailwinds, two headwinds that would impact operating income. There was one additional, the interest expense, but that only hits EPS. Like the orals in the bundle, it is hard, there's a lot of swing factors that could apply to each of these. So I'm not going to quantify them individually. That said, I think a reasonable starting point for modeling would be that the headwinds and the tailwinds will offset each other at the OI line.
Andrew Mok: Got it. So when we think about the referenced target growth, which I think is 3% to 7% pre-COVID, that's inclusive of all those headwinds and tailwinds. That's how we should think about it?
Joel Ackerman: I think that's -- yes, I think that's right.
Andrew Mok: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is AJ Rice with UBS. You may go ahead.
AJ Rice: Thanks. Hi, everybody. I think I know the answer to this point of clarification, but I'll just make sure to get on the record. The $10 million to $20 million of hurricane impact that -- I assume, that's EBITDA, not revenue. And then maybe just more broadly on the treatment patterns. I know last quarter you said that new to therapy was back to pre-pandemic levels. It sounds like it was positive again this quarter. I just want to -- is there any -- is it stronger or is it about the same? And then the elevated mistreatments, is that strictly the hurricane impact or is there anything else going on there? And then, on mortality, it sounds like you're now extending that into 2025. Is that just because this is the first time you're commenting on '25? Or is there something new that's making you call out '25 on the mortality -- heightened mortality rates?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So let me try and get these in order. So first, in terms of the Baxter impact in Q4, it would be largely in EBITDA. There'd be -- there's the potential for a little bit in the revenue line if we lose some patience to another provider that's able to provide peritoneal dialysis and a patient for whatever reason chooses to go that direction. But I would say the vast majority of it will be -- will not be revenue. On the three factors affecting volume, nothing new on admits. It's running consistent with what we've talked about in the past. Mistreatment rate is --it's never just storms, right? Historically, it's always been somewhere around 6% on average during the year, although not the same quarter to quarter Q1 and Q4 tend to be elevated and Q2 and Q3 less so. So the 10 bps from the storms was kind of the 10 bps more than what we probably otherwise would have expected. But it's not the total mistreatment rate. And then on mortality, I don't think there's anything new here that negatively impacts our view of 2025. I think the fact that the elevated mortality continues and hasn't gone back to pre-COVD levels. Every quarter that that happens, it informs our views a bit. But I don't think we saw anything over this quarter that changed our views for next year significantly.
AJ Rice: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank.
Pito Chickering: Hey, good afternoon. So back on that non-acquired treatment growth number here. There's obviously a lot of focus here. Can you quantify the number of new patients you added in the first quarter, second quarter and third quarter? Any color on how many you lost to transplants sort of this year? Any color on those patients moving to other centers or geographies? I'm just looking for any other reasons besides mortality as I'm trying to tie out the treatment growth they get, they're looking at showing with a delayed USRDS quarterly data on incidence and prevalence. Thank you.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Pito. Let me just grab it at the high level because there is sort of, let's call it, a restless energy of trying to figure out what's happening with volume. But the reality is that it's just as straightforward as elevated mortality. That when you look at the admit growth, it is healthy. When you look at the mix, it is healthy. When you look at transplants, they are constant. It moves a little, but it doesn't really move the needle at all. It goes up and down bit. Our share of transplants has continued to be constant. So at the end of the day, we could have mistreatments move a little here and there because of storms or other things that are seasonal, but the bulk of it is elevated mortality.
Joel Ackerman: Yes -- and let me just
Pito Chickering: Sorry, go ahead.
Joel Ackerman: Let me just pop on to the first question was about the NAG in the quarter and let me just give you a little bit on that. Quarterly NAG has some volatility in it. If you're trying to do what I think you're trying to do, which is trying to piece out the volume trends which we're all trying to figure out. I don't think looking at quarter-over-quarter NAG is a great number for that. Within that number is factors including this treatment rate a lot about timing of census during the quarter. So it's down 60 bps quarter over quarter. I don't think that says anything material about where the volume overall is trending.
Pito Chickering: Okay, fair enough. Sort of follow-up here on IKC. Usually you true up with your payers during the third quarter. Pairs have had a lot of -- we'll say slightly volatility this quarter. Just curious how that true-up went with the payers for 2023 during the third quarter.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So we are on track for the year. I would say, I would encourage you and everyone as we always have, let's look at IKC on an annual basis rather than a quarterly basis. We're reaffirming our negative $50 million for the year which was -- has been our number all year long. And I would say the volatility that we read about in the payer market largely has not impacted us.
Pito Chickering: Okay. But then don't you guys do your big annual true-ups from the previous year during the third quarter? Is that the --
Joel Ackerman: We do them in the third quarter and the fourth quarter and they're going as planned.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Okay, fair enough. Okay. And then last question here. Just looking at commercial and MA price increases for '25 or needs tracking in line with historical levels. Thank you so much.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, there's nothing interesting to call out. Going as expected.
Pito Chickering: Great, thank you.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Lisa Clive with Bernstein.
Lisa Clive: Hi. Just on volume growth, given the continued decline, how should we think about volume growth for the year? I think previously you were at 0.5% to 1%. And any thoughts into 2025. And also, in IKC, can you give us any indication in terms of how your reimbursement is split between capitated shared savings? That would be helpful. Thanks.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, starting on the volume, for 2024, we're still thinking 50 bps to 100 bps of growth. So no change there. On the IKC thing, I think we'll have to get back to you on that one. Did I miss a question, Lisa?
Lisa Clive: No, no. I was just -- yes, I mean, I think just trying to think through the potential growth of IKC, both on the top line and revenue, just -- it would be helpful at some point to get some indication of how the economics work in there. Thanks. But I'll wait for you to get back on that.
Joel Ackerman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next caller is Joanna Gajuk of Bank of America. You may go ahead.
Joanna Gajuk: Hi, thank you so much for taking the question here. So I guess I just follow up on the last question here around volumes, right? So you expect to still grow slightly for the year? And then how should we think about, I guess, next year and your kind of ultimate target of growing 2% on volumes same-store?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So for next year, as Javier mentioned, it's pretty -- most of the story is about mortality and what happens to mortality next year. To put a little bit more color on that, I would say, if you take the middle of our range for this year of 75 basis points of growth, if you want to think about how to model next year, there is a slight headwind on treatment days for next year, about 25 basis points. And then there's one headwind and one tailwind. The headwind would be associated with clinic closures. We called that out last quarter as a source of headwind on volume for the year. And as the clinic closures come further into the background, further into our history, then I think we'll see a little bit of tailwind of that. And then we could also potentially have a headwind next year associated with PD and the Baxter issue that we're having and that's pretty simple. There are some patients who might want to start PD now. We don't have the ability to start all of the new PD patients over the quarter, and they might go to another provider. I would call those two things, the clinic closures and the Baxter PD as offsetting. So you really have next year, starting with a base of this year 75 basis points, less 25 basis points of day mix. And so you start with a base of 50 basis points. And then getting back to what Javier said, it's up to everyone to figure out what they think will happen to mortality next year versus this year. And then obviously mistreatment rate can also be another source of variability from one year to the next. So that's the framework I would lay out for how to think about it.
Joanna Gajuk: Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks for flying in the days impact. But if I may -- I have another question, but before I go there, just follow up on the PD patients. So I guess, yes, what's your home dialysis mix? And then inside that, what's the PD versus HD home?
Javier Rodriguez: So our mix in PD hasn't changed because it happened by the end of the quarter and that's in the mid 15 is the range. HHD is like a 2% or so mix. And I would take this moment just to thank Baxter and the government. They've been amazing, working literally around the clock to make sure that all of our patients get their supply. And so, as we look at what they've told us, we will obviously see a little deterioration in that through the fourth quarter, but we will normalize by the first quarter and try to get all our patients back on track.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. And the one thing I'd add, Joanna, is of those PD patients, remember, we expect to keep the vast majority of them. The new patients, many of them, about half of them are already dialyzing in our clinics and we think it won't be too much of an inconvenience for them to wait a little bit before they move to PD. Those new to dialysis patients who are going to go on PD have options, including postponing dialysis, assuming they have residual renal function, they could go in center and then transition to PD. And then there could be some who decide that they don't want to wait and will go to another provider. So what we would expect you to see is a decline, a potentially significant decline in our home mix over the next quarter, but the number of patients that actually leave DaVita or don't join DaVita, we don't think will be that high.
Joanna Gajuk: Okay. That's super helpful. If I may, another question I had on next year's outlook. I guess following up on your comment around, you expect the RPT growth next year to be still elevated. So are you kind of implying 3% to -- 3.5% to 4% that you're guiding for this year is the number to think for next year or is it a little bit less, a little bit more? How to think about it? Thank you.
Joel Ackerman: It's too early to guide quantitatively, but I would think lower than that.
Joanna Gajuk: Okay, so slightly lower than 3.5% to 4%, but you're saying higher than like your historical range?
Joel Ackerman: Yes.
Joanna Gajuk: Okay, great. Thank you so much for taking the question.
Javier Rodriguez: Hey, Joanna, this is Javier. Just to clarify the comment I said because I don't think I was clear as I should have been. 15.5% is our mix of home patients total, of which 2% are HHD and 13% in change are PD. I don't think that, that was correct.
Joanna Gajuk: Okay. 13% is PD. Okay, great. Thank you.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Our next caller is Ryan Langston with TD Cowen. You may go ahead, sir.
Ryan Langston: Hi, thank you. In the release, I think it said that 3Q advocacy costs had increased. But I think in the second quarter, those were down year-over-year. Can you just kind of give us a sense on what those are related to?
Javier Rodriguez: We've got several things going on through the advocacy costs, but a couple of the main drivers are California and the elections there. And then, of course, what we're doing with the restore of the patients in Washington, D.C. And then the last one would be the orals in the bundle because as you might have heard, there's some campaigns from pharmaceutical companies that are trying to delay orals in the bundle. And so, we're having to mobilize our resources in Washington, D.C. to make sure people are educated as to the good that orals in the bundle can do.
Ryan Langston: Got it. And then just last for me. I think on mistreatment second quarter in a row just elevated from weather, assuming we don't have any more, I guess, hurricanes, other weather events, et cetera, would we expect those to revert back to sort of normalized historical levels? Thanks.
Joel Ackerman: So they're still -- mistreatment rate is still running elevated relative to pre-COVID levels. So I think without additional storms, we would expect them to continue to tick down over time. The pace of that is to be determined. That said, remember, they do go up seasonally in Q4. So, with -- even without additional storms, you'd expect mistreatment rate to be up in Q4.
Ryan Langston: Got it. Appreciate the help. Thank you.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good evening. First question, just going back to your headwinds and tailwinds. I didn't hear you mention RPT annualizing the strength of 2024 annualizing next year. Just my numbers, I have you going from 2.5% to 3% to 3.5% before, right? So you guided up by 1%. A lot of that ramps in the second half of the year. So I would have thought the annualization of that strong second-half '24 growth would be a pretty good tailwind to 2025. Any comment on that? Am I missing something?
Joel Ackerman: Yes, Justin, your math is all right and we stand by our comments. We had a lot of debates, as you can imagine about what to call out as unique headwinds and tailwinds versus non-unique headwinds and tailwinds. So I think we stand by that and that's why we called out RPT is going to be higher than normal next year. We just chose not to put it in the bucket of headwinds and tailwinds we called out.
Justin Lake: Okay. And I'll take that offline. Then the $135 million of interest expense, is this a good run rate or does it potentially migrate higher into 2025?
Joel Ackerman: No, I think it's a good run rate. Our caps for next year are actually slightly lower than our caps for this year. So that could work. Just to be clear, the $135 million is the uptick for next year. So I think you should think about this as $270 million for the year. Oh, hold on one second. My team is looking at me. Let me come back to you in a second, Justin.
Justin Lake: Sure, sure. To be clear, I wasn't talking about the year-over-year. I was just talking about the --
Joel Ackerman: I'm sorry, the $135 million for the quarter, that is a reasonably good number. For next year, it could come down as a quarterly number because our caps are a little bit lower. But if you think of the two things that are driving the number up, it's more debt, which I wouldn't expect us to incur more debt over the next few quarters and then our caps aren't going to change materially.
Justin Lake: Okay. Do those caps expire or are they kind of at a reasonable rate? Like, you could re-up them right now? If they expired at the end of next year and interest rates didn't change, you'd be fine.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So we changed the way we do it. We have about a -- we have a cliff -- we had a cliff at the end of Q2 because we used to do a three-year or four-year cap. Now we do it rolling. So going forward, you wouldn't see a big change like this. It'll gradually move up and down depending on where interest rates are when the caps are put in place.
Justin Lake: Perfect. And then lastly, just apologize if I missed this, but did you give a mix number for the quarter versus, I think, the 11% you talked about last quarter commercial mix?
Joel Ackerman: Yes, there was really nothing material changes in the mix for any of our usual mix numbers.
Justin Lake: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Andrew Mok with Barclays. You may go ahead, sir.
Andrew Mok: Hi, thanks. Thanks for letting me back in. I just wanted to follow up on G&A. It looks like that was up 7% sequentially and 10% year over year. What were the drivers of that in the quarter?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, in G&A, we have a lot going on because we're trying to really go through the entire continuum of care and unite it, all the transitions of care. But the big bulk of it is going into IT is going in. And the second part is, of course, you've got wages in there. And the third part would be the reimbursement operations investment that rendered the increase in revenue per treatment. So those are the explain the vast majority of the increase.
Andrew Mok: Got it. Okay. And then maybe on the follow-up to the commercial mix. How much is the ACA exchange mix within the commercial mix within that, 11%? And how much growth are you seeing on the ACA exchanges this year? Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: So just to make sure I've got the right language, I think on the QHPs. So, on the QHPs, the country's running around 7% to 8% mix and our population is running around 3% mix. And so we're underrepresented because in QHPs, if one of our patients picks Medicare, they are out of the QHP. So that's why we're underrepresented.
Andrew Mok: Got it. And can you give us a sense of how much growth you've seen in that payer class? Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: We're growing exactly as the market grows. So that has been literally the lines are on top of each other.
Andrew Mok: All right. Thanks for all the color.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead, sir.
Pito Chickering: Hey, guys. It's a quick follow-up here for 2025. Will depreciation be another tailwind for next year?
Joel Ackerman: I'm sorry, I didn't hear that. Pito, can you say that again?
Pito Chickering: Yes, you bet. Will depreciation be another tailwind for next year EPS?
Joel Ackerman: It'll be flat to down. Well, the answer is yes. Part of it comes from the center closure number coming down, but excluding that, it'll be flat to down.
Pito Chickering: Okay. So, doing just some quick back-of-envelope math, mortality I get -- on the lack of a PD, that hurts. But Baxter's ramping up their facilities pretty rapidly. So that's pretty much solved in the first -- part of the first quarter. The Justin's questions on interest rates caps, that's just math. In center closures, international, that's again just math. Depending upon where the bundle goes, when you put together the headwinds and tailwinds, depending upon the bundle, isn't this a possibility this will be more of a tailwind than headwind? But we just want to see where the bundle ends up. Is that a fair way of think of thinking about this?
Joel Ackerman: I'm -- Just help me again with the end of the question, Pito. What specifically are asking if it's a headwind or tailwind? The bundle?
Pito Chickering: Yes. So the tailwinds seem -- just putting the math together on the headwinds, understand those and understand the math of the tailwinds. The biggest variable here seems to be with the bundles. And so depending upon...
Joel Ackerman: Got it. Okay.
Pito Chickering: And depending upon where the bundle goes, that will define whether the headwinds or tailwinds are a tailwind versus a -- maybe your commentary about a push. If depending upon the pricing we got soon, this could be, I guess, more favorable, depending upon what the government says in a week or two. Is that a fair way of thinking about it?
Joel Ackerman: I think there's probably a little bit more variability in a bunch of these lines than you're giving credit to. So, orals could be better, it could be worse. But all of these probably have a decent amount of play in them. So I think it go -- could go either way, a net headwind or a net tailwind.
Pito Chickering: Okay, fair enough. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I am showing no further questions. I'll turn the call back over to you for closing comments.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay, thank you, Michelle. And thank you all for your interest in DaVita. We'll end the call where we started with appreciation for the hard work of our DaVita Care teams on behalf of our patients. Although we will incur some additional expenses related to recent storms, we except to -- we expect to absorb these costs within the continued strong performance of our underlying business. We've covered a lot on volume and as we said, while mortality remains elevated, our investments in people and infrastructure and capabilities has returned our operating income to the pre-pandemic trajectory. Thank you for your continued interest and be well.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may go ahead

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Eliason, you may begin your conference.
Nic Eliason: Thank you and welcome to our second quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. Im Nic Eliason, Group Vice President of Investor Relations and joining me today are Javier Rodriguez, our CEO; and Joel Ackerman, our CFO. Please note that during this call we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our second quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, all subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other subsequent filings that we may make with the SEC. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements except as may be required by law. Additionally, wed like to remind you that during this call we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release furnished to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Nic and thank you all for joining our call today. On behalf of all the teammates who provide lifesaving care to our patients, I am grateful for the opportunity to report another positive quarter for DaVita. We continue to enhance our clinical capabilities while optimizing our revenue, operations and cost structure. Today, I will cover the details of our second quarter performance, comment on the CMS 2025 proposal, and wrap up with our outlook for the remaining of the year. But before I dive in, let me begin, as we always do, with a clinical highlight. As you know, every day, tens of thousands of DaVita caregivers work to give life to our patients. Nurses play a central role within our interdisciplinary care teams, serving as our patient's caregiver, sounding board and familiar face they see over 100 times per year. Unfortunately, thousands of nurses left the profession during the pandemic. As a result, the healthcare system is facing a critical nursing shortage. I am proud of the programs and initiatives we've implemented to support the next generation of dialysis nurses. I'll highlight three examples. First, we're collaborating with leading nursing universities on tailored nephrology specific nursing curriculum. We're also providing financial assistance to remove barriers to entry for prospective nursing students. Second, we've created a clinical internship program immersing students with hands on experience in DaVita Dialysis Centers. We have 700 clinical interns this year, with more than 2000 individuals participating since inception of the program. Third, we've built a nurse residency program to support new nurses from student to practicing registered nurse. Our goal is to help hundreds of nurses in the program to feel more confident during their first year of practice, which, among other things, can lead to better patient safety. We're excited to do our part to alleviate some of the pressures of the nursing workforce and to help ensure access to care is not a barrier. Transitioning to the second quarter performance adjusted operating income was $506 million and adjusted earnings per share was $2.59. This outcome was ahead of our expectations for the quarter, primarily driven by favorability in patient care costs and continued strength in revenue per treatment or RPT. Offsetting this favorability was volume growth that was lower than expected. This was primarily due to elevated mistreatments related to spring storms, along with lower than expected census gain. Our second quarter adjusted results also included approximately $15 million of center closure costs. In prior periods we excluded these type of costs from adjusted operating income as non-GAAP adjustments. We'll expand on this point throughout the call today. Let me give some additional detail on RPT growth, since it continues to contribute to our strong performance and supports our 2024 guidance increase. There are many variables in RPT, but I'll highlight two primary drivers. The first and largest component is continuous improvement in our collection capabilities. This is a multiyear effort, so let me elaborate a bit more on this one. The complexity of revenue operations has increased over the last few years. Billing and collecting from health plans now more frequently involves new data and process requirements. These challenges include navigating prior authorization, payer-specific billing requirements, numerous online payer portals, and separately billable items. These layers are exacerbated by a growing list of participating health plans due to the growth of Medicare Advantage and exchanges, and by our patients more frequently updating their coverage choices. In response, we made a series of targeted investments in technology and teammates to modernize and retain top in class capabilities. These investments focus on greater automation of routine tasks, increasing rate of electronic claim submission, and more frequent benefit insurance verification, among other enhancements. This has improved our overall collection rate and enabled us to collect on claims more quickly, reducing day sales outstanding. With more comfort and experience with these capabilities over the past year, we believe these improvements are sustainable and will continue into 2020 and beyond. Second, our health plan negotiations have resulted in modestly higher rate increases as a result of higher inflationary environment over the past few years. Despite these rate increases, we are still not recouping the full impact of high inflation. We continue our track record of innovation and discipline within our cost structure to bridge this gap. The combination of these two factors, along with continued improvement in payer mix increases our expectations for RPT growth for the year. In the first quarter, we communicated our expectation to land on the top end of our range of 2.5% to 3% RPT growth in 2024. With continued progress, we now expect 2024 RPT growth within a range of 3.5% to 4%. Staying on the topic of revenue, CMS recently released its ESRD Proposed Rule to update the prospective payment system for 2025. The CMS expected rate increase of approximately 2.1% was broadly in line with our internal expectations. The methodology has become more complex with the introduction of new wage index, and while we appreciate CMS effort to innovate, the proposal falls short of reflecting the industry true cost inflation. We will provide feedback to CMS in hope of improving this methodology in the final rule and in the years ahead. Absent further edits, the proposed rule would continue to put pressure on the system. Additionally, with the proposed rule, CMS reconfirmed its intention to include oral-only drugs within the bundle as scheduled beginning next year and identified positive policy changes to aid with this transition. DaVita supports CMS position and given our experience with calcimedics, we strongly believe this will provide more patients with access to these drugs since many of our patients do not have Part D coverage. We understand that there are entities arguing for Congress to delay the implementation with stated concern around patient access and the operational ability for providers to comply. DaVita is well prepared and investing the necessary resources to implement this transition in support of our patients. Turning to full year guidance, we are raising our 2024 adjusted operating income guidance while incorporating a change in treatment of our center closure expenses. We are raising 2024 adjusted operating income guidance from the prior range of $1.875 billion to $1.975 billion to a new range of $1.91 billion to $2.01 billion. This represents a $35 million increase at the midpoint of the range. This is the result of a $95 million increase in expected operating performance offset by now including approximately $60 million of full-year center closure costs that we previously would have excluded from adjusted operating income as a non-GAAP adjustment. Joel will provide more detail about this change in our non-GAAP reporting presentation. This guidance reflects sustained momentum in our key operating metrics, including the revenue per treatment progress we highlighted today and our expectations for a strong performance in the back half of the year. I will now turn it over to Joel to discuss our financial performance and outlook in more detail.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks Javier. Our second quarter adjusted operating income was $506 million, adjusted EPS was $2.59 and free cash flow was $654 million. Before I dive into the specifics on our performance for the quarter, let me add some detail to the change in reporting presentation of our non-GAAP results that Javier mentioned. As a result of a recent common letter from the SEC to DaVita we will no longer treat center closure costs as an adjustment in our non-GAAP presentations. These center closure costs impact our patient care cost, G&A and depreciation and amortization expense lines. Our adjusted OI and adjusted EPS for Q2 now include center closure costs and our updated full-year 2024 guidance shared today follows the same methodology. To help with comparisons to prior periods, we are also now showing prior period results under the new methodology. In aggregate, these costs represent approximately $15 million per quarter in 2024 for a total of roughly $60 million expected this year. For comparison, center closure costs in 2023 were approximately $100 million. For 2025, we are forecasting $20 million to $30 million of center closure costs. These presentation changes have no impact on how we manage our business nor our overall profitability, cash flow, or long-term expectations. With that, let me break down each of the components of our Q2 performance starting with U.S. dialysis and specifically treatment volume. Sequentially, treatments per day were up 1.1% in Q2 versus Q1. This increase was primarily due to census gains in the quarter and a seasonal improvement in mistreatment rate. Compared to the same period last year second quarter treatments per day were up 50 basis points.
Beryl: Second, U.S. net census gains were weaker than expected. Although new to dialysis admits grew for the sixth consecutive quarter, mortality was above our forecast. We expect both of these factors to negatively impact the second half of the year. For the full year, we now expect treatment volume growth will likely be between 0.5% and 1%. Revenue per treatment was up approximately $6 sequentially. This increase is primarily due to typical seasonality from higher patient coinsurance and deductibles in Q1. As Javier outlined, we now anticipate full-year revenue per treatment growth of 3.5% to 4% for 2024. Patient care costs per treatment were approximately flat quarter-over-quarter. Typical seasonal declines from items like higher payroll taxes in Q1 offset higher health benefit costs and other inflationary creases in the second quarter. Depreciation and amortization declined $12 million in Q2 versus Q1, partially as a result of a decline in center closure costs. Center closure costs in D&A were approximately $50 million in 2023, compared to $10 million in 2024. Since these costs are now included in our adjusted D&A numbers, we now expect a year-over-year adjusted D&A decline of approximately $40 million to $50 million. For Integrated Kidney Care or IKC, our value based care business, operating income declined $8 million sequentially. As we have seen in the past, we expect results in the second half of the year to be significantly stronger than the first half as a result of the timing of revenue recognition. International operating income was flat quarter-over-quarter. We have closed our acquisitions in Ecuador and Chile and expect our acquisitions in Colombia to close in Q3 and in Brazil by year-end. Moving now to capital structure, in the second quarter, we repurchased 2.7 million shares and to date in Q3 we have repurchased an additional 1.1 million shares. Leverage at the end of Q2 was 3.1 times EBITDA. This was down from three months ago due to growth in trailing 12-month EBITDA and a reduction of net debt by over $200 million. As of the end of Q2, we held approximately $400 million of funding from Change Healthcare's parent UnitedHealth Group, related to the cyber event earlier this year. As of today, that balance currently sits at approximately $300 million and we expect additional repayment to align with successful collections on impacted claims. We continue to collect on Change Healthcare impacted claims and U.S. dialysis days sales outstanding have declined by 14 days quarter-over-quarter. As always, we are assessing opportunities to optimize our capital structure, which includes looking to address the remaining balance of our term loan B maturing in 2026. We continue to target leverage within our range of 3 to 3.5 times. To this end, we are also assessing opportunities to increase our debt to ensure sufficient capacity to maintain leverage within this range. To conclude, let me share some additional detail about our updated adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS guidance for 2024. As Javier said, our new adjusted OI guidance range is $1.91 billion to $2.01 billion. There are several moving pieces within this number, so let me give you the key puts and takes. First, we are now including expenses related to center closure costs in this adjusted OI range. This is an approximate $60 million of additional operating expenses that were previously not in our adjusted OI guidance. To reiterate my earlier comments, this is a change in the presentation of our adjusted results and does not impact our GAAP financials or cash flows. Second, additional RPT growth of approximately 50 to 100 basis points relative to our previous expectations represents an increase of approximately $85 million at the midpoint. Third, the range reflects improved expectations for patient care costs, mostly related to labor and productivity improvements, which is mostly offset by our revised volume expectations for the full year. Altogether, these changes represent an approximate $35 million increase in our adjusted operating income guidance at the midpoint of the range. We are also updating our 2024 adjusted earnings per share guidance to a range of $9.25 to $10.05 primarily due to the increase in adjusted OI. That concludes my prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank, you may go ahead sir.
Pito Chickering: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Nice quarter and thanks for taking the questions. On the NAG, can you give us some color on what you saw through the quarter and what you saw in July? Just looking at the high end of your revised guidance, you get to grow like 1.5%, which is a big step up versus what you saw in the first half of the year. So just want to sort of see kind of what you guys are seeing to give you confidence in the high end of that.
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. Thanks, Pito. So through the quarter, what we really saw was mistreatments were elevated relative to what we expected and our census growth was below expectations. The pattern there has continued new to dialysis admits remain strong and the growth there is consistent with what we had seen pre-COVID and mortality remains elevated. In terms of the back half of the year, I'd point out one thing that gives us confidence, which is we've got an extra treatment day in the second half of the year relative to the second half of the year last year. So that in and of itself is about 30 bps of additional growth. Other than that, we really haven't modeled in a whole lot of changes for the back half of the year. We haven't built in much census growth, and we're expecting mistreatment rate to continue to be challenging. So if you really think about the back half of the year, year-over-year growth, it's really about treatment days rather than any change in any of the underlying assumptions.
Pito Chickering: Okay, fair enough. And you gave some of the moving parts, but if we exclude the $60 million of closure costs, you raised guidance by $95 million. Can you just bridge us the components of sort of how you raise guidance by $95 million versus previous guidance? I just want to understand that as I think about sort of 2025. Thanks.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So I'd start with revenue per treatment, where we moved the guide from what essentially last quarter was 3% now to 3.5% to 4%. So at the midpoint, 75 bps is worth roughly $85 million. So that's number one. And that's coming from a combination of continued success on the revenue operations, strength in contracting that we've seen through the year so far, and then a little bit of mix improvement, so that's the dominant factor and worth $85 million. Contributing to that as well is some improvement we're seeing in labor costs. I'd highlight two things there. First, some of the premium pay, whether it's overtime or spot bonuses, have come down. And second, we are seeing a little bit better productivity in the year than expected. Those two things combined are worth about $30 million. And offsetting that is about $20 million of OI headwind from the lower volume that we've called out. So plus $85 million from RPT, plus $30 million from labor minus $20 million from volume, that will get you to $95 million increase before taking into account the $60 million change in center closure cost.
Pito Chickering: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. You may go ahead, sir.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Let me just followup on Pito's question there. You said $20 million from lower volume?
Javier Rodriguez: That's right, Justin.
Justin Lake: And you took down volume by what, 75 bps at the midpoint?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. I would say, as we were thinking about it, we probably weren't internally modeling as of last quarter that we'd be at the midpoint. So you'd probably get to a little bit of a lower -- you'd have to start at a slightly lower volume number to bridge to that $20 million.
Justin Lake: So maybe it's 50 basis points. I'm just trying to think about the relativity here volume to OI?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, you're in the right ballpark yes.
Justin Lake: So in your mind, 50 basis points of volume is about $20 million of OI on an annual basis?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. If you had asked me, just stand alone, what's 50 basis points of volume worth? I probably would have told you $50 million to $60 million. So maybe use a slightly lower number.
Justin Lake: [Indiscernible] it's not the same thing.
Javier Rodriguez: Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Correcting me, 1% is worth 50 to 60. So you're in the right ballpark there.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then on center closures, did you say $20 million or $30 million for next year?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes for 2025, we think the number will be in that range.
Justin Lake: Okay.
Javier Rodriguez: And just to be clear about that, when you're modeling center closure costs, it's important to realize that not all the costs come right when we close a clinic. Some of them, like lease acceleration costs for example, can have a delay from when we close the clinic. So I think by next year, our clinic closure rate should actually be back to what it was pre-COVID level, call it 20 clinics a year, somewhere in that range. But the costs we're calling out will be a holdover from what we've seen. Some of them will be a holdover from the clinic closures in 2024.
Justin Lake: Got it. That's what I was trying to get to. So you think you'll be back to, like 2020 center closures next year?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, something like that. This year, I think last quarter we had called out 50 for the year. We're probably running light. And I would guess at the end of the year, we'll probably have closed only about 40 for the year and getting back to a more normal pace for next year.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then just a question before I jump off on revenue for treatment. One, I think you said in the release you had some offsets to pricing from mix pressure. What's mix in the second quarter versus Q1?
Javier Rodriguez: Mix was down a drop in Q2, but it's hanging right around 11%. It's right where it was at the beginning of the year. Our commercial mix at the end of Q1, which I don't think we disclosed, was a little bit harder to estimate because of some of the changes, some of the challenges with Change Healthcare as some of the claims were delayed. But I don't think there has been a lot of movement on commercial mix between Q1 and Q2 that would have any real financial impact.
Justin Lake: And then lastly on the exchanges, so I assume that you were at 10.9 to end the year, if I remember the fourth quarter report. But let's say you're at 11. How much of that's coming from exchanges today and how much of that came from exchanges let's say pre-COVID.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, the number is up about 200 basis points.
Justin Lake: Okay, I'll take that. I appreciate it, guys. Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is AJ Rice with UBS. You may go ahead, sir.
AJ Rice: Hi. Thanks for the question. On the IKC business, I guess year to date, the loss, if I've calculated rice, about 60 million. I know your target for the year is $50 million and as you did say in the prepared remarks, you think you'll see more positive in the back half of the year. Is 50 million still the expectation? And does that suggest you'll be positive in both the third and fourth quarter?
Javier Rodriguez: Thanks for the question, AJ. You've got the numbers right, meaning we're at negative $60 million and change for the up to year-to-date, and we still expect the year to come in in that $50 million range. But it's not necessarily because there's a big change in the business, but rather revenue recognition on the back end of the year and so that's the big difference there. And as you know, this business, and we've asked you to look at it more on an annual basis, because quarter to quarter fluctuation can be a bit more dramatic, but that still holds on the range.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. And AJ, just on the quarterly spread between Q3 and Q4, it can be hard for us to predict when the revenue will land. That said I would expect Q3 to be a loss making quarter again and Q4 to be a much, much stronger quarter. Then again, depending on when we get information, some of the Q4 revenue could pull forward to Q3.
AJ Rice: Okay. And obviously, it sounds like the comments on the volume are mostly around the storm impact and mistreatment, but you did sort of mention mortality. What did you see in mortality? And was that a significant contributor to your decision to adjust or that's just the normal fluctuations you see from quarter-to-quarter?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So the short answer is mortality is definitely higher than we expected and maybe it would be helpful to step back for a second and just give you a sense of how we're thinking structurally about where we are on volume for the year. And as we step back, the question we have been asking ourselves is, we are behind on volume growth, call it 150 bps relative to pre-COVID relative to where we'd like to be. And we've spent a lot of time trying to quantify that. We are limited by the information we have, both the quality of the data as well as the timeliness of the data, recognizing we're playing with relatively small numbers here, 100 bps, 150 bps with inputs that have a decent amount of volatility or variability. That said, as we try and quantify it, we think the $150 million gap between where our volume growth for the year is relative to where it was pre-COVID is really made up of two things. About 50 bps to 100 bps of that gap is related to mortality. Mortality is just running higher than it was. It's actually up this year relative to where it was six months ago. And we think structurally, that's the biggest component of why we're not 150 basis points higher. The second thing we believe relates to the capital efficient approach we took to managing our clinic footprint. You go back three or four years, volume for us and the whole industry was beginning to decline. We recognized that our capacity utilization was going down, and we were very focused on getting back to a healthy capacity utilization, one that could support our investment in our teams, in clinical quality and in information technology. And the result of that was we pulled back on de novos before others did, and we closed roughly 200 clinics over the last few years. The result of all that was a decline in our clinic share over the last few years, call it a point and a quarter, roughly. And with that, we believe we have lost some volume. It's hard to quantify, but if we had to put a range on, it would probably be somewhere in the range of 40 to 60 basis points. So you put those two things together, 50 to 100 basis points of mortality higher than historical, combined with 40 to 60 basis point impact from our clinics footprint management and we think that explains the majority of the 150 basis point gap. I will note one important thing new to dialysis admits is not on our list of the gap. As I've said before, those remain strong. The growth in new dialysis admits is consistent with the growth we saw pre-COVID and remains at a healthy level. So I hope at the beginning, I answered your question about the year and then gave you a bit more color on the bigger picture. Javier, anything to add?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, I'll add one thing. First of all, at the beginning of the sentence, Joel inadvertently said 150 million, and he was talking about 150 basis points just to make sure that the record reflects that. The rest of the conversation, he was clear on the 150 basis points. But I think while he walked you through a lot of numbers, at the end of the day, the question that you and all of us are trying to ask ourselves is, is there a structural change that is going to change the growth rate? And to the best of our ability on the work that we've done the answer that we come up with is no. It appears that we are in a bit of just, let's call it a period of time where mortality is elevated, but we see through these new to dialysis patients that the volume should come back to normality over time.
AJ Rice: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Our next caller is Andrew Mok with Barclays. You may go ahead, sir.
Andrew Mok: Great, thank you. Maybe just to followup on that mortality point, I guess what's the working assumption on why mortality is elevated? Because I think the excess mortality dynamic during the early years of the pandemic would intuitively suggest there would be a tailwind in the aftermath. So what's your working assumption here on why it remains elevated? Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Your question is one that we've been asking a lot, and we've been talking to our physician community and trying to understand what is driving it. The reality is that people come up with hypotheses and you can actually support it a bit, a higher elevated flu season, et cetera. But the real quantifiable answer is not one that we could say with confidence. And if you were going to say on the other side of the equation, we're starting to see improvements on things that should have an impact on mortality, like the integrated kidney care, managing people upstream, new drugs, SGLT2 and GLP-1, et cetera. And so we are scratching our head and we will be working on it, and as soon as we get something with confidence, we will share with you.
Andrew Mok: Great. Okay, thank you. And then in the prepared remarks, I think you mentioned that the improvement in collections is a multiyear effort. And given the strong gains we've seen over the last six quarters, just where are we in this process and how much runway is left beyond 2024? Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, I would say there's certainly going to be more in 2025, if from nothing else than just the annualization of the improvements we're anticipating in the back half of the year. Looking forward from there, I think it's safe to say that any benefits from this are going to decline over time. And what I mean by that is their contribution to RPT growth will combine over time. I think everything we've achieved so far is sustainable. That said, it's hard to predict how much more there is and over what time period we're likely to capture it. I think it is fair to say relative to when we started this a few years ago, and when we started talking about it with the street in Q2 of 2022, it has certainly exceeded our expectations.
Andrew Mok: Got it. If I could just followup on one more point. I think you called out the clinic closures as being a potential drag to volume growth as well. I think given you and your competitor, one of your big competitors, are closing clinics at the same time, where do you think, how much leakage do you think there is, therefore, where are those patients going to get their dialysis treatment if not one of the two large dialysis chains? Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, so we've done a lot of work on this, and interestingly enough, the data we have on clinics is actually better. Clinic share is better than the data we have on treatment share. And we believe that the mid-size and smaller dialysis operators have actually gained share over the last few years. They have closed fewer clinics, they have built more clinics, and the result of that is probably picking up some volume as a result of that.
Joel Ackerman: And the question on that, and we ask ourselves, is that good or bad? In general of course, you start to think of market share, and in this one, it's clinic share. And the way that we've looked at it, and of course, time will tell, is that we led the way in stopping de novos as the mortality escalated during the pandemic. So if you see DaVita build, it was very aggressively stopped, and then we led the way in right, sizing the capacity. And so if you were just going to do shorthand, you would say, we've closed roughly 200 centers. And depending on the math, you could say it's roughly $100 to $150 million of fixed expense reduction. And the loss of volume is roughly in that $50 million. So you would say that just with that math, it looks like we're making the right trade off. Of course, there's a lot of other dynamics of patient access, the local relationship with physicians, and all the normal considerations that we have to go into. But I'm just giving you the money side of it.
Andrew Mok: Great. Thanks for all the color.
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. Hey, before we take the next question, I just want to come back to an answer I gave to Justin on the exchanges. I talked about 200 basis point increase from the exchanges. I just wanted to clarify, that's 200 basis points of revenue, not 200 basis points of mix increase that came from the exchanges. So just wanted to make sure that was clear.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next caller is Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. You may go ahead, sir.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks. Maybe just to follow up on that point, do you just have, like, the percent of revenue that comes from the exchanges year-to-date so far?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, I'm not sure we're going to, I don't think we're going to give that number, Kevin.
Kevin Fischbeck: And then you made a comment in the prepared remarks about leverage, and I think you said that you were looking to add debt that to ensure capacity would be in this range. Are you saying that you would look to potentially lever up to deploy more capital, I guess, on share repurchase, or were you just talking about something else?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, so I wouldn't use the phrase lever up, because what we're really targeting here is maintaining the leverage range of three to 3.5 times. And if our goal was to get our leverage range or our leverage multiple above that, that's what I would characterize as levering up. I think the reality is, as our EBITDA grows, in order to maintain that leverage range of three to 3.5 times, recognizing we're at the low end of that range right now, we need more debt capacity, and it's just using the middle of the number. As EBITDA goes up, you multiply it by 3.25, and that's the capacity you need. So we're thinking about how much debt capacity, do we need to make sure we can stay in that range as EBITDA grows.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And in theory, that capacity would be used on share repurchase. Is that, or is there anything else?
Javier Rodriguez: I mean, it would be used using our capital allocation philosophy. So the first thing we would love to do would be to invest it in growth, recognizing it needs to be capital efficient growth, and hit our return thresholds. Barring that, share repurchases would certainly be on the, at the top of the list of how we would use excess capacity to maintain our leverage level.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then I guess just on that point as well, the change line of credit, how do we think about that? That's going to be, I mean, in fact, I guess your free cash flow, but I guess that would be a use of free cash flow to pay that back or you just collect less from United.
Javier Rodriguez: No, I just think of it as debt, and it's included in our net debt number today. And if we had, if we drew an extra $400 million on the revolver or we did a bond deal and we used it to pay down the change debt, it's just one form of debt exchanging for another form of debt. So it wouldn't hit free cash flow. It wouldn't change our leverage ratio.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then I guess just going back to the mortality point because it is hard to understand why it's such an issue now. And, I mean, I guess it's hard to say if you don't fully know the reasons behind it. It's hard to say when it would normalize. But is there any thought about why things wouldn't get back to normal over the next couple of quarters? And I guess, what is it that you're looking for to kind of know that you're on the other side of that?
Joel Ackerman: Well, predicting it is not a good idea, I don't think, because the odds of being wrong are probably 100%. But the reality is that we do agree with you that we don't think it's structural and that it will revert back to normality. And again, I've highlighted some of the improvements that we think can happen from mortality. And many people say, well, why don't you know exactly what happened? And the assumption is that death happens while they're in dialysis.
SNF:
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, maybe just last question. Since revenue for treatment seems to be like a big part of the guidance raise, it sounds like everything that's happened so far you think is sustainable. I guess next moves around a little bit. Can you talk a little bit more about the commercial contracting? It sounds like that has come in a little bit better maybe than you thought it was going to. As far as better capturing recent inflation, how should we think about commercial contracting in the 2025? Is that still going to be a tailwind similar to what you're seeing now, or is that going to normalize for some reason.
Joel Ackerman: Well, on RPT, basically you have to think of three dynamics. You have mix, you have negotiations, and you have revenue cycle, and so you're asking about the negotiations. And I think to think about the future, you have to kind of put yourself into the future, which is what is the environment? Is it still inflationary, what contracts are up for negotiation, et cetera? As we've explained in the past, we are comprehensively contracted, and our big contracts usually come up every three to four years.
bats:
Kevin Fischbeck: Got it. I guess maybe, just maybe, ask a little differently. If you're getting a little bit of commercial contracting, do you feel like there's a shift at all in the negotiations? Whether managed care companies realize they need you more for network reasons or they are appreciating the value, you provide more, and that's giving you a stronger negotiating power, or it's just more. Inflation's higher, and so rising tide lifts all shifts.
Javier Rodriguez: I think the conversations are the same, meaning everybody's trying to do their fair share and containing costs. Everybody's trying to add value to the patient community and have an expansive network and just do the best we can. And of course, we have to take into account costs and inflation and all those type of things, but those dynamics haven't changed other than the consideration for inflation.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: And our next caller is Ryan Langston with TD Cowen. You may go ahead.
Ryan Langston: Hi. Good evening, thank you. Just a couple from me. On the lower census growth, maybe I missed it, but is that isolated to any particular geographies, or maybe are there just certain geographies that are maybe performing below kind of the average and maybe pulling that down a little bit?
Javier Rodriguez: No, Ryan, we're pretty much seeing that across the board.
Ryan Langston: Got it. And then just to clarify, maybe on the RPT improvement, sounds like obviously you're still working through that, and some of that will annualize into 2025. Is it fair to assume that may end up just from a year-on-year, maybe closer to 3.5% to 4%? You're guiding this year as opposed to maybe the 2.5% to 3%?
Javier Rodriguez: I'm sorry, are you asking about 2025 RPT?
Ryan Langston: Yes, I'm asking if you're guiding to 3.5% to 4% this year, but some of it will annualize into next year. Is it fair that the growth rate might be higher, closer to 3.5% to 4% in 2025 versus maybe prior? We would have thought maybe closer to 2.5% to 3%?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. It's early for guidance, but I would not go to 3.5% to 4% for next year. I think that would be a real stretch to perform at this level for another year.
Ryan Langston: Okay, thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead, sir.
Pito Chickering: Hey, guys, just some quick follow ups here. What percent of your treatments were home treatments this quarter and what was your center liquidization this quarter and how to compare versus first quarter?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, home utilization is still running in the mid to high 15s. In terms of capacity utilization, we're somewhere between 58.5 and 59 somewhere right around that.
Pito Chickering: Okay. And on the international business, the margin looks about 7% range, I guess. How do you think that evolves over the next couple of years?
Javier Rodriguez: I think growth in international for the next couple of years, especially next year, is likely to be higher than it's been in the past, largely driven by the acquisition that we've done in Latin America.
Pito Chickering: Sorry for the OI margins. Like the track. Around 7% [indiscernible], I guess. How does that evolve over time?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, I think it will continue to tick up. I don't have a view on could it ever get to the U.S. margins, but I would say that's highly unlikely.
Pito Chickering: All right, last one, Frankie.
Joel Ackerman: The margins internationally have a couple of dynamics. Number one, there is no such thing as international. There are 12 to 13 countries. And of course they weigh differently. And in some of these you have one payer, the government, and so they will go in periods where there's no increase and then they will have a lump increase and so it's got a little more unusual dynamics and harder to predict the margin.
Pito Chickering: So then if margin is, I guess, harder, I guess, why is that a better use of cash flow than doing share repo?
Joel Ackerman: Well, we're confident on the adjusted return, but you're asking a different question, which is are we seeing margin increases?
Pito Chickering: Okay, fair enough. And the last one for IKC, you picked up about 3000 lives. This quarter was last quarter. But the medical spend per life is about half of what it was on the average the last quarter. So as you're bringing new patients on to IKC, you sort of talk about what type of patient dynamics they are versus who you have currently in there. Thanks so much.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. I would be cautious with that ratio of medical cost per life. A lot of the lives you're talking about there, their medical costs don't actually flow through our P&L. It's only the snippet lives where the medical costs flow through. So I probably wouldn't go there with that calculation.
Pito Chickering: All right, fair enough. Thanks, guys.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Pito.
Operator: And at this time, I'm no showing no further questions.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Thank you, Michelle and thank you all for the questions. To conclude, it was another strong quarter for DaVita resulting from our investments in recent years to build a great team, strong systems, and enhance our capabilities as we look ahead while it's a little early to offer guidance, we believe that the underperformance, the underpinnings of our margins are sustainable. With this foundation, we're excited about the future we can achieve to benefit our patients, partners and teammates. Thank you for your continued interest in DaVita. And be well.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Eliason, you may begin your conference. 
Nic Eliason: Thank you, and welcome to our first quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Nic Eliason, Group Vice President of Investor Relations, and joining me today are Javier Rodriguez, our CEO; and Joel Ackerman, our CFO.
 Please note that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our first quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, all subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other subsequent filings that we make with the SEC. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements, except as may be required by law.
 Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release furnished to the SEC and available on our website.
 I will now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez. 
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Nic, and thank you all for joining our call today. Through the first quarter, we continued building on the momentum generated through 2023, demonstrating operational discipline while continuing to find opportunities to invest, innovate and most importantly, deliver clinical excellence. Today, I will cover our first quarter results, provide color on our expanding international business and wrap up with an update on Change Healthcare claim disruption. Before we get into our first quarter performance, I'll start as we always do with a clinical highlight.
 One of our strategic goals is to provide solutions for patients at every stage along the kidney care journey, including helping to support transplantation. Our aspiration is to enable as many patients as possible to receive this life-changing gift. Let me highlight 3 ways that DaVita is helping to address the systemic challenges of kidney transplant. The first is patient referrals to transplant centers. We recently achieved our highest monthly rate with more than 2/3 of DaVita patients under the age of 75 years old being referred for transplant. 
 The second is living donation. The number of living donors in the United States has essentially been flat over the past 2 decades. To encourage more living donors, we partnered with the National Kidney Foundation on its Big Ask, Big Give campaign to educate the community on living donation. We also offered patients a range of resources to support them through the conversations about living donation. 
 And finally, because there is a gap on transplant rates across race and ethnicity, we created a new Health Equity Learning Lab. By deploying transplant navigators, we're testing novel approaches to drive a more equitable distribution of patients succeeding on their quest to receive a transplant. Through these and other efforts, more than 8,000 DaVita patients received a kidney transplant in 2023, the highest number of annual transplant in our history. Unfortunately, the largest challenge continues to be constrained organ supply. You may have seen recent stories about compassionate care cases involving genetically engineered-pig kidneys. This is an exciting first step as society aspires to a future where organ availability is no longer a constraint for patients living with kidney disease. It is still in its early days for this technology as human trials will take some time. In the meantime, we will continue to invest in transplant and participate in innovations that will improve access to this life-changing outcome. 
 Transitioning to our first quarter performance. Adjusted operating income was $463 million, and adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations was $2.38. We had a strong quarter across our core financial trilogy with treatment volume and patient care costs performing in line with our expectations and incremental upside driven by revenue per treatment. Our Q1 performance provided increased confidence in our full year expectations, and therefore, we're raising the bottom of our adjusted operating income guidance putting our updated range at $1.875 billion to $1.975 billion. 
 Within these consolidated results, our international business is a growing piece of DaVita's portfolio. As a reminder, our international strategy is focused on 3 primary principles, first, identify markets that enable us to invest in clinical differentiation and provide excellent standards of care to our patients. Second, operate in countries where we have a path to achieve meaningful scale led by strong local management teams. And finally, hold ourselves to the same discipline of capital-efficient growth and attractive risk-adjusted returns that we use for all of our business segments.
 Following these principles, in March, we signed an agreement to invest $300 million to expand our operations in Brazil and Colombia and enter Chile, and Ecuador through the acquisitions of high-quality centers in those 4 markets. The Chile acquisition has closed and the transaction in Ecuador, Colombia and Brazil remains subject to each country's respective antitrust and regulatory approval process, which we expect to be completed at various times throughout 2024. Opportunistic transactions such as this one are consistent with our overall enterprise capital allocation strategy. Going forward, we will continue to monitor the market for acquisition opportunities that meet our investment criteria and we otherwise expect international investment to be roughly consistent with our historical levels.
 Upon completion of these transactions and combined with our existing business, we would be the largest dialysis provider in Latin America. Once these acquisitions close, we will provide care in 13 countries outside the United States with more than 500 centers treating approximately 80,000 patients and employing nearly 20,000 health care professionals. 
 In 2024, we expect international growth to contribute approximately $20 million or about 1 percentage point to DaVita's overall enterprise growth in adjusted operating income. Most importantly, our international clinical outcomes continue to excel. We outperformed the clinical benchmarks of every international market in which we operate, and we have reduced hospitalizations across all countries by 11% since 2021, which has driven a reduction in unnecessary health care expense and represents a meaningful improvement to our patients' lives. 
 And finally, let me cover our experience with the Change Healthcare outage and where we stand today. Historically, the vast majority of our U.S. dialysis claim went through the Change platform. Similar to many providers, this presented a challenging situation in the back half of Q1 as we were unable to submit claims through this channel. As reflected in our first quarter balance sheet, the increase in our days sales outstanding and borrowing on our revolving credit facility were entirely related to the Change outage. 
 Joel will provide more detail, but to summarize, we have resumed billing activity, and we're collecting cash well in excess of our typical levels as we catch up from the claims backlog. As of today, we believe that the operational impact from the Change Healthcare disruptions are largely resolved.
 I will now turn it over to Joel to discuss our financial performance and outlook in more detail. 
Joel Ackerman: Thank you, Javier. First quarter adjusted operating income was $463 million. Adjusted earnings per share was $2.38, and free cash flow was negative $327 million. Our Q1 results reflect strong core operating performance as well as the impacts from delayed submission and payment of claims due to the Change Healthcare outage, which I will expand on shortly. With that, let me dive into the detail for the quarter.
 U.S. dialysis treatments per day were slightly lower in Q1 as compared to Q4, consistent with our expectations for the quarter. Q1 was our fifth consecutive quarter of year-over-year new-to-dialysis admissions growth, although mortality remains elevated relative to pre-COVID levels. For the full year, we maintain our expectations of 1% to 2% treatment volume growth. Revenue per treatment was down approximately $2 quarter-over-quarter. This is primarily due to typical seasonality related to patient coinsurance and deductibles offset by typical rate increases, contracted escalators and mix improvements. We continue to see strength in RPT as the result of revenue cycle improvements and we're trending towards the top of our original RPT range of 2.5% to 3% growth year-over-year.
 Non-GAAP patient care cost per treatment declined $8 sequentially, down from the seasonally elevated fourth quarter. As a reminder, Q4 seasonality was higher than typical and we see this reflected in the sequential quarterly change. International adjusted operating income increased $15 million sequentially, a return to normal from a low in Q4 related to higher bad debt reserves. Additionally, Q1 benefited from foreign exchange tailwinds. As Javier mentioned, this quarter, we announced acquisitions in 4 Latin American countries, including our entrance into Chile and our anticipated entrants into Ecuador. These acquisitions are expected to close at various points during 2024 and we anticipate that their partial year operating income in 2024 will largely be offset by expenses related to the acquisitions. 
 Transitioning to cash flow and capital allocations. As you'll see in our quarter end numbers, U.S. dialysis days sales outstanding increased by 19 days. And at the end of the quarter, we were drawn $765 million on our revolver, reflecting an increase in our leverage ratio to 3.3x at the end of Q1. As Javier noted, these increases are directly attributable to the Change Healthcare outage. 
 Since the Change platform has come back online, these metrics have improved dramatically. We have caught up and are now current on primary claims submission. Cash receipts are catching up and we have fully paid down the $765 million of revolver draw through a combination of strong April cash flow and interest-free funding from UnitedHealth Group, Change's parent company. By the end of Q2, we expect the majority of the DSO increase to have reversed.
 In Q1, we repurchased 2.1 million shares, but out of an abundance of caution, we temporarily suspended our share repurchases in March in light of the Change disruption. Given where we are today, we expect to resume share repurchases subject to our typical capital allocation considerations. As we look to full year 2024, we are updating adjusted operating income guidance to $1.875 billion to $1.975 billion, a $25 million increase in the midpoint relative to our previous guidance. We are also updating EPS guidance to a range from $9 to $9.80.
 That concludes my prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open the call for Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Andrew Mok with Barclays. You may go ahead, sir. 
Andrew Mok: Treatments per day. I want to follow up on those comments. I think they're in line with your expectations. They were down sequentially and the normalized growth was up 40 basis points year-over-year. So one, trying to understand if there was any impact, whether it's weather or other seasonal impacts on the quarter? And two, any confidence on your levels to get back to 1% to 2% treatment growth for the year? Like what sort of visibility do you have on that? And what's going to drive that from here? 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. So the big difference between the year-over-year number on treatments per day versus the NAG number or the treatment number is actually day mix. So Q1 in '24 had an extra Tuesday and it also had New Year's Day on a Monday and what happens then is about half the volume gets pushed to Sunday. Those 2 things combined can lead to more than 0.5 point of volume swing. So I think of Q1 year-over-year as a positive number of 40 or 50 bps of year-over-year growth, but as you highlighted, below the 1% to 2% range. 
 As I think about how do you bridge the range of 1% to 2% versus the Q1 number, I'd point to 2 things. First is clinic closures. The timing of clinic closures in the back half of 2023, and the pattern we're expecting for '24 is a drag on volume early in '24, but much less so towards the next 3 quarters. That would be one. 
 The second is there's a lot of seasonality, both in new to dialysis admits as well as to mortality, and that could move from month to month. And just looking at the pattern of what we saw in '23 versus what we're expecting in '24, we still feel good about the 1% to 2% growth but we think it's going to come a little later in the year than anticipated. So I'd emphasize again, Q1 was in line with what we were expecting, the general pattern of new-to-dialysis admits being strong, offset by continued challenges on mortality. None of that has changed, and we feel good about the 1% to 2% for the year. 
Andrew Mok: Got it. And then I think on that mortality comment, I think you said mortality remains elevated relative to pre-COVID levels. Any trends on how that's been tracking kind of year-to-year or quarter-to-quarter post COVID? 
Joel Ackerman: It has generally come down significantly since its peak. It does move around from quarter-to-quarter, and it's frankly, still a little early to know exactly where Q1 landed. As you know, we don't find out mortality until a few months after the period. So we're keeping a careful eye on it. It's -- as I said, it's come way down, but remains elevated. 
Andrew Mok: Got it. Okay. And then maybe just one more on patient care costs. Cost per treatment were down another 1% year-over-year, and I think 3% sequentially. Anything in particular to call out there that helped drive the strong results. 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So sequentially, it's a lot about the higher seasonality we saw in Q4 that we called out. Year-over-year, wage pressure continues, as we've said, it's offset versus Q1 of '23 by lower contract costs and also a productivity pickup in the quarter. 
Operator: Our next caller is Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. 
Pito Chickering: So revenue per treatment, really strong in the quarter. Was that due to sort of HIX enrollment or any other one-timers in there? Usually, it goes up sort of $4 to $5 sequentially as we burn through copays and deductibles. Is that the way to think -- is that the right way to think about it for rest of the year? 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I think that is right. The seasonality of, call it, $5 a treatment that we typically see in Q1, we saw this quarter. So we'd expect to pick that up in RPT in Q2 and the rest of the year. In terms of anything unusual in the quarter, nothing that I would highlight. I think the Q1 number is a pretty clean number off of which to model the rest of the year. 
Pito Chickering: Okay. So that's sort of tracking above your guidance, like, if we move back to kind of where you guys are guiding revenue per treatment, you're basically guiding sort of almost mid-single digits. I mean sort of -- above sort of 3% range, and already and this continues, right? 
Joel Ackerman: We're right around the high end of the range, right around the 3%. If you think of the guide as being up $25 million at the midpoint, and you attribute that to RPT, which is, I think, a fair way to think about it, that would put you right around 3% year-over-year. 
Pito Chickering: Okay. Fair enough. Was the Street mismodeling the first quarter operating income looking at the adjusted operating income beat of $39 million and the raise of $25 million. It looks [ again like you ] didn't raise the high point of the range. Just curious if you're missing it. And then is there any reason why you can't analyze the first quarter in  OI sort of 23% to get to sort of $2 billion. I guess, why would that -- assuming trends don't change, why would that not be the right way to thinking about sort of where things could go if first quarter trends continue? 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So look, seasonality is something that's -- I think there are clear patterns in our seasonality, but it does vary from year to year. The RPT pickup from Q1, I think, is probably the clearest part of our seasonality. Other things would be wage pressure tends to grow over the course of the year as does other parts of RPT, but the wage pressure tends to be higher. And then we often see Q4 expenses going up for year-end and other items. So we've seen, as we did in '23, some real negative seasonality in Q4. That's all around U.S. dialysis. .
 IKC is tougher to call out. We tend to do a little bit better in the back half of the year. But as you know, that can move around from year to year. So annualizing Q1, I don't think is the best way to get you there. I think actually, if you annualize our OI, you'd come in a little bit below our range. So I think you've got to adjust for the RPT. You've got to think about the Q4 seasonal weakness, and you'd get a number in our range. 
Pito Chickering: Okay. Great. And then one quick numbers question. Can you quantify the number of new patients to dialysis in this quarter versus where that was this time last year? 
Joel Ackerman: I don't have a number for you. That number typically grows with -- around the volume growth -- around our historical volume growth numbers, and I think it's right in there with that this quarter as well. 
Operator: Our next caller is Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. I guess, it does kind of seem like going back to the RPT that like it feels more like you're raising the guidance for the outperformance in the quarter on that rather than a continuation of that higher rate sustaining? Is that true? Or you're saying the guidance now assumes that this higher rate is actually sustained throughout the rest of the year? 
Joel Ackerman: We're not raising it, assuming that this beat persists throughout the year. We're -- the quarter came in better than expected, but I don't think you can multiply that by 4 to get to the new number. 
Kevin Fischbeck: So why is that the case? It sounds like you're saying there is something unusual in it. So why -- Pito's question before, like why isn't it the seasonal kind of growth for the space and then therefore flow through every quarter? 
Joel Ackerman: It's -- I think part of it is how we were modeling it for the year, and it came in -- the pattern came in a little bit different than we expected. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. So you had a higher year-end number and you're just getting there faster according to what you've seen in [ Q1 ]. 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then, I guess, just on the IKC business, obviously, there's a lot of focus on cost trend within Medicare Advantage companies seem to be all over the place on in another year. Your experience is going to be a little bit different to Medicare Advantage broadly, but just love to kind of hear how you're seeing utilization play out under your managed programs there? 
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Let me grab that one. I think the question that comes often is why are the MA players in kidney saying different things. And the reality is the utilization in the broader MA population has more volatility. Our patients while have many comorbid conditions, they're more predictable, so we have less volatility. In addition, as you know, broader MA had some coding changes that didn't apply to our population. And so that, again, removes some of the volatility that they're experiencing. And so our trends are a lot more stable in our population. Does that answer your question? 
Kevin Fischbeck: Yes. No, it does. I guess you're basically saying that it's coming in line, not -- it's not higher or lower than what you were predicting so far in Q1. 
Javier Rodriguez: Correct. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then maybe just last question. International business acquisition, it sounds like you guys are really excited about it. We always just kind of wondered that sometimes like when one large-scale player exits an asset and another large-scale player comes in? Like how do you think about what you can add to those assets? Or how do you just think about what the opportunity was there, if someone else in theory had similar optionality felt like it was time to get out. 
Javier Rodriguez: It's a great question, and we're not arrogant enough to say that we're better operators. What we're looking at is that there's some efficiencies to be gained by economies of scale. We were present in these countries, and we had offices that we could leverage. So in essence, the fixed part of the business was levered in a more meaningful way. And so I think that that's how one entity can exit and the other entity, you can see, it is an attractive asset. But as we said in the beginning, we look at our normal filters of clinical differentiation. We wanted to scale and help them with the scale, and we thought we could get to a good attractive risk adjusted return. 
Operator: And our next caller is Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. 
Dean Rosales: This is Dean Rosales on for Justin. Any color you can share on wage inflation. What are you assuming for the year? And my second question would be any update on how mistreatment rates are tracking sequentially, yearly. Any trends there? 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So on wage inflation, we called out at the beginning of the year, we were expecting something around 5%, and it's tracking pretty consistent with what we were expecting. So not a lot to update on that. .
 In terms of mistreatment rate, it's doing what we had largely expected, which is slowly improving year after year post COVID, not a lot to call out. It's a pretty small magnitude. We think we'll get back to our historical mistreatment rate over a few years. So in any given year, it's not really a significant number. 
Dean Rosales: Got it. And last one, what should we expect in terms of center consolidations for the remainder of the year? 
Javier Rodriguez: Thanks, Dean. I think the number will be somewhere in the 30 or so closures sort of net, that would be the right number to have on the net build and closures. 
Operator: Gary Taylor with Cowen. 
Gary Taylor: Maybe just to follow up on that last one. That's a [ 30 ] net for the next 3 quarters or that's the full year number? 
Javier Rodriguez: That's a full year number. 
Gary Taylor: Got it. I just -- I wanted to ask, first, I'm going to commend you for producing margin growth well in excess of what the Street is able to model. I think there's a third quarter in a row where you've produced 30% to 50% OI growth on 6% to 8% revenue growth. So it's really stunning cost management, productivity, all the things you guys are doing. Once we anniversary that, so maybe there's another quarter there, but when we get into the back half of '24, are there still some good reasons to believe that, that operating leverage can sustain at something above your long-term 3% to 7% OI guidance, like what would be a couple of key swing factors to be optimistic about some level of operating margin leverage continuing? 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So first, thank you, Gary, for those kind words. As we look forward, I don't think we're changing our long-term OI growth number from 3% to 7%. So I'd start with that. That said, I also don't think we're running out of opportunities to continue to run the business well and deliver high-quality clinical care to our patients and continue to improve our bottom line and potentially our margins. we've done this not just on the back of cost cutting, I would highlight, right? 
 We've done a lot on the revenue side that has kicked in nicely. But I think there are other opportunities as well. Continued progress on IKC would be on the list. I think capacity utilization improvements would be another important one that I point to. I think there are other components of our cost structure, which could be productivity, could be other things nonlabor-related that we can continue to manage. So I don't feel like we're running out of ideas. That said, we're also not ready to raise our long-term OI guidance above 3% to 7%. 
Gary Taylor: Maybe last one for me. I just want to maybe understand tender [ consolidations ] a little bit. When we look at average patients per center, certainly multi-multiyear high. And just in the last couple of years, I think, patients per center is up 9% in a couple of years and your margins improved, I think, nearly 300 basis points as that's happened. Some of that's the consolidation. Some of that is expansion of your home programs driving that. Is this still a key lever going forward or beyond the 30 centers Javier talked about. 
Javier Rodriguez: Well, I think the -- let me clarify because a couple of those numbers didn't resonate, but maybe we can clarify them here. I think the better way to think about it is how are we doing in utilization of our centers and preclosing of these centers pre the excess mortality, we were in the mid-60s of utilization. And right now, we're at [ 58-ish ] percent utilization. And so we have more capacity available, and therefore, we're less likely to have a need to deploy capital to build centers. And while our home has improved, it hasn't improved that much. Our mix continues to be around 15% of our patients at home. And so hopefully, that clarifies a couple of those points there. 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. And Gary, just to add one thing on to what Javier said, we can improve capacity utilization without closing any more centers. We're just absorbing treatment growth in our existing footprints. 
Gary Taylor: Adding shifts, adding machines. 
Joel Ackerman: Right. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next caller is A.J. Rice with UBS. 
Albert Rice: Thanks, everybody. First, maybe just to ask on the trajectory on IKC, I know you were forecasting for '24 a loss of about $50 million. And I think in the first quarter, you're at $26 million. I know there's seasonal factors and a variety of things going on. But I just wonder if you would say you're on track? Are you running a little better? Or how should we put that in perspective? 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I would say we're largely on track. There's a lot of seasonality in this business. And obviously, you learn more as the year progresses, but there was nothing surprising to us in the Q1 results. 
Albert Rice: Okay. And then another coming off the fourth quarter, I think we had triangulated -- I don't think it's your specific guidance but triangulate it that you're sort of expecting share repurchases to be in the $1 billion to $1.5 billion range for '24. With your comments about how the first quarter played out, do you think you'll still get to something that maybe approximates that? Or should we just assume that the first quarter share repurchase activity has gone and you'll continue in the last 3 at the previous rate. 
Javier Rodriguez: I think we still aspire to that goal. There's obviously a timing component to it, and we'll watch it, but we're still aspiring to get it all done. 
Albert Rice: Okay. And just lastly, a follow-on question and comments about the international acquisition. I guess, it sounds like that is, in your mind, more of an opportunistic deal that came along that allows you, like you said, to leverage in certain markets and enter some new ones. Is there anything that's happening on the international front that makes you think that the pace of activity there could step up? 
Javier Rodriguez: No. I think you've got it in the right light, which is we are opportunistic, and we're always looking for a transaction that meets the criteria that we've outlined. And if we don't find it, we don't execute. And if we find it, we do. And so there's no urgency or rush but rather just doing business with discipline and according to our plan. 
Operator: Our next caller is Lisa Clive with Bernstein. 
Lisa Clive: A few questions for me. On the utilization figures that you mentioned, that's just looking at your in-center population, right? I'm just trying to think about how to layer in whole patients on top of that, assuming that population continues to grow faster than your in-center patients, whether essentially that improves the number of patients per clinic, but then in terms of utilization, you just think of the in-center.
 And then second question, could you tell us what percentage of your patients are on MIRCERA today? Just trying to understand how much more costs you could potentially squeeze out from that transition. 
 And then lastly, do you have any preliminary thoughts, comments on online hemodiafiltration. I assume in your European centers, you use that technology. It obviously remains to be seen how quickly FMC can launch those machines and ramp up scale to be able to sell them in the U.S., but just would love your thoughts on that. 
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. Let me take them in order. And if I miss anything, please remind me. On utilization, that number is the chronic center utilization, and the way to think about a home is, of course, it can add patients much easier and with much lower capital deployment. And so you got it right that utilization that we gave is in-center. As it relates to MIRCERA, that's pretty much the vast majority if not all are now on MIRCERA. And so that's played out. 
 And then on hemodiafiltration, I think it will be interesting to see how that plays out in the United States because it's -- as you know, it's allowed in many different countries. And the numbers that we have are really all over the place, meaning in some countries, the vast majority of patients get it. While in others, it's a tiny percentage of the patients that get it. And so while there is 1 or 2 studies that say that it could be better because it gets the mid molecules through. There's a lot of holes that you can poke in those studies and so we'll have to see how that plays out. 
 And then, of course, the FDA approved the machine, but we don't have any reimbursement guidance. So at the end of it, you'll have to incorporate, a, what the doctor wants, what the patient wants because it might take more time to do that treatment and then put the economic model on top of that. So we've got too many variables there that are still to be defined to be able to size it in a helpful way. 
Operator: And at this time, I'm showing no further questions. Speakers, I'll turn the call back over to you for any closing comments. 
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Well, thank you, Michelle, and thank you all for your questions and interest in DaVita. As we discussed on the call, we're off to a strong start of the year. And of course, we'll continue to work hard to stay on this trajectory. First and foremost, we remain vigilant in providing great clinical care for our patients. Thank you all for joining the call, and be well. 
Operator: And thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-13 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time. I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Eliason, you may begin your conference.
Nic Eliason: Thank you, and welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Nic Eliason, Group Vice President of Investor Relations. And joining me today are Javier Rodriguez, our CEO, and Joel Ackerman, our CFO. Please note that during this call we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our fourth quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, all subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other subsequent filings that we make with the SEC. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements except as may be required by law. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release furnished to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Nic, and thank you all for joining the call today. As we reflect on the past year, our 2023 financial performance highlighted the resilience of our business and revealed some of the early benefits of our multi-year investment in strengthening our platform. External challenges of the past few years ultimately made us stronger, and with continued investment in our teammates, systems and capabilities, we believe that we're well-positioned for the years ahead. We began 2024 with great momentum and a reduction in the risks and uncertainties that characterize the recent years. Today, I will cover our 2023 results and our 2024 guidance, provide an annual update on integrated kidney care and briefly continue our discussion on GLP-1 drugs. First, however, I'll begin the call as we always do with the clinical highlights. More than 20 years, we have strived to be a community-first and a company-second. This means that we're committed not only to providing outstanding care, but also to give back. In 2023, our teammates logged over 42,000 hours of service to their communities, which marks our highest year ever in a step toward achieving our cumulative goal of 125,000 hours by 2025. And some of our special teammates donated their personal time to advance our goal of raising awareness for kidney disease. We recently wrapped our 2023 Health Tour, a mobile health screening and kidney care education program supporting local communities across the country. Today, 15% of our US population has kidney disease, which often goes undiagnosed and untreated until symptoms become severe. Our mobile health tour was designed to help identify risk factors that may lead to chronic kidney disease, including screening for obesity, diabetes, high blood pressure and family history of kidney disease. For two months on the road, our bus travelled 17,000 miles to offer free screenings in 48 communities across eight states. To power this tour, more than 300 of our teammates volunteered 1,200 hours in service to their local communities. This effort is a wonderful example of combining our dedication to service with our ongoing commitment to raising awareness for early detection and prevention of kidney disease. Transitioning to our performance. Full year 2023 adjusted operating income, adjusted EPS and free cash flow, all came in well-above our guidance from the beginning of the year. As context, I think it's helpful to reflect back on our progress over the year. We began 2023 in an uncertain environment and shared the assumptions in our guidance that volume and labor challenges would continue throughout 2023. We're simultaneously developing and executing on a number of initiatives focused on offsetting some of those financial headwinds we were facing. As the year progressed, we saw encouraging data points early in the year, which ultimately turned into consistent positive trends. These improved trends, combined with the strong operating performance and the positive impact on the initiatives we implemented, resulted in a 20% year-over-year growth in adjusted operating income, 28% growth in adjusted EPS and a return of our leverage ratio back to the target range. I'll share three points for additional color. First, on volume. We entered 2023 with a 2% growth headwind due to the annualization of excess mortality from prior year. Since then, successive COVID surges have been weaker in magnitude with lower mortality. At the same time, we are able to produce four consecutive quarters with year-over-year growth in new patient admits. Adding these factors together, 2023 saw increased patient census for the first time since COVID started and volume that was approximately flat year-over-year, landing at the top of our guidance range. Second, our labor performance in 2023 was better than 2022. We cut our reliance on contract labor more quickly than anticipated and improved staffing in our centers. On the other side of the ledger, teammate turnover has remained elevated in line with the strong healthcare labor markets. Looking forward, improved retention and training costs represent an opportunity for improvement in the years ahead. Third, independent of these trends, we drove strong operating performance through our differentiated platform and capabilities. Most notably, we invested in our revenue operations to achieve sustainable improvements in our collections. This resulted in an additional $3.50 in revenue per treatment for the full year while reducing more than 12 days from our US day sales outstanding. Adding to this, we executed against our cost saving initiatives related to pharmaceutical spend and further consolidated our facility footprint. Finally, we exceeded our annual profitability targets for integrated kidney care, which I will cover more in detail in a moment. To summarize, we entered 2024 with more visibility and confidence that we have had since the start of COVID in 2020. Our ability to invest in our people, process and systems, despite the operational and financial challenges of the last few years, has positioned us well for the years ahead. On that note, let me transition to our value-based care business, which we will call integrated kidney care, or IKC. We have consistently urged our investors to assess this business on an annual basis rather than focusing on our quarterly results. Now is a good time to pause and reflect on our performance and outlook of IKC. At a high level, we assess IKC performance based on three primary metrics: one, total medical expense and patients in our IKC programs, which represents growth; two, our clinical performance or effectiveness of reducing total medical costs; and three, per member per month spend on our model of care and G&A, which indicates cost management. I'll walk through each in a bit more detail. First, total medical expense of patients in our IKC programs grew to $4.6 billion, reflecting approximately 30% growth year-over-year. This represents care for 58,000 patients as of year-end, a 38% increase from 2022. Within our traditional value-based care programs, we continue to be disciplined, prioritizing profitable growth. For 2024, we expect growth in excess of 25% for total medical expense and covered lives. Second, our model of care has proven effective in helping our patients lead healthier lives and reducing medical costs, reflecting in a net savings rate that is slightly ahead of our expectations. Largest driver is year-over-year reduction in hospitalizations, especially readmission rates. This relies on our collaboration efforts between our care teams and physician partners to prevent rising acuity and address the needs of our most complex and vulnerable patients. And finally, our per member per month cost continue to trend down as a result of the program growth and improved fixed cost leverage. In 2023, our per member per month cost declined by 7%. We expect per member per month cost to further decline by approximately 15% in 2024. The result of these efforts is that we outperformed our 2023 adjusted operating loss forecast, and we believe we remain on track to deliver breakeven or better performance by 2026. Beyond the core metrics, we can further break down our performance based on three primary components of our IKC business: special need plans, our value-based care portfolio focused primarily on Medicare Advantage patients, and the CKCC demonstration project for our Medicare fee-for-service patients. Within that portfolio, after many years of investment and consistent year-over-year improvements in cost savings, our MA contracts and special need plans have now reached profitability. Keep in mind that the third component, CKCC, represents approximately 50% of our value-based care census. We adjust the changes from CMS and further optimize our model of care, we expect this program to become profitable in 2026 timeframe. Before we get into 2024, I'll offer a quick comment on GLP-1. To be clear, none of our thinking has changed since our last earnings call. Shortly after our call, results for the select clinical trial were released. As expected, the trial confirms certain cardiovascular benefits in people with obesity and cardiovascular disease, including a 20% reduction in all-cause mortality. Next on the near-term horizon will be the FLOW study, which we anticipate will demonstrate efficacy on multiple endpoints, including slowing the progression of chronic kidney disease. As a reminder, such efficacy that may be demonstrated in the FLOW study is already incorporated into our GLP-1 base case, [reflects] (ph) a net neutral impact to dialysis volume growth as adoption ramps up over the next decade. Shifting to 2024, we're setting guidance for adjusted operating income growth of 10% and adjusted EPS growth of 9%, reflecting the midpoint of our respective guidance range for each metric. This incorporates our expectations of a more predictable operating environment, continued returns from our revenue cycle investment and further progress in IKC. This guidance demonstrates the resilience of our business and our ability, despite external challenges, to provide high-quality care while delivering strong financial results. Let me touch on a few drivers of our forecast. First, 2024 adjusted operating income will benefit from the full year impact of positive development in 2023, including the annualization of revenue cycle improvement, our transition to Mircera and savings related to our center consolidation. Second, as noted, we're demonstrating progress in our IKC business and continue to expect breakeven by 2026. And finally, adjusted earnings per share will benefit from our share repurchase program, offset by other factors below the OI line, including other losses, higher interest expense and higher effective tax rate. As we turn the page to 2024, we have a great opportunity to drive operating advancements that further differentiate DaVita within kidney care. I'll now turn it over to Joel to discuss our financial performance and outlook in more detail.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. In Q4, we delivered $415 million of adjusted operating income and $1.87 of adjusted earnings per share. Our strong performance for the quarter puts us just above the top end of our updated full year guidance range from the Q3 call. Our outperformance in the quarter relative to our expectations was primarily related to prior period development in our special needs programs in our IKC business, plus revenue per treatment growth from continued improvements in our revenue cycle management. In the US dialysis segment, fourth quarter treatments per day were flat versus the third quarter. As a reminder, mistreatment rates are seasonally higher in the winter months, which was offset by an improvement in our day of week mix relative to the third quarter. Revenue per treatment was up approximately $6 quarter-over-quarter. About half of this was due to normal quarterly fluctuations. The remaining increase was driven equally by continued improvements in our revenue cycle management and typical fourth quarter seasonality related to higher acute mix and reimbursement for flu vaccines. Adjusted patient care cost per treatment was up $13 sequentially, driven primarily by seasonality, including higher benefits expense and continued investment in our teammates. This sequential increase was higher than typical for Q4, but in line with our expectations described on our Q3 earnings call. In our IKC business, adjusted operating results were down $39 million sequentially, due primarily to timing of shared services revenue recognized in Q3 primarily from arrangements from 2022. Additionally, in Q4, we recognized incremental shared savings revenue of $55 million associated with Medicare Advantage value-based care arrangements for plan year 2023. This is earlier than we had previously anticipated recognizing revenue for 2023 arrangements and is the result of the clearing of several revenue recognition hurdles earlier than otherwise anticipated. This revenue would have otherwise been recorded in 2024. As a result, we now anticipate that our recognition of shared savings revenue for our Medicare Advantage contracts in 2024 and beyond will generally align with the plan year in which they are earned, although there will likely continue to be updates in our estimates during each planned year and beyond until final reconciliation. This $55 million shared savings revenue recognized in 2023 has been excluded from our adjusted operating income as it represents earnings incremental to what would have been expected in 2023 absent the change. International adjusted operating income was down $18 million quarter-over-quarter. The largest component of this sequential change was driven by an increase in bad debt reserves. Transitioning to capital structure, during the fourth quarter, we repurchased 2.9 million shares, and since the start of 2024, we repurchased an additional 1.5 million shares. We ended 2023 with zero balance on our revolving credit facility and our leverage ratio declined slightly to 3.15 times consolidated EBITDA, below the midpoint of our target leverage range. The strong free cash flow was partly the result of continued reduction of our US dialysis DSOs, which ended the quarter at 54 days, down three days from last quarter and 12 days below the level at the end of 2022. Turning now to detail on 2024 guidance. Our adjusted operating income guidance for the year is $1.825 billion to $1.975 billion, representing 9.6% year-over-year growth at the midpoint. This is above our long-term expectation of 3% to 7% growth in adjusted operating income, driven by higher revenue per treatment growth in typical as a result of our investments in our revenue cycle management and cost savings in our non-labor patient care costs due to annualization of Mircera and footprint-related cost savings. To give you more detail, let me first cover the three main drivers of US dialysis growth versus 2023. First, we expect treatment volume growth of 1% to 2%. This is the result of continued new patient admissions growth on par with pre-pandemic averages, partially offset by mortality that is expected to remain slightly higher than pre-COVID levels. Second, we anticipate revenue per treatment growth of 2.5% to 3%. Approximately two-thirds of this growth is due to rate increases. The remaining third of the expected increase is primarily from annualization of the revenue cycle management improvements we saw in 2023. Third, we expect adjusted patient care cost per treatment to increase 2.5% to 3%. We continue to expect wages to increase at rates above pre-COVID levels. Savings to offset this include leverage of fixed costs as treatment volume grows and annualization of cost savings initiatives in 2023, including our conversion to Mercera for anemia management and our center consolidation efforts. Let me mention a couple of other items to help your thinking with US dialysis. We expect adjusted depreciation and amortization to decline by approximately $10 million to $15 million, a marked change from historical increases of approximately $20 million annually. This is the delayed result of our consistent effort over many years to increase our capital efficiency. As it relates to policy matters, we do not expect to spend the $50 million to $60 million related to ballot measures that would have been typical of past election years. For IKC, our guidance assumes an adjusted operating income loss of approximately $50 million. This reflects our expectation of continued growth in total medical spend and covered lives within our IKC programs, improved shared savings performance, and further fixed cost leverage, as outlined in Javier's earlier comments. In our international business, we incorporated in our guidance continued growth in adjusted operating income of approximately $20 million year-over-year. Below the OI line, we expect losses of approximately $60 million, largely as a result of our share of the losses in Mozarc, our co-investment with Medtronic in kidney products. We expect interest expense of $100 million to $110 million per quarter in the first half of the year, and $130 million to $140 million per quarter in the second half of the year. This increase is due to expiration of our 2% interest rate caps at midyear. We expect an adjusted effective income tax rate of 24% to 26%. For free cash flow, we expect $900 million to $1.15 billion, approximately 125% of adjusted net income. Consistent with our long-term capital strategy, we expect to deploy the vast majority of our free cash flow towards either capital-efficient growth when such opportunities exist or otherwise return capital to shareholders through share repurchases. We anticipate ending the year within our long-term target leverage ratio range of 3 times to 3.5 times. That concludes my prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. You may go ahead, sir.
Dean Rosales: Hi. This is Dean Rosales on for Justin. My question is on your Medicare risk businesses. Wondering what you're seeing there in terms of trend through 2023. And then specifically on special needs products, how many members do you have there exactly? And how much revenue is in those products? And could you speak to what you've seen in terms of costs year-to-date and then specifically Q4? Thank you very much.
Javier Rodriguez: Thanks, Dean. So, what I'd highlight on the risk side of Medicare Advantage is, I think it's important to realize that the ESRD population is different than the broader MA population. And some of the trends you might be seeing with other payers, which we certainly watch very carefully, don't necessarily apply to our population. I'd highlight three things. First, the needs of these patients and the medical costs that they bear are very different than a population given the high acuity of these patients. So that's one. Second, I would also note the reimbursement for this population runs differently, and it's a separate reimbursement rate that comes out in both the preliminary and the final rule. And third, that the coding changes that apply to the broader MA population do not apply to the ESRD population. So, with that, I think it's early for us to really have a full view on what 2023 is. That said, we're feeling pretty good about where our net savings came in, both on the SNP side and on the Medicare Advantage population within our value-based care. In terms of just some of the cleanup, we have about 3,000 members in our SNP products. And in terms of revenue, it's somewhere north of $300 million.
Dean Rosales: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Pito Chickering with Deutsche. You may go ahead, sir.
Pito Chickering: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Looking at 2024 guidance, you're assuming a loss of $50 million in IKC. Can you refresh us what that was in 2023? And then in the script, I think you talked about 25% growth in revenues of IKC and a 15% reduction of PMPM. I would have assumed that would have shifted from a loss to gain in 2024 those metrics. So, if you can sort of help bridge that? And then, I think you're shifting from a cash accounting to an accrual accounting. That seems like a pretty big shift for you guys. I guess, what's giving us comfort that, that accrual makes sense at this point?
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So, a lot in there, Pito. Let me try and take this in the logical order. So, first, on revenue accounting, what -- historically, we did not record revenue until we were comfortable that we could reasonably estimate what our share of the shared savings would be. And that was true for both our MA population and our Medicare fee-for-service population, the CKCC program. The SNP product, we've always accounted for in -- I'll use your words, in an accrual method. The change we're talking about is about the change in the timing of when we get comfortable with those estimates. And you asked why. It's really three things. One is we've made some changes to the contractual language that gives us earlier clarity on attributed lives. So that's one. Second, we're getting our data earlier, which obviously helps us do some of the calculations earlier. And then third, just with the experience we've had, we've got better actuarial models. And putting those three things together, we're comfortable now that we can reasonably predict our share of the shared savings revenue, which ultimately turns into revenue in the plan year. So that's on the change in the estimates. In terms of -- you asked about 2023. So, we're guiding to a loss of $50 million for 2024. Our non-GAAP number for 2023 is a loss of $94 million. The thing to realize about that $94 million is it includes the revenue from the value-based care products from plan year '23, which is the result of this estimate change that I mentioned as well as the revenue from that product line for 2022. So, I think the way to think about 2023 to make it a little bit more apples-to-apples with '24 would be to back out somewhere around $25 million, maybe $30 million to make it a bit more apples-to-apples. And then, what was your other question? There was a PMPM question in there.
Pito Chickering: So, you're taking a loss of $94 million after you back out the $25 million to $30 million. I think you guided to in the script sort of growth on IKC of 25%, and then a 15% reduction of PMPM in '24. So, I would assume that, that growth and those reductions would have resulted in a higher -- in operating income versus operating loss. So, kind of how can we sort of take those growth metrics and those cost reduction metrics and still get to a $50 million loss?
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So, a few things. First, just to clarify that estimate change I referred to only is true of the Medicare Advantage business. The CKCC business is still new enough that we're not comfortable estimating the savings in the plan year. So that part hasn't changed. In terms of your question, so the cost savings we're referring to is only related to our model of care in our G&A. It's not what you'd call the MLR in a health plan business. It's not that equivalent for us. Second, there are some -- there was a significant amount of positive period development in 2023, in particular in the SNP business that we're not forecasting to recur. So that would be another adjustment, which I think would help bridge the question of why aren't we getting to profitability next year or this year in '24.
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then, on treatment growth, you're looking at the normalized growth in 4Q of 70 bps, you grew 50 bps in the third quarter. Is a key driver in fourth quarter new patients? Is it lower mortality? And also, when you close a center, those patients join another center, is that organic growth at the new center as old as the one as your discontinued ops, even though the patients don't actually change the numbers?
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So, no on the last one. If a patient moves from one clinic to another, it doesn't show up as any sort of growth anywhere. It's still our patient. In terms of the volume growth. I would point to Q4 over Q3 as effectively being flat, treatments per day were flat. And that's really a combination of a small census decline, which is not uncommon in Q4, offset by a better treatment mix day. So more Monday, Wednesday, Fridays, fewer Tuesdays, Thursdays. So, Q4 was really, I would call, a flat volume quarter-over-quarter.
Pito Chickering: Great. I'll jump back in the queue.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. You may go ahead, sir.
Joanna Gajuk: Hi. Good evening. Actually, this is Joanna Gajuk filling in for Kevin today. Actually, first question is just a follow-up on the volume discussion and it sounds like flattish sequentially, but I guess year-over-year, up less than 1%. And your guidance for '24 assumes 1% to 2% volume growth. So, kind of how do you build to that growth, especially to the higher end of 2%? What gives you confidence that, I guess, you could get to that volume growth for the year?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Thanks, Joanna. So, I'd start with the fact that the single biggest impact on volume year-over-year is census. And remember that census builds over the course of the year. So, if you look at the '23 growth, which was effectively flat, that was burdened by the fact that the census declined over the course of 2022 and only started building in '23. So, a lot of the zero in 2023 is the annualization of the negative impacts of 2022. As we think about '24, I'd really break it down into two components. First is new to dialysis admissions and we've watched that build over the course of 2023. And we feel comfortable that, that growth rate is back to pre-COVID levels. Where the reason we don't get back to what you'd call a 2% number pre-COVID or that would be the high end of the range is mortality continues to run higher than it did pre-COVID. It is way down off its COVID peak, but it's still running a bit higher than a typical pre-COVID year, remembering that mortality moved around in pre-COVID years, primarily as a result of the severity of the flu season. So, if you take a more normal new to dialysis admit outlook and then a slightly negative mortality outlook, that's how we get to the 1% to 2%.
Joanna Gajuk: Thank you for that. And another follow-up on the guidance, I guess. You talked about your outlook for revenue per treatment. So specifically, can you talk about the build, I guess, for that? How much, I guess, is the commercial rate increases? And I guess last quarter, you mentioned there's some larger contracts up for renewal. So, any color in terms of these rate increases you're seeing there? And also inside that, your mix, commercial versus government, and then, specifically MA, where you stand on the MA mix?
Javier Rodriguez: Great. Let me grab that, Joanna. A couple of things because I think underlying those questions, there's usually -- is there something unusual in the payer dynamics, and let me go ahead and start by no, we are in a normal period. And of course, we're trying to make sure that rates reflect the inflationary pressures that we are receiving. To you direct question on what percent of that -- what part made out of the rate, roughly two-thirds of the increase will be rate and one-third remaining. A good chunk of that is the annualization of the reimbursement operation improvements we saw in 2023 and the remaining is mix. As you have seen, our mix is trending on MA slightly above the market. So, our MA mix finished the quarter around 52%, and we expect that number to be a couple of points higher at the end of '24. So, somewhere in the 54%, 55% range, depending on open enrollment.
Joanna Gajuk: And I guess on this commercial plan that you mentioned some larger plans up for renewal, any update there in terms of the rate increases you're seeing?
Javier Rodriguez: Commercial, on the negotiations, we're not going to go into specifics. We continue to see that our commercial patients value their private insurance, and commercial mix is flattish. So, nothing to report on that. And of course, that's embedded in the guidance of the RPT that we gave you.
Joanna Gajuk: Great. Thank you so much for taking the questions.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Joanna.
Operator: Thank you. A.J. Rice with UBS. You may go ahead, sir.
A.J. Rice: Thanks. Hi, everybody. I can't let you get through the call without asking one GLP-1 question. So, in your prepared remarks, you're saying that for the FLOW study, you anticipate efficacy on multiple endpoints, including slowing CKD [progression] (ph). I think that's generally where the market is at. I wondered, given your analysis that you've offered and seems to have really gotten traction in the financial community, are there anything -- is there anything that could come out of the FLOW study at least in the high probability range that would make you revisit? It seems like you've covered most of what you expect in your analysis, but I wonder is it something that makes you more optimistic, less optimistic about how this will all impact your business?
Javier Rodriguez: Thanks for the question, A.J. And as you know, last quarter, we had sort of a dissertation on GLP-1 that's gotten a lot of conversation. At the end of the day, we, of course, wanted to make sure that our shareholders and others were really well versed on it. And I think that while there could be an unusual surprise because you never want to say that the chances are zero, highly, highly improbable that we didn't capture in our range, what is likely to play out. And so that is -- that at the end of the day, we expect a net neutral impact on dialysis volume over the next decade. And we did a lot of probabilistic adjustments and weighted as to how many people would participate and all the normal math that we discussed, and we don't want to change our position a bit.
A.J. Rice: Okay. Great. Maybe if I could pivot and ask you about your assumptions around labor going into '24. I know there's the underlying what you're banking on for wages and benefits for your permanent workers. I believe you still should have a tailwind from contract labor, at least annualizing where you're ending the year. And then, there's the whole issue of the California minimum wage for low wage healthcare workers. I know you said you wouldn't be spending for election spending, but I wonder what you're factoring in for that when you anticipate it to start to have an impact.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, A.J., thanks for that. So, for labor for the year, so we called out 2.5% to 3% of patient care cost growth per treatment. I'd break that down. That's roughly half labor and half other stuff. On the labor side, we're thinking something around 5% for the year in that and California would be baked into that. We called out a few months ago, something around $30 million to $40 million as the net impact of that once it's fully rolled out in a number of $20 million to $25 million for '24. We've been rolling it out a little bit quicker than we anticipated. So, I would expect the number will probably be somewhere in that $25 million to $30 million range, and that's baked into our number. The reason we're comfortable with the patient care cost being only 2.5% to 3%, given that half of it is labor, which is growing at 5%, is we've got savings from the annualization of both Mircera -- the ship to Mircera as well as some of the clinic footprint actions we took. We've also got fixed cost leverage as we add volume without adding centers. And a lot of those other costs are fixed costs that don't grow with volume and are under long-term contracts. So, we feel like despite a 5% wage pressure, we can get to that 2.5% to 3%.
A.J. Rice: Okay, that's great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Gary Taylor with TD Cowen. You may go ahead, sir.
Ryan Langston: Hi. This is Ryan Langston on for Gary this evening. I think Dean touched on it earlier, but maybe just to go back, how is the higher sort of Medicare Advantage trend we saw in the back half of the year impacting the accruals, I guess, not only for '23, but sort of your guidance for '24? And Joel, can you remind us when you anticipate to have the final reconciliation with your plan partners? Thanks.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So, the final reconciliation will depend. It's plan by plan. It can often take three or four quarters, and that will be -- ultimately be baked into prior period development in the IKC business. In terms of the impact of some of the costs on the broader MA population in Q4, again, we -- I think it's too early for us to say whether we think that's going to impact us. But again, I'd reiterate that our population is very different than the broader population. In terms of 2024, we're keeping a careful eye on it to see how it plays out, and it's built into our range.
Ryan Langston: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Lisa Clive with Bernstein. You may go ahead.
Lisa Clive: Hi. Just two questions for me. Number one, we're 18 months since the Marietta ruling, your commercial mix and pricing seems pretty stable. So just wanted to know if you have any thoughts on what that ruling has meant over the last few years and whether you're expecting any changes? And then also just a clarification in terms of the fact that you don't need to spend on ballot initiative and obviously, your wages are going up in California. So, it seems like a reasonable truce with the SEIU. Is this something that we should expect to continue, or is it really just this election cycle? Or it would be obviously nice for you guys to be out of this two-year cycle of fighting ballot initiatives? Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: All right. Thank you, Lisa. So, let's start with Marietta. As we have discussed in the past, we have not seen a lot of employer groups change benefits, which is absolutely great. It would be terrible for employers to not give their employees that have end-stage renal disease choice. That said, we continue to be very mindful, and of course, work with the kidney community and disability groups, because it is sort of a dangerous risk out there that we want to make sure is not taken advantage of. And so, the analogy I say in a town hall when someone asks me if I have -- why I have so much passion on it, it's like saying the door in your house, the lock is broken. And you said, yes, but no one's broken in or very little. And you say, well, you still want to fix it. And so, from our perspective, it's something that the Supreme Court said. It needed to be clarified and the Champions and Congress and others believe it should be clarified. Now we just got to work the process. I also think, and we've discussed that our verification process admissions has helped in that we had an example of an employer group that actually did apply this, and when they found out that their employees didn't actually have a network, then they changed their benefits again and basically reverted back to a network benefit. So, I think sometimes people explore ideas without really understanding the full ramifications, and in that case, it worked out well. And so we will continue to put a lot of energy on that. Your second question was around the ballot. Of course, what we liked about it is that we were spending money on making sure that our patients and our teammates didn't suffer from what we call a very dangerous ballot process, but it takes a lot of money to educate the broader state on how to think about that. And so, we are extremely happy that at the end of the day, instead of spending the money on that, our teammates get the benefit of that. As it relates to is it just this election cycle, we talked about two election cycles and that would be a good time to hopefully iron out and revisit our relationship with labor.
Lisa Clive: Great. Thanks for the clarification.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Lisa.
Operator: And our next caller is Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. You may go ahead.
Dean Rosales: Hi. This is Dean on again for Justin. My question is on center closings. And I'm sorry if you've touched on it already, but how much more is there to do here? And could you speak or can you parse out the impact to the P&L from the center closing, right, so revenue versus cost savings from lower fixed costs and efficiencies? Thank you.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So, I appreciate the question. We are thinking that the year will have roughly 50 centers either closed or merged into other centers. And thinking about roughly in the ZIP code of 20 new centers, so net 30. As it relates to the P&L, I'm not sure I understood your question. Could you try it again?
Dean Rosales: More just the moving parts impact to the P&L, just could you speak to how you guys [indiscernible] center closing?
Joel Ackerman: I think a good healthy way to think about it is you will have a little volume loss on patient choice. But when you strip all of that, these centers tend to be inefficient. And so, what you do is you consolidate the management and the leadership. And then, you have some savings on fixed expense in particular, rent and medical director fees. And so, at the end of the day, that's where the savings come from, inefficient center with some fixed expenses that get eliminated.
Dean Rosales: Got it. Thank you so much.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Pito Chickering with Deutsche. You may go ahead, sir.
Pito Chickering: Hi, guys. A few follow-ups here. To Joanna's question, what was the commercial mix in the quarter? And what are you seeing for 2024?
Joel Ackerman: Commercial mix for the quarter was 10.9%, and we expect it to stay flattish.
Pito Chickering: And then free cash flow conversion was very strong in '23, the guidance is about 54% in '24. Is there anything changing within cash flow conversion? Or is this simply the DSOs that you got, what, 12 days in '23 which won't repeat in '24?
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. You've got it right. '23 was a really impressive decline in DSOs. '24, the free cash flow conversion remains well above net income, and that's really driven by two things. One is just structurally our CapEx is lower than our depreciation and amortization. And second is share-based comp, stock-based comp. And those two things should persist, and that's why, call it, 125% of net income that we're driving in free cash flow for this year, we would expect to persist for some time.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Like any updates on AB 290?
Javier Rodriguez: There is a little update. There is some activity on it. But at the end of the day, maybe the best way to summarize it is that the judge hasn't had a final ruling, but gave some color. And in that color, basically both parties won some points and both parties lost some points. And so therefore, the odds of an appeal are quite high when there is a final ruling. And so, the next question is probably if you were to say what will be the financial impact we had guided to in the past, something in the $25 million to $40 million range. And as less people are on the AKF, I think that number is likely to be lower, more like a $0 million to $25 million would be a good range.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Great. And then last question, I'm going to ask the center closure question differently. What was center [indiscernible] at the end of, I guess, in the fourth quarter of '23? And what do you assume that goes in fourth quarter of '24?
Joel Ackerman: I'm sorry, Pito, did you say capacity utilization?
Pito Chickering: Yes. I mean just thinking about a combination of centers closing and patients coming back and there's overall center [indiscernible], where do you exit the year in '23? And where do you think that can get to by the end of '24?
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So, we're exiting the year at about 58%. And I would expect picking up 1 point, maybe a little bit more over the course of the year.
Javier Rodriguez: And just as a point of reference, like if you want to go back pre-COVID, I'm going to go back several years in the 2016 or so range, we would be in the 65%-or-so range. And then just so you see the impact of all of this California conversation that we've had. California, because how difficult the operating environment is, is roughly in the 70% range because people aren't opening centers. So all these very expensive propositions and poor conduct have had an impact and the people do not want to open centers there.
Pito Chickering: And then just out of curiosity, if over a multi-year period to get back to 65% kind of, is this worth like 300 bps of G&A leverage here? And kind of if you can size up that for me, that would be wonderful.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So, the leverage you'd see would be in our patient care costs, it's not in the G&A because there's a fixed cost associated with the clinic that's in the patient care cost. So, you'd see it there. I think the best I can do to help you with that math would be to think about our patient care cost per treatment number, right? So, running at $255 for 2023, that is roughly two-third variable, one-third fixed. So, if you imagine us growing that volume without building as many centers, and just to be clear, we would have to build some centers because even though capacity utilization is low, the capacity may not be exactly where in the country you need it to be. So, depending on what assumption you make there, recognizing that a third of that PCC per treatment is fixed, I think that will give you everything you need to do to do the math on what it could be worth.
Pito Chickering: Great. Thanks so much, guys.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Pito.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'm showing no further questions.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Thank you, Michelle, and thank you all for your interest in DaVita. Just in summary, we had a strong close to the year and that, combined with our guidance 2024, we are now back on a path to recuperate our pre-pandemic financial trajectory. We will continue to work hard to deliver strong results, innovate, and most importantly, provide a great clinical care for our patients. Thank you all for joining the call. Be well.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening. My name is Jordan, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to DaVita's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Eliason, you may begin your conference.
Nic Eliason: Thank you, and welcome to our third quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Nic Eliason, Group Vice President of Investor Relations and joining me today are Javier Rodriguez, our CEO; Joel Ackerman, our CFO; and Dr. Jeff Giullian, our Chief Medical Officer. Please note that during this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our third quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, all subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other subsequent filings that we make with the SEC. Our forward looking statements are based on information currently available to us. And we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements except as may be required by law. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release furnished to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you Nic, and thank you all for your interest in DaVita. We delivered another strong quarter. We began the year by making progress earlier than expected across many of our key operating priorities and that momentum has continued into the third quarter. We have balanced a strong focus on near-term operating discipline, while continuing to invest for future growth. At the same time, we're creating a differentiated experience for our teammates, and of course, delivering the highest standard of care for our patients. Today, I will address our outperformance in the third quarter, share a perspective on the potential impact of GLP-1 drugs, provide an update on 2023 guidance, and then wrap up with some thoughts on next year. Before we get into third quarter details, I'd like to start as I always do with a clinical highlight. This time, I will highlight our international business, which provides care for more than 40,000 patients across 11 countries. Each country is unique in terms of health status, local methods of practice, and regulation. Over the past 5 years, we have developed universal protocols to combine our kidney care experience with local practices within each country. Since launching this proprietary framework, we have seen consistent and meaningful improvement in clinical outcomes. We now outperform the clinical benchmarks of every international market in which we operate. And at the aggregate level, all cost patient mortality across our international countries has dropped by 20% since 2020. These results energize the soul of our company, which is to extend life and improve the quality of life of our patients. Transitioning to our financial performance, we had a strong third quarter, delivering adjusted operating income of $525 million and adjusted earnings per share of $2.85. This was ahead of our expectations for the quarter. We continue to perform well across our key operating metrics, and also had additional benefit related to seasonality and timing. Now, let me go to the next level of detail and highlight three drivers including patient census, patient care costs, and integrated kidney care or IKC. First, our patient census has remained steady following the growth we saw in the first half of the year. And we expect to end the year with a census of 1,500 to 2,000 patients higher than the end of 2022. Mortality continues to decline in 2023 in line with our expectations. Assuming these trends continue, we expect to return to positive volume growth in 2024 and beyond. Second, patient care costs continue to decrease during the third quarter. Outside of the seasonal items, the conversion to Mircera for anemia management was the key driver of the decrease. That said wage growth remains above historical trends and exceeds growth in revenue per treatment, but was below our expectations for the quarter. Our experience on labor is consistent with recent macro economic trends. The tight labor market and low unemployment has continued to put pressure on retention and training, offset by slight easing in the wage environment. And finally, our IKC business had a strong quarter and is tracking ahead of our forecast for the year. We are improving patient health outcomes and reducing the total cost of care, which generates savings that is shared between DaVita and our partners. We also realized that revenue associated with these savings earlier in the year than anticipated. We continue to invest in growth while carefully managing our model of care costs and we remain on track with our multiyear plan to achieve breakeven by 2026. Transitioning to a topic of recent focus, there's been a lot of discussion on GLP-1 drugs, including speculation on their potential impact to dialysis growth rate. We are excited by the evidence that these drugs could improve the health of many people worldwide. That said, despite the evolving body of evidence about the positive impact of these drugs will have on obesity, diabetes and cardiac disease, we continue to believe that the impact on dialysis volumes will be limited. We believe this is true even if results from near-term clinical trials proved to be positive in regards to progression of chronic kidney disease or CKD. To explain our perspective, it is important to segment the population based on disease state. In the group that is upstream from CKD Stage 3, it is intuitive that lower obesity should lead to lower incidence of diabetes and hypertension, lower incidence of chronic kidney disease and ultimately fewer people on dialysis. This thesis is built on many uncertainties within a progressive disease, but the one area where we can have clarity is in regards to timing. In this population, the progression to end stage renal disease is typically 15 to 20 years or longer. Suffice to say, this scenario is beyond the horizon of our strategic plan. Now, turning at late stage CKD population. We believe that there are four key factors. First, GLP-1 adoption rate in CKD population. Second, the impact on CKD progression. Third, the offset impact of cardiac mortality benefit, and finally, the impact on payer mix due to any changes in the average patient age. For the purpose of building a conservative forecast, we assume robust adoption and long-term adherence, supported in part by the possibility of strong uptake by those who may take GLP-1s for obesity, rather than for the CKD benefit. We also looked at a wide range of possible clinical impact from current and future clinical trials. Stimulating across these assumptions, the midpoint of our model reflects a neutral impact on 10-year dialysis growth rates with a small, but immaterial impact on payer mix. We recognize this may not sound intuitive, which is why we must consider several misunderstood characteristics about kidney disease. If we look at the approximately 16 million people in the U.S today, with CKD Stage 3 and beyond, over the next 10 years, approximately 75% will pass away before reaching end stage kidney disease. This compares to less than 10% of those individuals who will ultimately progress to dialysis. Since major adverse cardiac events are the single largest cause of this mortality, the positive impact of reduced cardiac event has a much larger population to influence than the effect of timing from slower disease progression. To better quantify the downside case on dialysis growth, we also model the scenario in which efficacy is found across all kidney endpoints in each of the flow and select trials with zero offsetting cardiac mortality benefits. This scenario, which should be clear is not something we expect reflects a 0.5% annual growth headwind over the same 10-year period based on our model. This would equate to approximately $25 million of operating income headwind per year. Let me wrap up by acknowledging the disconnect between our view and what we believe is the markets perspective. To be clear, the disconnect is not related to the popularity of GLP-1 or their numerous health benefit, but specific to the impact on kidney care. Because of this, we have pressure tested our analytics with external epidemiologists and consultants with extensive review available research and across a wide band of assumptions. We are focused not on the midpoint, but on the downside scenario on volume, and incorporated possible financial headwinds from lower commercial mix. In the end, our conclusion, based on what we know today, is that strong adoption of these drugs will not prevent us from achieving our long-term operating income growth targets in the next 10 years. This is a complicated topic, and we're happy to elaborate or answer any questions on our assumptions. Transitioning topics. Looking forward to our fourth quarter, we are revising our 2023 adjusted operating income guidance range of $1.565 billion to $1.675 billion to a new range of $1.65 billion to $1.725 billion. We are also updating our adjusted earnings per share range of $7 to $7.80 per share to a new range of $7.80 to $8.30 per share. It's too early to give guidance for next year, but we expect 2024 to be a year of positive growth in volume and adjusted operating income. Despite continued cost pressures and our ongoing commitment to invest in our teammates, we expect the midpoint of our 2024 adjusted operating income guidance will fall within our long-term target growth rate of 3% to 7%, driven by continued progress on our operating initiatives. We will provide more detail during our fourth quarter call. With that, I will now turn it over to Joel to discuss our financial performance and outlook in more detail.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. I will walk through the strong performance in the quarter, provide some detail about how we are thinking about the fourth quarter and give an update on capital deployment. Starting with volume, Q3 was in line with our expectations. U.S dialysis treatments per day and census were approximately flat to the second quarter. For the first time since the pandemic began, we've now experienced three sequential quarters of year-over-year growth in admits. Trailing 12 months mortality rate continues to decline, we are now approaching pre-pandemic levels of mortality rate as we once again improved quarter-over-quarter. Revenue per treatment was up $3.60 versus Q2. This increase was the result of continued improvements in our revenue cycle performance as well as normal contracted rate increases and an uptick in private pay mix. For the full year, we expect to be near the top end of the 2.5% to 3% year-over-year RPT range that we shared last quarter. Looking ahead to 2024, the Medicare PPS final rate for ESRD was released last week. Despite CMS acknowledging that the 2022 forecast error was larger than originally calculated, the net rate update finalized for 2024 was only 2.1%, which is still below what we believe is appropriate given continued forecasting errors, current inflation and other rising costs. That said, we continue to find ways to expand margin despite RPT increases below current inflation trends. Non-GAAP patient care cost per treatment was down $2.30 sequentially. As Javier mentioned, this was the result of a number of items including the conversion to Mircera for anemia management. In IKC, quarter-over-quarter results improved by $50 million due to two factors. First, we recognized approximately $45 million more of shared savings revenue in the third quarter than in the second quarter. It is important to note that this is higher than our forecast, but the difference is primarily timing as we had anticipated this revenue in the fourth quarter. Second, we had $15 million of positive adjustments from reconciliations from our Special Needs Plans in the quarter. These revenue increases were offset by approximately $10 million of higher costs. Because of the concentration of the shared savings revenue in Q3, we are forecasting a decline in IKC operating results in Q4 compared to Q3. As we have said in the past, results in the IKC business are likely to be somewhat volatile from one quarter to the next. So focusing on annual results remains the better way to understand our performance. Our IKC business continues to make progress and we now expect a full year 2023 IKC adjusted operating loss of approximately $110 million, which is slightly ahead of our prior 2023 guidance. Turning to Q4, our updated operating income guidance implies fourth quarter adjusted operating income of $380 million, a sequential decline of approximately $145 million. The vast majority of the delta is due to two factors, IKC and seasonality. In IKC, fourth quarter results will be lower due primarily to timing as previously noted. The fourth quarter will also have typical seasonality driven by several factors including higher mistreatment rates around the holidays, higher spend on health benefits for our teammates, increased G&A and other year-end costs in the fourth quarter. The magnitude of this seasonality is higher than what we would normally see in the fourth quarter this year. We closed or consolidated 15 clinics in the third quarter, bringing our year-to-date number to 51. We will continue to evaluate our footprint in light of utilization trends. On taxes, we now expect our full year 2023 tax rate to be approximately 23% to 24% which is below our previous range for the year. The updated range is reflective of larger benefits recognized for stock-based compensation and forecasted tax credits. Transitioning to the balance sheet, our capital allocation strategy remains focused on capital efficient growth. As we have said in the past, we target maintaining a low leverage ratio of 3 to 3.5x EBITDA over the long-term, and had paused our share repurchase program 1-year ago as part of our goal to return to this range. Accordingly, we did not repurchase any shares this past quarter, and we ended the quarter with a leverage ratio near the middle of our target range. As a result, and after considering our typical set of capital allocation principles, including our view of intrinsic value relative to current market price of our stock, we intend to resume purchasing shares this quarter. We expect to fund share repurchases using a combination of excess cash flow and capacity within our revolving credit facility. As a reminder, we upsized our revolver earlier this year to provide us with more liquidity and flexibility in our capital structure. We continue to manage our exposure to rising interest rates. Approximately half our debt is long-term notes with very attractive fixed rates, while the other half of our debt is floating rate, we have implemented interest rate caps to manage the majority of this exposure through the end of 2025. That concludes my prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Pito Chickering: Hey, good afternoon guys and thanks for taking my questions. I guess a couple for me here. I guess on year-over-year patient care costs, you guys were some pretty big reductions sort of year-over-year and sequentially. You sort of talked about changes within looking to be managing. But can you just help us sort of think about sort of what were the drivers -- bridge those drivers to us? And then why not talking about 2024, you've done a pretty amazing job this year controlling costs, I guess, do you still see the same opportunity going into next year?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Thanks for the question, Pito. So if you think about patient care costs, I think the right way to think about it is continued wage rate -- wage rate pressure, which we are seeing. As you think about SWBs that is offset by the lower contract labor. Remember, last year, that was a big pain for us and we've got that under control relatively early in the year. So you're probably seeing the better part of $100 million, maybe a little bit less than that. But of that order of magnitude, in savings year-over-year. In terms of other items, we've done a nice job here controlling our anemia costs. We've talked about that in terms of the reduction from the switch to Mircera. And then you have additional savings from us consolidating our footprint, as a result of lower patient volumes. So those are the big items year-over-year. If you think about 2024, I think we anticipate continuing to see pressure on the wage rate, relative to a pre-COVID number. I don't think we are ready to give guidance on where that will land, but it's certainly not coming back to the pre-COVID level from what we see now. We would expect some continued savings, as the savings from both Mircera and our facility closings annualize. And then as you would expect, we will continue to look for other opportunities to bring the cost down to mitigate, what ultimately will be a higher wage rate pressure than we see in our RPT growth.
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then shifting sort of to the GLP-1s, we sort of tried to do the same thing a few weeks ago, sort of building out a 10-year model. There's definitely a lot of moving parts here. Any chance you guys want to sort of share with us the model that you guys had just so we can play with the assumptions within those variables. And at the same time, can you just sort of talk to us about what you saw with HCL2 inhibitors, what impact did you guys see from CKD patients going to [indiscernible] disease from that drug and just as you think about the impact from GLP-1s?
Javier Rodriguez: Well, Pito, this is Javier. And I saw your note. So you've been swimming and all the complexity here. So since there's different levels of familiarity and understanding on the call, and as you know, the variables have interplay with one another. I think it would be good to step back, get a common foundation, so that we can all take off from the same place. So to get that model, that you asked for, what I'm going to ask is, first, for our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Gillian to provide a high-level overview of the Clinical. And then I'll hand it over to Joe, and he can give us a bit of the financial impact, so we could give you a framework, and then we can talk about assumptions. Is that fair?
Pito Chickering: Sounds good.
Javier Rodriguez: All right. Dr. G.
Jeffrey Giullian: Yes. Perfect. Thanks, Pito. Let me just start by saying, I acknowledge the energy and society right now, all around these medications. And as Javier mentioned at the outset, I'm encouraged, I think we are all encouraged that these drugs can truly change the lives of many people, and we certainly endorse the use of therapies that benefit people living with heart disease and those living with kidney disease. When it comes to the GLP-1 agonist, they've been available since 2005. They've generated dozens of high-quality clinical studies. And what I found interesting is that really fewer than half of the studies that even looked at kidney disease, demonstrated any efficacy and delaying progression. So that's about 40% of those studies showed no improvement. 40% showed some aspects of improvement and then about 20% had some mixed results. And then, of course, of those that demonstrated, that improvement or the impact, the greatest impact was on a subset of patients. And so that's where we started with all of this. Now like you're probably wondering, I think the two biggest questions I get are: a, what percent of people are ultimately or do we ultimately expect are going to be on these medications? And then b, what percent delay in progression of CKD is that going to lead to? So let me kind of walk you through our clinical thinking, and then I'll hand it off to Joel to talk more about the financial impact. On that first question about 5% to 8% of patients right now with CKD are on these medications. And the published discontinuation rates is high as 69%. And to be very conservative in our model, we've ultimately estimated that about 30% of CKD patients could someday take these medications, and we arrived at that number by triangulating from a number of different data points. We looked at uptake of other medications, including generic medications, which are known to slow kidney dysfunction. We looked at patient clinical eligibility. And specifically on that one, about 70% of CKD patients, who ultimately progress to dialysis, are either obese or have diabetes or both with the other 30% really not being eligible for these drugs. And so we were assuming about 40% of those that are eligible could potentially receive these medications in the future. And then that would translate to at maximum, we believe, around 30% of the total CKD patient population, who would be on these medicines of those that ultimately progress to dialysis. So that's the first part of the question. The second part of the question is how to estimate impact. And we did that by looking at things, that we know of, in terms of evaluating slowing disease progression. And that is if there is even a delay with these medicines. Right now, we are estimating a 25% delay in progression. And to arrive at that number, we looked at the impact in the subset of clinical trials that did demonstrate renal progression efficacy. And as I had mentioned, that's about 40% of those studies. And then we picked the data points from those of the smaller subpopulations in those studies, where the medications demonstrated benefit. And so in general, that appeared to be about 25%, and we use that 25% to really extrapolate for the broader CKD population. And again, this was to be conservative in our approach. And I'll just sort of end by saying no therapy has really demonstrated the halt progression or reversal of kidney damage over time. And -- so that goes to the second part of your question, which includes the SGLT2s. Right now about 8% of our ESRD population has been on an SGLT2 and that's for a number of reasons, including the fact that about 65% of patients that get prescribed those medications ultimately discontinue them. So that impact, we believe we have considered already in our model, and I'll let Joel share a little bit more on that.
Javier Rodriguez: Great. Thank you, Dr. Giullian. So I have had the benefit of weeks and weeks of being steeped in the clinical aspects of this with Dr. Giullian, other nephrologists, epidemiologists, both internal as well as external. So let me try and sum up what Dr. Giullian said and then I'll talk about our modeling. I would say three things. First, our assumptions are not pulled out of the air. These GLP-1 drugs have been used for at least 7 or 8 years for the management of diabetes. So there are a number of robust studies, as Jeff said. So there is a data set off of which to build some assumptions. That said, there's a lot of uncertainty still, and we wanted to be conservative. So we landed on two assumptions that are incorporated in our modeling. First, that 30% of the CKD population will be on these drugs. It's not going to happen overnight. It will play out over time. That's one of the things that makes the modeling complex. So that's assumption one, a 30% utilization rate or penetration rate among our population. Again, we think that is a conservative number. Second, a 25% efficacy rate. And what that means is for the patients, who take this drug, their progression in CKD will be slowed down by 25%. To put numbers on that, if you think of a typical CKD patient progressing from a later stage of CKD to ESRD over 10 years, that would convert that 10-year progression to 12.5 years. So those are the clinical inputs that we are using for our modeling. Now let me turn to how we modeled two different numbers. The first, I'm going to talk about is, commercial mix impact. And let me start with this because I think it's a little bit easier to understand and the financial implications could be serious. But what you'll hear is they are not and here's why. So as you would expect, we've got a very robust model around this, that we've used to simulate the impact in a number of scenarios. We use this also to create a much simplified framework, that we can use to explain to you how we are thinking about this. So let me start that framework with some known inputs. First, we have approximately 22,000 commercial patients today that we know. And second, again, most of our patients, who are 65 and over are on -- are not commercially insured. For modeling purposes, it is safe to assume that the population above 65 has a commercial mix of almost 0. And for the commercial mix of our incident patients below 65, it is pretty constant. It doesn't matter if they're 40 or 50 or 60, it's a pretty constant number and the number drops, when they hit 65. The result of that shape of the curve is that when we think about modeling the impact of a delay in progression from GLP-1s on commercial mix, all that really matters is the cohort of patients, who are just below the age of 65, who without GLP-1s would have been incident to dialysis with commercial insurance, but because of GLP-1s, their incidents will be delayed. And instead of being delayed at younger than 65, instead of being incident at younger than 65, they will be incident at older than 65. So with that framework, let me tell you our assumptions. First, we are talking about a 25% delay in progression. We talked about that already. That translates, as I said, into a 2.5-year window of incident patients that we care about. And here's an important fact. About 10% of our commercial population is incident in that 2.5-year window, before 65. Said another way, 10% of our commercial population is aged 62.5 through 64. And so here's the math. You take 22,000 patients assume 10% of them are in that incident window that we care about of 62.5 to 64 and say 30% of them will be on the GLP-1 drug, and that gets you 22,000 x 10% x 30%, that's 660 patients. That's the number of commercial patients, we would expect to lose, as a result of GLP-1 penetration getting to 30%. That 660 patients divided by our 200,000 patients is 33 basis points of commercial mix. So again, let me be clear what that 33 basis points of commercial mix means. It means the cumulative impact of the growth of GLP-1s, however, long it takes us to get to that 30% and to see that flow through our CKD population, will be a reduction of 33 basis points in total. If that happens over 10 years, that's about 3 basis points a year. It is a negligible amount. To put it in perspective, our commercial mix went up 18 basis points this quarter alone, you would never find this in our numbers. That's why we believe the commercial mix effectively will not change as a result of a delay in progression.
Joel Ackerman: All right. Pito, we said a mouthful just to set it up, there's, of course, the second part, which is just an overall volume, but we wanted to start off with commercial patients first and the impact on that, which is, as Joel said, not financially important. So any questions on that?
Pito Chickering: So to sort of take all that and sort of reapply the models, but that was a very detailed answer. I will jump back in the queue for some more questions in a bit. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Justin Lake: Thanks. I appreciate all that detail. That was incredible. So let me just follow-up on one of those points, which is that 30%. So the 30% in a CKD population, that knows they're progressing to ESRD and dialysis. Is there -- what's the kind of grounding behind that number? I thought it might be higher, given the end state of kidney [indiscernible]
Jeffrey Giullian: Yes. Thanks, Justin. This is Jeff Giullian. We've looked at a number of things. We know for the past two decades or longer that we've had generic medications, ACE inhibitors and ARBs on the market, that have good impact on potentially slowing progression of renal disease. When you look at the uptake of those medications, even in patients who you just described, know that they're progressing through CKD, even that ranges between only 17.8% and about 30% to 35% of the population. And those medications tend to have a slightly lower discontinuation rate than the GLP-1s. And so looking at that, we have a pretty strong baseline of what to expect for uptake of these medications.
Javier Rodriguez: And remember, Justin, it's better to think of it as 40% because 30% are neither diabetic nor obese. And so it's 30% overall, but 40% of the applicable population. And we are assuming a 100% adherence which is not a normal assumption. We are just trying to be as conservative, as we can be because, as Dr. G said, many, many people get off the medicine actually more than 50% after year 1 is a stat, that's useful.
Justin Lake: And then, Doc, can you tell us why that number is so low, again, among people that are kind of marching towards kidney failure. Why is the take up rate only 18% to 30%? Could you -- do not think that goes higher given the some of these studies that are coming out that are highlighting the benefits? Or are those benefits always been known and the magnitude of those benefits always been known. And there are reasons why it's still so low.
Jeffrey Giullian: Yes. It takes a lot of speculation to understand why patients do or don't do what they ultimately choose. Some of this has to do with access to physicians and access to medications and social determinants of health. Some of it has to do with discontinuation rates for any number of reasons, such as side effects and things along those lines. And quite frankly, our clinical research team has done research in the population of patients that ultimately progresses from CKD to end-stage renal disease. And there's just a number of social and other reasons, including behavioral health, education, et cetera, that limits the full uptake like we might expect on paper.
Justin Lake: Got it. Appreciate it. And then just two quick numbers questions, I'll jump out. The first, can you tell us your run rate, in terms of patient care costs that are now coming from drugs? Just trying to understand the totality of where drug spending is at the moment? And then secondly, Joel, if we look back, it's exciting to hear you're kind of going to get back to buying back the stock. I think the last time you were buying it in 2022, I think you averaged around $200 million a quarter. Could investors think about that as a reasonable kind of jumping point, in terms of what -- how to think about you kind of pace of buybacks? Thanks.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Let me take the buyback one first. In terms of pace, it is hard to put a number out there, I'd say, look, we've always been comfortable using excess cash flow as well as available leverage to buy back. What I would point out is, we have a bigger revolver than we've had historically. We used to have a $1 billion revolver. We upsized that to $1.5 billion. So if you think about the limitation of liquidity on our share buybacks, we would probably be more comfortable tapping into the revolver for buybacks now, now that we've got a bigger revolver than we did before.
Justin Lake: And the second part of the question was what percentage or what's the cost of treatment on drugs?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I assume what you're really interested is in anemia there, that's been the source of the biggest savings. That number has come down dramatically to a point, where I think it's hard to bake in a lot of major savings from that going forward.
Justin Lake: Thats helpful. Thanks, guys.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you, Justin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. Maybe just to circle back to buyback comment. Is it safe to say that the $3 million to $3.5 million is still the gating factor then to that? Or now that you feel more comfortable about your base EBITDA, the ability to grow that you'd be okay over some period of time going above the $3.5 million that you would get back to that $3 million to $3.5 million?
Joel Ackerman: Yes, Kevin, I wouldn't view it as a gating factor, but rather we committed to getting back to that place. And now we are there, and we feel comfortable being there. And we will revert back and forth as we see appropriate. Right now, we see a disconnect between how we are feeling about our business and how the market is interpreting our results. And so we might be very aggressive. And so that is, of course, term of art because if I use that and I buy $300 million, you're going to think it was $400 million. And so I would say, from my perspective, the right way to think about it is, we want to give our money back to our shareholders, and we want to be capital efficient, and we want to pounce if there's an opportunity or a window, and that's probably the best way to think about it.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. That's helpful. And then, I guess, one of the things as you walk through your model about -- you talked about the slowdown in progression of the disease. You kind of started with like an advanced CKD population. Is there any potential that taking the drug earlier would start that clock earlier than that and extend the 25% slowdown? Or is this really something that really does just kind of kick in, they're all going to happen later on in that 10-year window is when the clock starts. And I think at the beginning, you talked about how you all see a volume impact for, whatever it was, 15 years or so. But then you start talking about how the drug has been used in the last 7 years. So trying to figure out when does the clock start on that volume impact?
Jeffrey Giullian: Sure. Thanks, Kevin. This is Jeff Giullian again. A couple of things. Number one, for chronic kidney disease in general, the time frame can be variable, but from moving from early CKD Stage 3, all the way to end-stage kidney disease, is often 15 to 20 years. I think the average is about 18 years. Even for people living with diabetes, that time frame is 11, 12 years or even longer in some cases.
Kevin Fischbeck: Sorry, let me correct you said 3. You meant to say pre from 
Jeffrey Giullian: Yes, exactly. Thank you. And so as we look at this and have modeled it out and have thought about it, we don't believe that we are going to see a major impact in the next 10 years. Then to take that one step further, as we've looked at the clinical studies, even the subset of clinical studies that have demonstrated any kidney impact at all, that impact is significantly lower in the patient population that is pre-CKD Stage 3.
Joel Ackerman: Kevin, it's Joel here. Let me add one more point because we are probably not talking enough about the potential offset from a reduction in cardiac mortality. And that plays into this question of what impact are we seeing and when are we seeing it? And I think one of the reasons we are seeing -- we think we are seeing so little impact now is because the uptake in the drug has been so low. Jeff, correct me if I'm wrong, but GLP-1 uptake in CKD is low single digits today, right? So you wouldn't expect to see it at such a low uptake. The other important thing is both for GLP-1s and for SGLT2 inhibitors, there has been clear demonstration of a reduction in cardiac mortality. And the way we think about that playing through our population, is so many more CKD patients are likely to die of cardiac disease, than ultimately progress to ESKD. So if you can reduce that number, who are passing away from cardiac disease, it creates a larger population that could potentially, ultimately be incident on ESRD, and that would offset some of the impact of incident delay. And so if we are seeing the negative impact of SGLT2 inhibitors or GLP-1s today, even though the uptake of those drugs is so small, there is a good chance that we are also seeing the mitigating effect on the cardiac death.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. That's helpful. I guess maybe then a question would be in the quarter, you talked about mortality improving. Are the new starts back to where you would expect them to be? Or does that also have to improve?
Joel Ackerman: Our new starts are back to where we would have expected them to be. We felt that pressure intensely last year, but we are now seeing year-over-year starts back to what we would have expected.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. So you're looking at it and saying 2% volume growth is the right number. Longer term, the new starts back to where it should be, it's really just the mortality that's the difference between where we are now at 2%?
Joel Ackerman: I think thats a reasonable summation of where we are.
Jeffrey Giullian: Yes. If you were to be a little more refined or sharpen your pencil, our miss treatments are slightly higher than before, and we are working on that as well. But your point is bigger.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And so then this comment that you're making about, if this drug is adopted and the cardiology benefit is the way you think it could be, would we see more new starts then? Is that what would show up, you see that before we saw the progression? Or how does that -- how would we ever see that -- that's actually the way that that's playing out?
Joel Ackerman: Well, I think, yes, you would see it in new starts. I mean you'd never be able to pinpoint these patients, but these are patients who, without these drugs would have passed away at late-stage CKD before being incident to ESRD, but that, again, would be offset by the delay in incidence of patients who are taking these drugs and remain in CKD longer.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. Makes sense. And then maybe just last question. The IKC business coming in better, but you're still kind of keeping that 2026 target, is there anything unusual or prior period in that? Or is it just not a big enough change from your projection to kind of say that the trajectory is accelerated?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So look, the quarter was really strong, but a lot of that was the result of timing. It was shared savings revenue that we expected in Q4 and came in Q3. As we've talked about in the past and we think will be true in the future, the quarter-over-quarter variability in IKC is quite large. And I think the right way to look at IKC is full year, what we see now, we called out $110 million loss approximately for IKC for the year. That's a bit better than what we were talking about before. But nowhere nearly, as big as the beat this quarter. And again, that's largely because of the timing between this quarter and next. So I'd say overall, IKC is on track. They are performing slightly better than we expected, but in the range. And for that reason, we continue to expect better number next year, again in '25 and then breakeven by '26.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, great. Thanks.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you, Kevin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lisa Clive with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Lisa Clive: Hi. Thanks very much. And talking about the late-stage CKD patients, how should we think about the diagnosis of that group? Obviously, even Stage 3 is severely under diagnosed and there's been a big push to try and improve that. Now that there are a variety of medications, that can really potentially have an impact, if used early enough, it seems like it's the right thing to do by patients. How are you involved in this? And where do you see the diagnosis rates going?
Jeffrey Giullian: Thanks, Lisa. This is Jeff again. A couple of thoughts on that. There's been a push to diagnose patients earlier with CKD for a long time, and yet, we are not seeing epidemiologically a large increase in that. There's been a push to get the word out about kidney disease and things along those lines. When it comes to the medications available, medications like ACE inhibitors and ARBs, SGLT2 inhibitors and the GLP-1s, they've been available for a long time, and the knowledge regarding their kidney impacts have been known to the nephrology community for several years. So for us, this isn't necessarily new news, although I know it's been making headlines recently. So from that standpoint, we are not seeing a lot of change. We are continuing to work with physicians upstream to educate them about medications that are available and things like that. And as we think specifically about our role in Integrated Kidney Care and improving transitions of care for those patients that do go on to dialysis, this is something that's important to us. We work with our physician partners regularly on managing the care of patients with chronic kidney disease and reducing their risk factors.
Lisa Clive: Okay. And a related question, just looking at the disease prevalence over time. As we've seen the obesity rate go over the last 20 years from sort of 30% to 40% of the adult population, Clearly, we've seen a notable increase in diabetes and [indiscernible] and depth, but at least the estimated prevalence and it's a big estimate because there are so many undiagnosed patients. But the estimated prevalence of CKD, has really been pretty flat over that time period. Any thoughts on why that may be the case? I'm just thinking if that obesity rate even potentially pulls back, what the relationship will be with CKD?
Jeffrey Giullian: Yes. Most of the estimated prevalence comes from physicians coding CKD, as a diagnosis, through what's called ICD-10 codes. And so as physicians focus on other things, cardiovascular risk factors and cancer type risk factors and things like that. CKD in the early stages, especially CKD 1 and 2 and early CKD Stage 3, just isn't top of priority in some cases. And so we are just not seeing at least the documented prevalence of those with CKD Stage 3 rise.
Lisa Clive: Okay. Thanks for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Pito Chickering: Hey, guys. So I'll follow-up here with a couple sort of just quickies here. SG&A, a lot of moving parts this quarter, including, I think, a funding of charity groups. Just curious, if you can just bridge us for what the moving parts in 3Q? And how we should think about G&A for 4Q?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I don't think there's a lot to call out on G&A overall quarter-over-quarter, there's really nothing that jumps out. In terms of Q4, I would expect a modest uptick from seasonality, but nothing major.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Revenue per treatment had a nice pickup sequentially as well. Was there any mix shift here? Or is that just more of a seasonality thing at this point?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. The biggest impact on RPT quarter-over-quarter was continued progress on our collections efforts. We are really crowd from an operational standpoint of what our team has been able to accomplish there. We talked about it last quarter. We got a little bit more this quarter. And I would say, for the time being, we've probably gotten the vast majority of that. So I'm not anticipating a whole lot more of that in the next few quarters. We did see a commercial mix uptick in the quarter but, we also got the benefit of some just negotiated rate increases as well.
Pito Chickering: What are the goals that you're getting at this point from commercial payers?
Joel Ackerman: Sorry, what was the question?
Pito Chickering: What are the -- I guess, the rate increases that managed care payers are giving at this point?
Joel Ackerman: As we've said in the past, our contracts are multiyear. So in any given year, you don't have that many at that. What we've seen up to now, is a lot of regional accounts and it's fair to say that the increases have reflected the environment that we're in, i.e., an inflationary environment. So they've been a bit higher than pre-pandemic. And we will see what next year brings as we have a couple of the larger ones up for renewal.
Pito Chickering: Okay. On IKC, I guess things got a little bit worse there for the year. I guess, what was driving that, if I heard that right. And then you talked about start of 2024 OI in the 4% to 7% range, how much of that is coming from improvements of IKC versus from kidney?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So, Pito, I think you misheard there. IKC has gotten a little bit better. We have lowered the loss since our prior guidance. So we continue to see improvement over the course of the year. In terms of '24, it's too early to give guidance. Javier talked about 3% to 7% as being where we think the midpoint of the range will fall. Again, too early to quantify where that will come from, I'd say, it's fair to say some of it will come from IKC, but that will not be all good.
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then last question for me, just a follow-up on Kevin's question, specifically on third quarter. What were the new patient adds in the third quarter? How does that compare versus where we were pre-COVID? And specifically, what was the mortality in the quarter, how did that compare versus sort of pre-COVID. Just curious the interplay between incidents of new patients versus extension of mortality to help figure out treatment growth.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So, for the quarter, volume came in right where we expected it. The new adds were consistent with kind of a pre-COVID type number, excess mortality, I'm going to peg it at 400. I think the excess mortality number is a number that we are probably going to start phasing out as a metric. It's getting so close to pre-COVID levels, it's getting kind of within the error band of what you consider as our pre-COVID number, and that number moved year-to-year pre-COVID. So for consistency with what we've called out historically, the number is 400. But I think I would expect that number to continue to decline and ultimately, like contract labor, it was something that was important for a period of time but is no longer important. So we are going to try and move away from that number going forward.
Pito Chickering: Okay, great. Thats it for me guys. Thanks so much.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Pito.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lisa Clive with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Lisa Clive: Hi. I just wanted to squeeze in some questions on home dialysis, if I can. Do you have any statistics you could give us about what proportion of your incident private patients are still employed versus on COBRA and how that looks, if there's any difference in your home dialysis patients and how we should think about that mix going forward?
Javier Rodriguez: I actually don't know the mix between COBRA and private, but I know that number is pretty steady and when there's full employment, that usually moves in recessionary periods. So we can look at that, but I don't think it's a meaningful change, if that's what you're going for. And as it relates to home, it does have a higher mix. We have now roughly 15% change of our patients at home, and that number has been stable. We've continued to work hard to get more patients on it. But we have not seen any shift in insurance as it relates to the cohorts.
Lisa Clive: Okay. I guess I was really just wondering for those private patients that managed to go on home dialysis, whether there is more of a -- whether more of them can stay employed because my understanding was for the patients that are on COBRA, a lot of them won't make it through the full sort 33 months. Could you just comment on whether I'm right on that and whether that -- whether greater home dialysis could mean sort of more patients employed for longer?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. We've looked at that number, and it's not an easy piece of analysis because you can run into the trap of correlation without causation and you wind up with a number that looks good, but ultimately doesn't really drive any better financial results as your home dialysis rates go up. So I would put that down as inconclusive.
Javier Rodriguez: And Lisa, one of the things that is important for the last decade or so, people assume that patient would go home, they would have more flexibility and they would keep their ability to work. But the reality is that the dropout rate on dialysis at home has continued to be incredibly high. So roughly about half of the patients that are on therapy would rather be taking care in center or have to be taken in center because of a medical condition.
Lisa Clive: Okay. Thats helpful. Thanks.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: And we have no additional questions in the queue.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Well, I know that, that was a very dense conversation, unusual in that it was not so much related into the quarter, but something that is really important to have an understanding of what we are looking at and what you're looking at. So let me make a couple of closing comments. First, we had a very strong quarter, and we continue our track record of meeting our commitments. Secondly, hopefully, it became clear. We are very happy that these drugs are out there and it can improve the lives of many. But on kidney, it is more nuanced to understand the impact it will have on the population. Third, even with a robust adoption, based on what we know today, we believe that this class of drugs will not impact our plan to deliver a 3% to 7% OI growth for our long-term plan. And then lastly, but really important, we remain really diligently and focused on delivering the best care today for our patients while also building the capabilities and models of care for a healthier tomorrow. It just dawned on me that this is the last time that we're scheduled to speak for the year. So on behalf of our team, I'd like to wish you and your families a happy and healthy holidays. Be well.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you, Mr. Eliason, you may begin your conference.
Nic Eliason: Thank you, and welcome to our second quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Nic Eliason, Group Vice President of Investor Relations and joining me today are Javier Rodriguez, our CEO and Joel Ackerman, our CFO. Please note that during this call, we may make forward looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our second quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Quarter on Form 10-K, all subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other subsequent filings that we make with the SEC. Our forward looking statements are based on information currently available to us. And we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements except as may be required by law. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release furnished to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you Nic, and thank you for joining our call today. I hope that everyone's having a safe and joyful summer. At DaVita, we've been focused on innovation and continuous improvement to provide the highest quality care for our patients. Hand-in-hand with these efforts, we've been driving operational improvements across our organization. Our second quarter performance reflects strong traction across those initiatives, putting us on a path to deliver strong clinical outcomes and financial results for the year. Today, I will cover the second quarter results, offer some perspective on the industry landscape and drivers of long-term performance and update our full year guidance. Before we get into the second quarter details, I would like to take a moment to celebrate a clinical and technological milestone. On our February call, we mentioned the rollout of our next generation clinical IT system, which we refer to as Center Without Walls or CWOW. I'm happy to report that after five years of development, CWOW is now alive in each of our approximately 2,700 clinics across the United States. This patient-centric cloud-based system combines and replaces four legacy systems and is designed to provide seamless flow of information across each of our centers in all modalities. This includes real-time clinical dashboards, data sharing with our physicians and integrated kidney care platforms, and notifications such as critical lab alerts. For ease of use, it features wristbands for quick teammate login, improve ability to track and reschedule mistreatment, enhance real-time documentation, and consolidate it reporting for streamlined analysis. And while we're enthuse about these immediate benefits, the most significant enhancement is the state-of-the-art data structure and platform upon which we can build further capabilities, including artificial intelligence to advance the care delivery in the years ahead. With this groundbreaking platform, our clinicians are able to access the right information at the right time in the right place. Transition to our financial performance. In the second quarter, we delivered a adjusted operating income of $432 million in adjusted earnings per share of $2.08. These results were driven by improvements across our financial trilogy of treatment volume, revenue treatment, and patient care costs. I'll touch on each of these in a bit more detail. On volume, we saw our second consecutive quarter of improvements in census and treatments per day. This is encouraging, as it's the result of better macro-environment and progress in our operating initiatives. We're turning near the top of our original volume range of down 3% to flat year-over-year, and if these trends continue, we would anticipate delivering volume growth in 2024. Shifting to revenue and revenue per treatment. Revenue per treatment was particularly strong in the quarter. This was primarily driven by typical seasonal factors from patients meeting their copays and deductibles, along with normal expected rate increases and improvement in mix, including Medicare Advantage. Adding to the RPT increase, we have seen progress from investments we've been making in our revenue cycle capabilities. These investments resulted in higher cash collections and a decline in our DSO. I'm excited about the investments we've been making in these areas, which represent a good example of how we are constantly improving operations. And finally, patient care costs improved as expected in the quarter. Although base wage increases remain well above historic pre-pandemic levels, other expenses, including contract labor and pharmaceuticals continue to decline. This benefit was partially offset by elevated training costs. While staffing level in our clinic are in a much better position compared to last year, we continue to experience above average turnover among facility teammates. As a result, we no longer expect an improvement in our training productivity during the back half of this year. Taking a step back for the most recent results, I would like to offer some reflections on the broader industry landscape and our effort to drive performance going forward. Beginning with the reimbursement rates. We are disappointed by CMS's proposal to update the ESRD perspective payment system for 2024. Specifically, the proposed rate increased false short of expected cost inflation in 2024. And it failed to adjust for the acknowledged inflation forecast miss relative to actual wage and inflation increases over the past two years. The kidney care community will continue to advocate for an adjustment mechanism to reconcile these forecasters similar to what exists today for skilled nursing facilities. In response to the persistent cost inflation, we are continuing our track record of innovation across all areas of our cost structure. Most recently, we consolidated portions of our facility footprint and reduced pharmaceutical costs through our conversion to Mircera for anemia management. These programs are proceeding in line with our expectations. Going forward, we will continue to drive cost efficiencies across the P&L. Through these efforts and continued improvement in our volume trend, we continue to target 3% to 7% long-term growth of our enterprise adjusted operating income. Looking forward to the remainder of the year, given our progress during the second quarter, we are advising our adjusted operating income range of $1.475 billion to $1.625 billion to a new range of $1.565 billion to 41.675 billion. We are also updating our adjusted earnings per share range of $6.20 to $7.30 to a new range of $7 to $7.80. Our performance relative to this guidance will continue to depend heavily on momentum and patient census trends, our ability to manage patient care costs within the broader labor environment and sustain improvement in revenue cycle management. I will now turn the call to Joel to discuss financial performance and outlook in more detail.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. I will walk through a few factors driving our strong performance in the second quarter, starting with treatment volume. In the second quarter, U.S. Dialysis treatments per day were up by approximately 0.3 percent sequentially. This is the result of continued census gains in the second quarter, driven by an increase in new to dialysis admits. Mortality remains higher than pre-COVID levels, but came in lower than Q1 and in line with our expectations for the quarter. Our mistreatment rate continues to be elevated relative to historic levels. Revenue per treatment was up $10.59 versus Q1. Approximately half of this increase was the result of seasonality, primarily due to higher patient responsibility amounts in the first quarter. Approximately $2 came from normal expected rate increases and continued increases in patient mix. An additional roughly $2 was the result of strong cash collections in Q2. As Javier said, we have been investing in improvements in our revenue cycle management systems and processes and are beginning to see the benefits of these efforts in both RPT and DSOs. We were anticipating these improvements, but they came earlier than forecasted. We expect these benefits to persist in the back half of the year and going forward. As a result, we now anticipate year-over-year RPT growth to be 2.5% to 3%. On a non-GAAP basis, patient care cost per treatment decreased 1.5% sequentially. While base wage increases remain high, we have successfully reduced most of the temporary compensation measures we relied on during 2022. At the end of Q2, contract labor has returned back to pre-pandemic levels. Operating income from our integrated kidney care business was approximately flat with Q1. The quarter benefited from positive prior period developments in our special needs plans and the timing of expenses that were delayed until later this year. For the full year, we now expect IKC adjusted operating income to be approximately flat to 2022 operating income loss of $125 million. Regarding our clinic footprint, in Q2, we closed or consolidated 16 centers in the U.S. bringing our year to-date U.S. closures to 36. We continue to assess further facility consolidation and closures during the back half of the year. Regarding capital structure, we ended the quarter with a leverage ratio of approximately 3.7 times EBITDA and did not repurchase any shares during the second quarter. Our capital allocation strategy remains focused on capital efficient growth, a target leverage ratio of 3 to 3.5 times EBITDA and the return of excess cash flow to investors through share buybacks. Given our increased guidance for the balance of the year, we have increased visibility towards bringing our leverage level back within our target range. That concludes my prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first color is Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. You may go ahead, sir.
Joanna Gajuk: Good afternoon. Actually, this is Joanna Gajuk filling for Kevin. Thanks for taking the Q&A question here. So, thanks for the color around the revenue per treatment and breakdown in terms of the drivers. There are included very strong performance and I appreciate a commentary aspect. I guess a fast group for the year. Just looking into the pieces because you said a better payer mix one of the drivers, can you talk about the specific commercial pricing and what kind of rating increases are you getting this year and also any indications for how things are tracking into next year? Because I guess that's where maybe one area, because you also mentioned a Medicare rate out there being lower than cost inflation. So, is the commercial pricing gets tracking better?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Thank you for the question, Joanna. I'll start off and Joel, you can supplement if I miss anything of importance. Private pay mix is holding up. It picked up 20 bps and we continue to see that our private pay patients really value their insurance. As it relates to rate increases, just a reminder, most of our contracts are multi-year. So, in any given year, we don't negotiate that many contracts. There's nothing really to call out on that. Our rate per treatment increases are in line with expectations. So, is there another part of your question that I didn't answer, Joanna?
Joanna Gajuk: No, this was -- yes, this was it, but I guess also related, if I kind of follow-up to that topic, in terms of the Marietta case, and I guess we spoke before. Are there's still bipartisan support for a fix. So, can you give us any update on that? And I guess on that topic, as it relates to pricing, commercial pricing, are you seeing employers using this court decision to restrict networks or are they using it to maybe, they bring it up in the price negotiations when it comes to pricing?
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. Let me take a minute, and let me lend up a little to some people who are not tracking all of the Marietta, so it's probably best for me to divide it into what we know and what we don't know. So, let me start with what we do know. As we look at our claims year to date, we have not seen much change compared to prior years, so there's not a lot of volume. But we have learned more about how employers change benefits and mislead members on how it's done. And so we don't want to accommodate this poor behavior. So what we have done is we've implemented a verification process at admissions, and if an employer eliminates the network, dialysis benefit for its member, then we have the right to prevent that plan from having access to our centers. In addition, we continue to have very high interest, bipartisan interest and making sure that policy makers protect our patients. So those are the things that we do know. What we don't know is how many employer groups are considering carving out dialysis from network in the future. And we also don't know if or when members of Congress will introduce the bill and how the CBO will score it. The last part of your question was, are payers using this in one way or another? And it has not come up in one negotiation, because this is really more of a dynamic between the employer, trying to decide what to do with the plan, not what the payer does with the provider. The provider and the payer both value network. Does that help you, Joanna?
Joanna Gajuk: Yes, that makes sense. No, no, that totally makes sense and I appreciate it. So in terms of what's going on in Congress and the score. Is there any indication what we might hear about this or that's not really something that we can predict from the outside?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. There's nothing we can predict from the outside. That's left to policy makers, champions, and the dynamics of Washington, D.C.
Joanna Gajuk: Great. Thank you. And if I maybe just on the guidance phase, but it sounds like some improvement in the pricing rate and then I guess contract labor, sounds like that's better. Is that the way to frame the guidance phase of $70 million of the operating income, just the operating income guidance?
Joel Ackerman: Yes, Joanna, if I were to kind of give you the pieces of what drove $70 million of increased guidance, that's middle of the range to middle of the range on OI. I'd say about half is the RPT, as you called it out. The other half is volume. We saw stronger admissions this quarter and the nature of volume is it's cumulative. It'll never really kick in any one quarter in that big a way, but as it accumulates, stronger in Q1, stronger in Q2, and we see it better in the back half of the year. For the full year, we think that'll contribute about half of the $70 million. Contract labor, it continues to improve, but it's now pretty much in line with what we were expecting. And as we said in the prepared remarks, it's really back down to pre-COVID levels, and hopefully it won't be much of a topic going forward.
Joanna Gajuk: Thank you, appreciate it. Thanks for the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next caller is Andrew Mok with UBS. Sir, you may go ahead.
Andrew Mok: Hi, good afternoon. Appreciate all the color on the sequential RPT improvement, but a couple of follow-ups there. First, is the seasonality component in line with historical seasonality, or is there something about the patient benefit design that's creating more acute seasonality this year? And can you go into a bit more detail on what's driving the better cash collections? Thanks.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Andrew, thanks. So on the seasonality, no, it was a little bit more than $5 per treatment, which is right in line with what we've seen historically. In terms of collections, look, we have invested in our processes and in our technology to get better information and to give better information to the health plans on everything from prior authorizations to other data required to claim submissions. And that's both the quality of the data and the timeliness of the data. And what we're seeing is we're getting paid quicker, and that's why you saw DSOs come down last quarter. And again, this quarter, and we're also seeing we're collecting more, and that's what's driving the RPT increase. And I think the most important thing from our standpoint is not a one-time thing. These are fundamental changes that we've made, that we think will persist.
Andrew Mok: Great, appreciate the call. And then as a follow-up, the guidance, the OI guidance is up about 5%. I think your free cash flow is up about 10%. Can you help bridge the difference there? Or help us understand why the free cash conversion is better on the new guide? And I think I missed your comments on share repurchase, but we'd love to get your latest thoughts around there and the potential resumption of share repurchase? Thanks.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So the big difference between OI and free cash flow is the DSOs. As we see those DSOs come down, that'll add to the free cash flow for the year. In terms of share repurchases, we're on track with what we set out to do. Our leverage levels were above our target range. I think we were quite clear with everyone. We wanted to get back down to 3.5 or below. We're making good progress on that. We're at 3.7 for the quarter, and we didn't buy back any shares. We don't expect to buy back any shares in Q3, but we feel like we've got better visibility now to get back to the 3.5 or below.
Andrew Mok: Great. Thank you. I'll hop back in the queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Sir, you may go ahead.
Javier Rodriguez: Hey, Pito.
Operator: Pito, your line is open. We'll go to the next caller. Lisa Clive with Bernstein. You may go ahead.
Lisa Clive: Hi, there. Apologies, Javier, if you touched on this in the opening remarks. I was a few minutes late. But just could you comment on the CMS rate increase and the fact that they made a mistake in the calculations and what the chances are of getting an improvement there? And also, just as we think about going into 2025, what would a fair rate increase look like, and perhaps what lower numbers should our expectations around that actually be?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Thanks for the question, Lisa. It's kind of funny. I've been here for a very long time, and not many questions used to come up about the rate increase with Medicare. And so, we started to ask ourselves, why is this a new dynamic? And the reality is that the system is quite complicated, but it works relatively well in times where there's economic stability. And yet, when we're experiencing times of inflation or lack of stability, it's really showing that it doesn't work in many ways. So let me step back. If you were to spend time on trying to understand the methodology, you would really come to the conclusion that it is practically not possible to forecast, because there's just too many things that are either proprietary or use lag data or a benchmark that is not related to dialysis. It's a benchmark related to all healthcare costs, and it's all weighted and then discounted with some kind of productivity factor. And so, the short answer is, it's a big, complicated equation with some variables that we will not have visibility to. So that's the short answer. We can't forecast it. I can't believe anyone from the outside world can. Secondly, what is an appropriate one and what we are advocating for is, let's not have -- let's call it winners or losers. We understand that forecasting is difficult, but let's have a reconciliation that is actually linked to actual costs. And if you get an increase and exceeds what inflation, that there could be a decrease or vice versa. So that's what we're advocating for. As you know, it is very difficult in Washington, D.C. right now on trying to get funding, but we are trying to make our case.
Lisa Clive: And maybe just touching on MedPAC's role here. I mean, they're sort of, well, the economic advisor to Medicare, but they don't have any enforcement power. And I think there's sometimes, some years, there's a big disconnect between the MedPAC recommendation and the rate, and then this year it was actually quite in line. I mean, from your perspective, do you guys even look at the MedPAC numbers? I think it seems like it should be a useful data point, but it often isn't?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. The process from MedPAC is a bit opaque to us. We try to educate and highlight what is really happening with our cost structure. And, again, in periods of stability, it happened to be, give or take, within reason, acceptable. And now the gap is widening, and it's widening compounded year-after-year. So, it's really starting to be significant.
Lisa Clive: Okay. And then last follow-up is, just given how the rate increase was. Does this change your decision on some clinic closures in any way? Because obviously that's always the worry, that if the Medicare rates get too low, you just have clinics here and there where you're on all Medicare and it just doesn't financially make sense anymore?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. There's lots of go into the decision to close the clinic, in particular, we've got to really focus on patient care and make sure that our patients are being taken care of. But it is absolutely a consideration when you look at the economics, but sort of the first filter is continuity of care. The second is, is there a convenient place for that patient can be taken care of. And then after that, you get into economic factors such as reimbursement, leases, and other things, but we are aggressively looking at our footprint, and we continue to right-size to make sure that we are thoughtful about our resource allocation and capital allocation.
Lisa Clive: Great, thanks for that.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Lisa.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next color is Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Sir, you may go ahead.
Pito Chickering : Hey, can you guys hear me now?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, Pito.
Pito Chickering : All right, sorry about that. I'm not sure happened there. Back to treatment growth here. In pre-COVID, like you're getting about 4,000 new patients a year, about two-thirds of those in the first half the year from nephrologist dropping on and obviously, the rest coming from hospitalizations and start talking to you guys. I guess, how is that tracking this year at this point relative to sort of that 4,000 times two-thirds? Is that what do you guys are seeing for new patients at this point?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. So Pito, the short answer is if you're looking at admits, we are tracking pretty much to pre-COVID levels. The challenge is excess mortality, and that remains elevated. And that's the reason that we're not yet ready to say we're going to return to pre-COVID growth levels. That said, mortality has been coming down year-after-year since COVID started. It's down Q2 versus Q1. So, if mortality continued to decline and return to pre-COVID levels, then the math you laid out of 4,000 new patients a year, we'd be back there.
Pito Chickering : Which is a perfect segue for the next question about mortality. You talked about that sort of coming down. I guess is there any way you can give us, or what is the rate of that decline. And if it follows the path you've seen in the last three quarters, is this, so what glide path would that indicate?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. That's a -- it a tough piece of analysis to do, because it hasn't necessarily been smooth quarter-to-quarter or a year-to-year. So, look, we're watching it carefully. We all know there's a minor surge going on, but I think minor is the operative word from what we've seen so far. So, we're keeping a careful eye on it, but I don't think we can draw a trend line based on the history to say when we think mortality gets back to zero. Where excess mortality gets back to zero.
Pito Chickering : Okay. Is there something they can quantify for what excess mortality was this quarter and what is there was for the last quarter?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Last quarter, it was roughly 900 lives. This quarter, it was between 500 and 600. Remember, we will sometimes update those over time. We get better views of excess mortality as time goes on. But somewhere between 500 and 600 is our best estimate for Q2.
Pito Chickering : Okay. And I definitely understand sort of the complexity of coming up with those for a variety of different reasons. For Medicare Advantage what percent of your MA patients are currently taking risk for one way or another?
Javier Rodriguez: I'd have to do the math quickly in my head. Pito, I don't want to give you a bad number, so I'm going to -- let's take that off line.
Pito Chickering : Okay. The next one here is, on managed care rate increase question that was asked earlier. I guess, are you seeing managed care do anything different in terms, not just in rate increases, but potentially trying to your patients? Like, if you've seen any behavior changes for managed care in the last 90 days or so, just, obviously you're seeing increase relation elsewhere, just curious that they're trying to control costs within other parts of the business?
Javier Rodriguez: No, we haven't seen no changes at all.
Pito Chickering : Okay. Got it. And then, so last one here. On the pace of consolidation for facilities, obviously, you guys do the lowest-hanging fruit, first. But as you see success of capturing those patients serve within other centers, do you get more aggressive about consolidation that maybe you had originally planned for about a year from now? And when this patients are consolidated, do you see an increase of local treatments at that point?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. I think we want to be really careful about being "aggressive". But we want to be really thoughtful and balanced in all the trade-off to go into closing a center. We have to remember, our patients are incredibly vulnerable. And one of the most important things is to be close to their home. And so, 90 somewhat percent of our patients are within 10 miles of their home. And that is one of the best things we can offer convenient. And we talk a lot about health equity issues and not being in the communities. We are in the communities. And so we take that pretty seriously. But as the economics constraints happen, and if we are able to accommodate our patients, we are being very thoughtful on that. And we have other obligations like leases and other thing. So there's a natural time to review a clinic to see if it's appropriate for closure.
Pito Chickering : Okay.
Javier Rodriguez: And then the second part to your question, I think, Pito.
Pito Chickering : Yes. So, I'll ask some questions in different ways. I guess, as if the patient is consolidated, do you see an increase in the utilization of home treatments? And then, the second part of the question is, to what percent of treatments today are being done in the home?
Javier Rodriguez: No, is the answer. We are not seeing any changes in whether a patient goes home or not. We continue to be a very much an advocate of home. There's a lot of dynamics and education that go into that. And we want the right modality for the right patient. But we are huge home champions. And the mix on home is roughly around 15%. A little above that, like 15.2% or so, but it's been hanging around that 15%. COVID had a big impact on home that many patients felt more comfortable in that time of insecurity to go and be taken care of by professionals. But we're starting to see a slight pick up in patient choice to go home.
Pito Chickering : Okay. And then, I think a last question for me here. Can we get an update on the Medtronic JV? I guess, so, how much sort of on to the drag is that on OI. And just as you look at it today, kind of what's the pathway to that becoming operating income neutral, and can you just refresh us sort of why that's good opportunity for you guys? Thanks so much.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. Just as a reminder, it doesn't hit our operating income. It's below the OI line. So it hits EPS. It's worth about $15 million pre-tax per quarter. That's on a non-GAAP basis. This quarter we actually had some positive gain as a result of the transaction. And we think that number will decline over the next couple of years. And we anticipated getting to breakeven in two to three years. In terms of why we like this. Look, as Javier mentioned, we're really interested in figuring out ways to help our patients get home and new technology can be part of that answer. We're looking for other ways to innovate beyond just the service and information, capabilities that we can do. And we recognize Medtronic as a world-class leader in innovation on the medical device side. And we just thought their history here combined with our knowledge would make for a great partnership, which is why we invested in Mozarc.
Pito Chickering : Perfect. And the last quickie for me. I may be missed it. Did you guys quantify what the turnover was, nurses and technicians for this quarter and how that compares versus 2019? Thanks.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you for that last question. We did not go into that level detail. I think what we can say on labor, because we've gone into so much detail in labor. In the overall category, it is playing out as expected. Some of the underlying components have shifted a bit. And so just to give a little more detail on that. Base wages are above our normal averages. Our contract labor is back in line to normal. And we continue to have elevated training. And so that's how the leverage are moving. But overall, the category is as expected.
Pito Chickering : Great. I'll stop there. Thank you guys very much. Thank you
Joel Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: And at this time I am showing no further questions, sir. We do have one more question. Andrew Mok from UBS. You may go ahead, sir.
Andrew Mok: Hi. Just a couple follow-ups on the clinic closures. You closed down 16 clinics, but opened 10 new dialysis clinics. I'm just trying to better understand what's driving the new clinics at this point given, I thought a lot of the clinic closures was a result of excess mortality. So what are you seeing in the market that's causing you to open new clinics that are -- are there any characteristics that you would call out about them whether they're home dialysis programs or anything like that? Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: In general you can imagine health care is local, and so there are areas where there are literally full clinics. There's sometimes relocations. Sometimes as you called out there might be just a home center that was needed. So there's a little of all, but as you can see the number is materially smaller as we are very focused on making sure that capacity utilization is where it needs to be and that we're capital efficient.
Andrew Mok: Got it. And on the mortality, I think you gave us the absolute number in the quarter. Can you give us a sense or how the mortality rate in general is tracking and how far off are you against pre-pandemic levels? Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: The mortality level looks, roughly a percentage or so higher than pre-pandemic. And as Joel talked about it, it's a bit cyclical and depending on the surge. There is one or sort of the front end tends to have higher mortality in the front end of the year or the back end in the year versus the middle of the year, but I think a good number is roughly one percent or give or take 2,000 patients.
Andrew Mok: Great. Thanks for all the color.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, I'm showing no further questions.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Well, thank you Michelle and thank you all for your questions. As you heard through our comments today, we've continued to drive operational efficiencies and make investments to feel our performance now and to the future years as well. Some of those seeds that we planted are beginning to sprout and some will take additional time and continued effort. We look forward to keeping you updated on our continued progress in the back half of the year. Thank you for joining the call and be well.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-08 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good evening. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you, Mr. Eliason, you may begin your conference.
Nic Eliason: Thank you, and welcome to our first quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Nic Eliason, Group Vice President of Investor Relations and joining me today are Javier Rodriguez, our CEO and Joel Ackerman, our CFO. Please note that during this call, we may make forward looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our first quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Quarter on Form 10-K, all subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other subsequent filings that we make with the SEC. Our forward looking statements are based on information currently available to us. And we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements except as may be required by law. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release furnished to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Thank you, Nic, and thank you all for joining the call today. 2023 is off to a strong start for DaVita. We entered the year with a cautious balance of optimism about our ability to execute against our plan and uncertainty about treatment volume in a challenging labor market. In the first quarter, we performed well on our key metrics and our results benefited from an improving macro environment. While some external uncertainties remain, the continuation of current trends would put us on a path to deliver strong results for the full-year. Before I get into the details about the quarter, I would like to elaborate on an area of our long-term strategy, which is to connect transitions of care through solutions for our patients across each step in the kidney care continuum. That leads me to our clinical highlight around CKD education. Periodically, we have provided updates on our community education program called Kidney Smart, raising awareness through education in the kidney care community is critical, particularly given the fact that 1 in 7 American adults have chronic kidney disease and the majority of these people are not aware. Our Kidney Smart program is designed to help those patients understand and manage their kidney health and is frequently recommended by nephrologist as a go to resource for patient education. To help remove the barriers to health equity, we've offered these classes in 10 different languages. In 2022, over 33,000 CKD patients attended the Kidney Smart class, a best ever for the 12-year history of the program. Moreover, in 2022, DaVita patients who attended Kidney Smart classes were more than twice as likely to choose a home modality in consultation with our nephrologist and care team. Transitioning to our financial performance. In the first quarter, we delivered adjusted operating income of $352 million and adjusted earnings per share of $1.58. As we discussed in prior quarters, we implemented a number of initiatives in the second half of 2022 to respond to the pressures associated with lower volumes and higher costs. These plans, combined with a strong operating rigor, translated into positive results in the quarter, and we're now seeing some of the operating metrics that impacted margin in 2022 begin to normalize. I'll start with the biggest driver of Q1 outperformance, labor. We made good progress on labor costs in the quarter, which reflected a combination of operating diligence and improvement in the overall labor environment. As we have said in the past, successful labor management requires effectively managing the interplay between wage growth, contract labor and training costs. Our operators continue to improve on the permanent staffing levels within our clinic, which has enabled us to drive further reduction in contract labor costs during Q1. We're tracking ahead of plan in our efforts to cut our full year contract labor expense in half relative to last year. The increase in permanent teammates, combined with elevated turnover, resulted in training cost in the quarter above historical norms, although below the peak we saw last summer. This is in line with our expectation, and we anticipate improvement in our training productivity in the back half of the year. This will largely depend on successful teammate retention which has historically tracked closely with the health of the broader labor market. Moving on to treatment volume. Quarter-over-quarter treatments per day were up approximately 1% and better than the middle of our expected range. This was driven by net census gains due to both higher admit and lower mortality. Because of the annualization of excess mortality from 2022, we still anticipate a reduction in overall treatment volume on a year-over-year basis and we continue to assume excess mortality over the balance of this year. That said, we're encouraged by our first quarter volume results. What we saw in Q1 proves to be a trend, we would expect to finish the year in the top half of our volume forecast range of down 3% to flat relative to 2022. Transitioning to a couple of strategic topics. On April 1, DaVita and Medtronic announced the launch of Mozarc Medical, a new independent device company focused exclusively on innovative kidney health technologies. Mozarc current products and its R&D pipeline ranging from kidney access technologies to advanced home dialysis and acute therapies are intended to improve the overall patient experience and increase access to home-based care. This investment reaffirms our commitment to realizing scale transformation in kidney care and allow us to fuel innovation in partnership with Medtronic, a global leader in healthcare technology. And finally note on integrated kidney care or IKC, We continue to make progress consistent with our business plan and demonstrate that our model of care is improving the health and well-being of our patients. I will highlight two examples of this. First, across our IKC program, more than half of our patients achieve an optimal start, which means the patient initiates dialysis treatment at home or appropriate vascular access in place. Optimal starts reduce costly and difficult hospitalizations and on average lead to a reduction in the continuing cost of care in the month and year that follow. Second, recent data continues to show an encouraging differentiation in hospitalization rates from patients in our IKC program versus our overall patient population. As we continue to scale our IKC business, which is measured by the total dollars of medical spend in our program, we will continue to focus on driving our net saving rate while pursuing a cost efficient model of care. In summary, looking across our most important operating metrics, we're seeing progress at a faster rate than assumed in our initial forecast. Therefore, we are revising our adjusted operating income range of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion to a range of $1.475 billion to $1.625 billion and revising our adjusted earnings per share range of $5.45 to $6.95 to a range of $6.20 to $7.30. Aside from the COVID disruption in the labor market, other important factors for the remaining of the year include continued progress against our cost saving initiatives, which Joe will elaborate on and, of course, our continued effort to restore patient benefit protection to our advocacy efforts. I will now turn it over to Joe to discuss our financial performance and outlook in more detail.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. I'll start with some additional commentary on first quarter results and then I'll add detail on our expectations for the remainder of the year. As Javier said, Q1 adjusted operating income was $352 million, adjusted EPS was $1.58 and free cash flow was $265 million. Overall, the results were at the high end of the range of our expectations for the quarter, driven roughly equally by three things; first, strong operating performance in the U.S. dialysis business; second, timing of certain items in our IKC results; and third, some normal positive variability in a couple of cost items that we are not forecasting to recur in the rest of the year. With that, let me provide some additional detail. First, U.S. dialysis treatments per day were up almost 1% in Q1 compared to Q4. As Javier mentioned, this was due to higher patient census. Mistreatment rates remained elevated compared to pre-COVID levels and were consistent with our expectations. Revenue per treatment was down $0.16 quarter-over-quarter, driven by normal seasonal impact of high patient responsibility offset by annual increases in Medicare fee for services rates that begin in January, growth of MA and seasonal increases in acute treatment. On a non-GAAP basis, patient care cost per treatment decreased by $1.18 sequentially. The biggest drivers of the change were pharmaceutical cost savings from anemia management transition to Mircera, reductions in our contract labor spend and positive variability in health benefits and insurance costs. These were offset by higher compensation costs and two fewer treatment days in the quarter. On a non-GAAP basis, G&A expenses were down $24 million quarter-over-quarter largely due to normal variability in our G&A spend. IKC's adjusted OI for the quarter was approximately the same as Q4 and better than expected. The quarterly IKC results benefited from revenue that was forecasted to hit later in the year and the deferral of certain expense items that we expect will be recognized in Q3 and Q4. Excluding these items, IKC results were in line with our expectations. International adjusted operating income was up $12 million relative to Q4, driven roughly equally by foreign exchange and acquisition related expenses in Brazil during Q4. Looking at our capital structure, we ended the quarter with a leverage range of approximately 3.9 times EBITDA. We did not buy back any shares during the quarter as our focus continues to be to get back to our target leverage ratio of 3 to 3.5 times EBITDA. In the last week of April, we closed on a successful $2.75 billion refinancing of our revolving credit facility and term loan A despite a challenging capital markets environment. Looking forward, we still expect interest expense of $100 million to $110 million per quarter for the rest of the year. The April first launch of Mozarc Medical, our partnership with Medtronic will result in approximately $20 million of pre-tax losses below the OI line in Q2. This is less than previously shared due to timing shift of certain stand up costs. In the back half of the year, we still anticipate $15 million of negative impact on other income per quarter and as we shared previously, we expect Mozarc's OI to trend towards breakeven in approximately the next three years. Regarding the savings initiatives we've talked about in the past, we're on-track to realize year-over-year savings within the range of $125 million to $175 million consistent with prior expectations. This is primarily driven by a reduction in pharmaceutical cost and our ongoing facility consolidation. During Q1, we initiated our conversion to Mircera, which will continue to roll out over the remainder of the year. Additionally, in Q1, we consolidated 20 centers and currently anticipate consolidating another 40 to 50 centers over the remainder of the year. We continue to achieve high patient and teammate retention rates related to these shifts as the majority of patients at consolidated centers have transitioned to nearby DaVita facilities. That concludes my prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. You may go ahead, sir.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Appreciate all the color. Joel, maybe you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing. You talked about higher turnover and lower temp labor costs. What's going on with turnover there? What are you expecting for the rest of the year? And how are labor cost tracking versus kind of the headwind that you had laid out for us? And then maybe given the upside in the quarter, what are you projecting for the rest of the year relative to Q1? And if you do hit these numbers, when do you think you get back to kind of your target leverage ratio and therefore the potential of buyback shares? Thanks.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Okay. Well, there's a lot in there. So let me just pull up for a second and then Joel can answer some of your follow-up questions. Justin, this is Javier. First, on labor, we started to give a little more color when we had more volatility in some of the underlying metrics, but I think it's a good time right now to pull up as you ask, which is a bigger number, but just so we're clear on all of the metrics. When you talk about SWBs, you take into account wages, productivity, benefits, training and contract labor. Within wages, there's obviously you can double click on that. You've got over time shift differential and other things. But let's stay with those five. In the third quarter of 2022, we had a spike in training and contract labor that we called out because they were outliers to our historical numbers. But then as we fast forward to today, we worry that people aren't fast enough with the math to calculate the interplay between the five. So let me see if I get to your number and if not, you can follow-up a question. So from 2018 to 2022, we had a CAGR of roughly 2% in SWBs. In 2022, which of course had that outlier that we were just talking about, that number went to roughly 8% growth. And in 2023 over 2022, we expect that number that incorporates all those variables to be more in the 4% to 5% growth. So does that answer the question on labor or do you want to ask a follow-up on that?
Justin Lake: Yeah. Just mostly on labor, what I'm trying to figure out is versus that 4% to 5%, if you continue at this pace, where do you think you end up?
Joel Ackerman: I'd say, Justin, we're thinking we're about $25 million ahead of where we thought we would be on the total labor cost. So if you think of our guide increase at the middle of the range of $50 million, I'd say half of that is labor and half of that is volume. And that's how I get to $25 million.
Justin Lake: And is that just for the first quarter, Joel? And I'm kind of trying to think about like if this continues, does that mean you're 100 better?
Joel Ackerman: Well, in the labor line itself, there were some items that we don't think will recur. They were good guys in lines like benefits in workers' comp that I'd strip out as you think about annualizing things. So the $25 million would be a full-year number. In terms of where we need to go from here, we're expecting continued wage pressure as the year presses on. There will be a little bit of improvement in contract labor, but we've seen most of the improvement in contract labor that we're likely to see because it just happened faster than we thought. And on the productivity side, we haven't seen much. We're off the peak that we saw in the middle of last year, but we're still well above pre-COVID levels. And what we're currently building in is some progress in the back half of the year, but ending the year still above pre-COVID levels. And that's really driven largely by the turnover that we're seeing.
Justin Lake: That's helpful. I'll take the rest of my questions offline, Joel. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. You may go ahead, sir.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is actually [Nibiya Gutierrez] (ph) on for Kevin. Thanks for taking the question. I have just another quick question on labor. You said you expect continued wage pressure in the year? What are you assuming for wage inflation this year? And how does it compare to last year and pre-COVID levels? Thanks.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yes. I think it was really answered a little bit with Justin. So let me make sure we're asking the same thing. So we just basically said that if you take all of the variables into account that we think that SWBs will be 4% to 5% higher, 2023 over 2022. Does that answer your question?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Thank you. And that's all. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Andrew Mok with UBS. You may go ahead, sir. Hi.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Thomas on for [Andrew] (ph). Thanks for taking the question. Could you walk us through the underlying drivers of the treatment growth beat in the quarter as well as provide an update on how mistreatment rates are tracking sequentially? Thanks.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Sure. Thanks for the question. So I like to use the treatment per day number and you'll see that that number is up about 90 bps quarter-over-quarter. That is largely driven by census increases and that's the result of admissions increases in Q1 offset by continued excess mortality, which is way down relative to prior years, but remains higher than it was pre-COVID. In terms of mistreatment rates, it continues to trend well above the pre-COVID number. It can move around from one quarter to the next. There's a lot of seasonality and other impacts in it, but we are still seeing it running roughly 100 basis points higher than what we saw pre-COVID.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. That's helpful. And a quick follow-up. I wanted to ask about the ESA switch to Mircera. Specifically, are there any KPIs you can share to track the transition? And do you have any update on the cadence of the rollout? Thanks.
Javier J. Rodriguez: We do not have any disclosures on it. All I can tell you is that the rollout is going as well as we expected and that from a clinical perspective, we are seeing the results that we wanted. So it's going as planned.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks again.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next caller is Pito Chickering from Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead.
Pito Chickering: Good afternoon guys. So a follow-up here on Justin's question, on the $50 million operating income raise, you said half of the labor and half of better volumes. You added almost 60% new lives into IKC. I guess any changes on how that is tracking versus your previous guidance And then on the guidance raise, can you walk us through what $50 million of operating income is transitioning in $100 million of free cash flow? Is that just working capital or anything else in there?
Javier J. Rodriguez: Let me take the first part of that and Joel can take the second part of that. On IKC, as you can imagine, it is a growing business and while we're making really good progress, it is clearly in the investment phase of the business. And so there is no change what we see the full year, we had a bit of timing in there. So the number looks a little better on a quarter-to-date than it will on an annualized basis, we're still on target to what we've said.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, Pito, on the free cash flow as you pointed out, obviously, an increase in OI helps that. The other two things are one cash taxes are trending better than we expected. And the second is working capital. You see the DSOs were down considerably. So, we think we'll get a bit of a tailwind to that as well for the year.
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then just on IKC for a second, realizing that when you add on 50%, almost 60% new lives, that's going to be sort of a drag as you guys think about those coming online. But any sort of color and sort of how the medical trust trends are tracking for your people that you had come into the year. I mean, we've seen spikes of utilization in other areas of healthcare, just curious kind of how that class of 2022 was tracking during the first quarter?
Joel Ackerman: Yes, as you said, we agree. It's a little hard to say because we have so much noise and volatility because of COVID. And so there's not a lot to report what we're seeing is that the savings are coming in line to where we expect the model of care is a little less efficient than we want. We need to build more scale and we need to standardize a whole bunch of these things that right now are manual. So we're still work in progress. We're going a lot of things that we want to be and we're still expecting to be breakeven in 2026.
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then so one last question here which won't shock you looking at the net growth sort of flat year-over-year definitely a lot better, sort of trending than we've seen sort of in the last several quarters, specs we're talking about sort of similar normalization of utilization. I guess any color you can give us on how many patients you guys added this quarter? How did that sort of track versus say 2022 versus pre-COVID? And then any more color you can give us on where mortality is tracking on current patient base today?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So let me walk you through some numbers, Pito, here. So the net census growth in Q1 was about 1,350 patients. If you compare that to what it was in Q1 of 2022 that was negative almost 500 patients. So an almost 2,000 patients swing, most of that is explained by the change in excess mortality although some of it is also the result of a better admit quarter this quarter than we saw last year. So on both the mortality side and the admit side, we saw progress.
Pito Chickering: So on the admin side, I guess, can you give us a color of sort of the 1Q 2023 new ads and how that was, say 1Q 2019 just some comparison on a pre-COVID?
Joel Ackerman: If you were to look at this excluding excess mortality, I don't have the numbers in front of me, but I can tell you it was definitely higher this quarter than it was Q1 of 2019. That said, I would be cautious before we start extrapolating this out. This is one quarter of data, this metric historically has been variable quarter-to-quarter and I'd want to wait to see what happens for a few more months before we're ready to really declare a trend here.
Pito Chickering: So just a last question on that one. So sorry to sort of keep going there, but you're looking at the U.S. RDS data, we go back for many years, the incidence rate of end stage renal disease has been fairly consistent for, I mean, nearly a decade. Are all signs you're seeing that we are returning to normalization of incidents rates and it's just too soon to lead to call it at this point?
Javier J. Rodriguez: It's a little too early to call it. We've been studying and evaluating all different data sources and we're not ready to draw any conclusions. But there's a lot of movement upstream on the CKD population in particular with COVID. And so we will look because as you know there's some things that are making progression slower. On the other hand, there's things that are expanding life expectancy. And so our math is not leading to any conclusion at this point.
Pito Chickering: And then last piece here, I promise I will stop here at least for now is on mortality, I guess, any color on sort of where the normal mortality was in excess mortality and sort of how we should think about both of those continuing in the back half of the year? And I'll stop there.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yes. So excess mortality was about 900 patients in the quarter. We have brought down slightly our expectations of excess mortality for the balance of the year but we're still looking at a number somewhere between 2,500 and 3000 patients. In terms of what's built into the middle of our guidance range.
Pito Chickering: Great. I'll stop there.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Gary Taylor with Cowen. You may go ahead, sir.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good evening. I think just two quick numbers, once for me, Joel, you had mentioned or at least in the release, some favorable items in G&A, including advocacy refund. Just wondering if you could size that for us? And then on IKC, I know there's a ton of moving parts there, but I'm just trying to sort of foot how the revenue was down $4 million sequentially from 4Q, but you said you had better than -- or some early revenue there and some delayed expense. So just trying to sort of foot down, but still including some early revenue recognition?
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So, $6 million is the ballot number you're looking for. In terms of IKC, we saw about $20 million roughly half in the revenue line, half in the expense line that we were expecting, we were just expecting it later in the year. In terms of the timing of the revenue, we generally view IKC revenue to be back half of the year loaded. As you think about the claims lags filling up or maturing and then ultimately the calculations on shared savings being done, that usually happens in the back half of the year and that's when we'll recognize the shared savings dollars. That's why you see the decline from Q4 with still call it a positive timing surprise.
Gary Taylor: Got it. Perfect. Thank you.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Thank you, Gary.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead, sir.
Pito Chickering: Alright, sorry, guys. I just had a couple of things I wanted to come back to you on. So ready for treatment sort of flattish sequentially primarily due to sort of seasonal copays. Just curious -- two questions, I guess, what are you seeing from managed care on cost limiting updates? And then how should we think about revenue per treatment sort of going for the rest of the year?
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yes. Thanks, Pito. A couple of things. We're not seeing anything to report on from the managed care negotiations and just to refresh you, we've talked about our contractor multi-year in any given year, we negotiated roughly about 20% or so of our portfolio and we're not seeing anything different in this year. What we've talked about in Q4 last year is that we said we would get a revenue per treatment increase year-over-year from 2% to 2.5%, 2023 over 2022.
Pito Chickering: Okay, great. And then, so on efficiencies from closing centers. You had sort of closed 20 this quarter. You talked about consolidating another 40 to 50 centers. I guess how much sort of savings do you think you're going to realize in 2023 from those center consolidations just solely on that line? And how much of that then should trend through for 2024?
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yes. So we haven't quantified the number. We've always said it will be part of the $125 million to $175 million but not the biggest piece. The biggest piece of that is Mircera. We'll get -- so that'll be in 2023. There'll still be some amount that will rollover into 2024, but we'll get most of it in 2023.
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then sort of last one here for me. What  I may have missed it, but what was the contract labor dollars this quarter? What are you seeing for the rest of the year? And then any color on what you're hiring was and net hiring was in the first quarter?
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yes. So I think what we said was that in the year, last year, remember contract labor was running around hundred million and we said for the year this year, we'd be half of that and now today we move that -- we are moving better -- at a better pace. So that number will be more like $35 million. But again, I would point you to the beginning of the conversation where we said the most important part is the interplay between all the variability of all those metrics because, of course, training productivity wages, benefits and contract labor are all intertwined, but that's the number.
Pito Chickering: And I guess the second part is just can you quantify for us the number of hires you had in quarter and what the net hires was after turnover? And how that should trend throughout the year? Because you mentioned about lower trading costs as this batch sort of comes online just how youre thinking - quantify the first.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yes. So here's the way I'd think about the training cost. They peaked last year as a result really of two things, higher turnover combined with the need for us to net add staff and those combined to a high training level. As we sit here today, the turnover remains elevated. It's gotten better on with some class of late birth than others. But it still remains elevated. So we're expecting continued high training levels until that comes down. We're modeling the back half of the year but we are much closer or at fully staffed. So some of the training associated with getting the staffing levels back up is now done and that will mitigate some of the training costs relative to the peak we saw in Q3 last year.
Pito Chickering: So, when you talk about sort of the 4% to 5% increase in SMB, I guess, how much of that is sort of more of a one -- it comes from the training costs that are embedded within the guidance that should roll off as you think about 2024?
Javier J. Rodriguez: Not a lot. The change in contract labor is a much bigger tailwind relative to 2022 in the training productivity. And that's -- it's partly because we're not going to see the training productivity improve till the back half of the year. It's also partly because in the beginning of 2022, training productivity was still low. So we saw the spike in Q3, but that was only one quarter.
Pito Chickering: Okay, great. Thanks so much, guys. I appreciate it.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Thank you, Pito.
Operator: And at this time, I am showing no further questions.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Thank you, Michelle, and thank you all for the questions. As I hope you've heard today, we have some positive momentum to start the year that the results of Q1 proved to be sustainable trend. We're excited about the implications for our patients, our teammates, and our financial performance in 2023 and beyond. Thank you all for joining the call and be well.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. Mr. Lien, you may begin your conference.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thank you, and welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Nicolaisen, Group Vice President of Investor Relations. And joining me today are Javier Rodriguez, our CEO; and Joel Ackerman, our CFO. Please note that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our fourth quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, all subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other subsequent filings that we may make with the SEC. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements, except as may be required by law. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release furnished to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Nick, and thank you all for joining the call today. We start 2023 with a mix of optimism and uncertainty about the year ahead and with continued conviction in our long-term capabilities and strategy. We're grateful for getting through the winter without a surge of COVID-related mortality and like a bunch of society, wondering whether the worst of the COVID pandemic is finally behind it. I'm encouraged by the progress we've made in the recent months to improve that, which is within our control, while we continue to invest in our future. That said, we're cautious in our optimism today because we're still experiencing the impact on volume and labor. For today, I'll spend a few minutes on fourth quarter results and then focus on the future with a summary of our 2023 strategic priorities and then end with our 2023 outlook. Before I dive into these topics, I'll start, as I always do, with a clinical highlight. Our most impactful clinical initiatives are those that directly improve the quality of life and vitality of our patients. There are many measures serving that important purpose. And today, I'll take a moment to recognize the successful efforts to decrease infection rates amongst our vulnerable patient population. One way we measure success is by tracking bloodstream infection, and I'm proud to share that we achieved an all-time low blood stream infection rate for our patients as of the third quarter last year. This reflects a 20% improvement within the last year alone. These results represent just one of many efforts we have undertaken to reduce hospitalizations and mortality, which is a tremendous gift for our patients and their family. I will now pivot to our results. Our full year 2022 adjusted operating income came in at the top end of our revised guidance at $1.45 billion. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations for the full year 2022 was $6.60 and we generated $817 million of free cash flow. The primary driver of our fourth quarter performance coming in at the high end of our range was improvement in labor cost. The labor environment continues to be challenging across many dimensions with fourth quarter was certainly better than third quarter. One particular highlight, our focus on reducing contract labor produced results earlier than expected. We still expect contract labor will be higher than pre-COVID levels in 2023 by $20 million to $40 million, but that will be a significant improvement to 2022. We continue to make progress in hiring teammates during the quarter as we work to stabilize center staffing levels and increased retention. Of note, this increase in labor capacity will continue to drive higher than typical training and onboarding costs in 2023 until retention normalizes to historical levels. We continue to expect wage pressure above historical norms in 2023 but anticipate wage growth at levels below 2022. Despite early optimism for improvement in 2023, the labor markets remain highly dynamic and will remain a key swing factor in our performance. Our fourth quarter results give us increased confidence in achieving the improvements we discussed last quarter. On to volume, overall results for Q4 were in line with our guidance from last quarter. COVID infection and mortality rates in December and January were lower than in prior years, which is a welcome relief for our patients and our caregivers. Because the winter surge has historically occurred late in December, the lack of a surge did not result in material improvement in our treatment volumes in Q4 relative to our expectations, but has reduced our expectations for total access mortality in 2023 by approximately 1,000 patients as compared to our expectations in the range provided last quarter. Last quarter, we also highlighted that patient admissions and missed treatment rates is a key variable to our volume. We continue to see pressure on both of the metrics, but at the levels in line with our most recent expectations. For 2023, we continue to use a wide range of possible volume outcomes in our guidance given the uncertainty of the virus. We have shifted the range up to account for the lack of a meaningful winter surge so far but have not fully discounted the possibility of a COVID surge later in the year. Our 2023 volume guidance includes a treatment range of down 3% to flat relative to 2022. All else equal, the lack of a COVID event over the remainder of the year would move us towards the better end of our volume range. Looking forward to 2023, we kicked off the year with a robust and exciting set of priorities. We remain resolute in our commitment to pursue strategic goals that create a strong future for our patients and our company. I will highlight 5 of these priorities today, beginning with innovation. First, we're approaching a key milestone in our journey towards digital modernization. After years of development, this year, we're deploying our next-generation clinical IT platform. This new cloud-based system is designed to provide seamless access to patient records across locations, supporting integrated kidney care and enhancing data reporting and analytics. Rollout is well underway, and we expect the system will be alive in our centers across the country in 2023. This platform will provide a superior experience for our teammates and physician partners while enhancing clinical care for our patients. Second, on policy, the Kidney Care community remains active working with CMMI to enhance innovative model that improve care coordination and advanced initiatives around transplant, home and Health Equity. At the same time, we're advocating for an update to the industry bundle payment system to better reflect year-over-year cost increases. And finally, we continue working with the broader kidney community to restore benefit protection for our patients through legislative and regulatory efforts. Third, operationally, we remain committed to educating our patient and our position to increase adoption of home modalities were clinically appropriate. In support of our over 1,700 existing home programs, we are launching transitional care programs across the country to educate new dialysis patients on their modality options. We're also working toward a full integration of our technology platform to create a holistic informational ecosystem for better home patient management. Fourth, our Integrated Kidney Care business is expected to deliver another year of significant patient growth. With the benefit of increased scale, it will be an important year for us to continue building on our capabilities for IKC to achieve its purpose of driving better outcomes for our patients, better collaborations with physicians and an economic alignment with our payer partners, particularly within the growing Medicare Advantage segment. And finally, to fuel these initiatives, we're maintaining a disciplined approach with our cost structure. For example, this includes our ongoing transition on the ESA therapy and the ongoing consolidation of our facilities footprint to align capacity with treatment volumes. This discipline is particularly important in the context of Medicare fee-for-service rates, which, as you know, have not kept pace with our increasing patient care costs. As you can see, 2023 will be a dynamic year across many of these efforts, and we remain firmly focused on the key operating drivers I previously mentioned. Now shifting out to outlook. For 2023, we're initiating guidance for adjusted operating income of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $5.45 to $6.95. This reflects our latest views on continued with moderating labor headwinds over the balance of the year persisting volume pressures offset by the positive impact of avoiding a winter surge and the benefit of the cost-saving initiatives we have previously outlined. Looking longer term, if we continue to see diminished impact from COVID and moderating the labor pressure, we would expect to return to a more normal adjusted OI growth trajectory of 3% to 7%. I will now turn it over to Joel to discuss our financial performance and our outlook in more detail.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. Let me first share a few more details on Q4 performance and then I'll add some color on 2023 guidance. For Q4, we delivered $317 million of adjusted operating income and $1.11 of adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations, which resulted in the full year coming in right at the top of the updated guidance range we provided last quarter. For the U.S. dialysis segment, treatments per day were down 1.3% compared to the third quarter in line with our expectations. This was the result of lower patient count due to excess mortality and a higher seasonal missed treatment rate. Adjusted patient care cost per treatment was up $1.78 sequentially. There were 3 primary drivers of this increase: seasonal flu expense, year-end benefits and lower fixed cost leverage because of the decline in treatment volume. These were offset by lower contract labor costs in the quarter. Adjusted G&A was down $24 million quarter-over-quarter. This decrease was primarily driven by the $28 million of California ballot initiative expense in Q3. Turning to our other segments. For our IKC business, operating income was roughly flat quarter-over-quarter. International adjusted operating income decreased $15 million quarter-over-quarter. This is primarily driven by $7 million in foreign exchange headwinds and an expense related to acquisitions in Brazil. This acquisition expense has an offsetting decrease in taxes so there's no net impact on the P&L. During Q4, we did not repurchase any shares. As we communicated on the Q3 call, our primary deployment of the excess capital will be to pay down debt to return to our target leverage ratio of 3x to 3.5x EBITDA. Turning to 2023. Let me add some more detail on our guidance. Our 2023 adjusted operating income guidance is $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. Compared to our comments on the Q3 call about our expectations for 2023, the only significant update to our expectations is higher treatment volume due to the lack of a winter COVID surge. To give some more color, let me run through our latest expectations on the 3 drivers of the U.S. dialysis business in 2023. First, we expect the year-over-year change in treatment volume to be between 0 and negative 3% due primarily to the annualization of excess mortality in 2022 and continued excess mortality through 2023. Second, we anticipate revenue per treatment will increase approximately 2% to 2.5% year-over-year, driven roughly 2/3 by rate increases and 1/3 by higher Medicare Advantage and commercial mix. And third, we expect patient care cost per treatment to increase approximately 2% to 2.5% driven by wage rate growth and inflationary pressures, partially offset by savings from our new anemia contract and other cost-saving initiatives. A few additional things to help your thinking about 2023, each of which is incorporated in our guidance. Year-over-year adjusted operating income is benefited by approximately $50 million due to the absence of the ballot initiative spend in 2023. Regarding timing of adjusted operating income in 2023, we expect Q1 adjusted OI to be approximately $75 million to $100 million lower than the average of Q2 to Q4 due to typical seasonal factors impacting among other things: RPT, treatment days per quarter and labor. Regarding our previously disclosed agreement with Medtronic, we anticipate the transaction will close in the first half of this year. Our initial cash investment will be approximately $300 million at closing. On the P&L, we expect approximately $60 million of pretax losses below OI in 2023, which assumes approximately $30 million in the second quarter and $15 million per quarter over the remainder of the year. The EPS impact of this will be approximately $0.47 in 2023. For IKC, we expect OI to be flat to slightly down in 2023 relative to 2022. This is driven by additional growth expenses, offset partially by increased shared savings. Our interest expense assumption for the year is $405 million to $425 million. For income tax, we anticipate an effective rate of 25% to 27%. On cash flow, we expect free cash flow from continuing operations of $650 million to $900 million. And finally, we anticipate our leverage ratio at the end of 2023 to be in the range of 3.6x to 3.9x 2023 EBITDA. That concludes our prepared comments for today. Operator, please open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first caller is Andrew Mok with UBS.
Andrew Mok: To start, you delivered the high end of the revised guide this quarter, but you're leaving the OI growth for 2023 unchanged. And so can you help us understand those dynamics a bit better? Because it sounds like labor costs and volumes are both trending better, which would presumably lead to a better OI outlook for 2023?
Joel Ackerman: Yes, Andrew, I'll take that one. So I'd say relative to the guidance we gave on the Q3 call, we've really learned 2 things. One is, as you highlighted, the quarter came out at the high end of our range, largely as a result of labor. And the second is we didn't have a winter surge. As we looked at guidance for the year, we incorporated the volume improvement from no winter surge. We looked at the labor dynamic and ultimately, we concluded to leave our labor guidance for 2023 unchanged, really for 2 reasons. One, we did see improvement in Q4, but some of that was improvement that we really anticipated in the front half of 2023. It just came in earlier than expected. So you wouldn't expect that to change '23. The second is we're in a really dynamic labor environment. And given all the moving pieces we ultimately concluded 1 quarter's worth of outperformance wasn't enough yet for us to change our views. So for that reason, we kept labor where it is and the improvement in the guide for next year is really the result of better volume because of no COVID surge in the winter.
Andrew Mok: Got it. Do you have the number for contract labor costs in the quarter?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Contract labor costs in Q4 was down about $14 million relative to Q3.
Andrew Mok: Okay. And then in the prepared remarks, you noted that you would expect to return to a more normal OI trajectory of 3% to 7% if COVID normalizes. Can you help us understand what level of visibility you have into incidence rates for new patients to drive the confidence in that restored growth rate should COVID normalize?
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. I'll grab that one. In essence, when we think of growth, we think of it in 2 categories. One is what's within our control and the other is the macro factors. Within our control, as we said, in the fourth quarter, we've made some progress, and we will continue to make progress on being staffed and ready to accept new patients. On the macro, which is sort of the question that many are asking, what is upstream new patient looking like, there are some questions that we still can't quantify. Some variables that we still can't quantify. That said, there is nothing we've seen that leads us to conclude that there is a permanent change to new starts. And so the best assumption at this juncture is to assume that after COVID plays out, that admits would revert to the roughly 2% that we experienced historically.
Andrew Mok: Got it. And just a follow-up. I wanted to ask about the ESA switch from EPOGEN to Mircera what sort of cadence are you expecting with respect to transitioning patients? What have you done so far? And when do you expect that transition to be complete?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. The cadence is obviously done very carefully with the coordination of all the physicians making their own independent decisions as to what's right for each patient. It will roll out throughout the year, and we should be done by the end of 2023.
Operator: Our next caller is Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank.
Philip Chickering: Sticking with the incidence for a few minutes. It's pretty delayed, but looking at the U.S. incident count the first half of 2022 is down sort of 5% versus '21. I guess, can you guys help quantify sort of what your new adds were sort of quarterly throughout 2022? You guys sort of assume that to be in 2023?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So our admission rate in 2022 was lower than what we've seen prior to COVID-19. We called that out. And I think that's really one of the big drivers of why what I'd call organic volume or organic growth is down. That's been persistent. It's kind of picked up through the back half of the year, and we haven't seen it come down, which is why our guide for 2023 continues basically to track what we saw in 2022. We haven't built in any material improvement to that. That said, as Javier noted, we expect that to revert back to what we saw pre-COVID once the direct and indirect impacts of COVID are done.
Philip Chickering: Okay. So looking at the press release, you had added about 1,200 patients sequentially. I guess, you actually can't quantify for us the 6,000, 3,000 ads with the delta being sort of mortality. I mean, just any color just sort of you can quantify what the new ads were in the fourth quarter?
Joel Ackerman: We haven't historically reported a new ads number, and I'm hesitant to give it now. I think there'll be a bunch of different ways to calculate it. So I'm not sure I have a good answer for that number. That said, look, it is -- it continues to be depressed. We saw that in Q4. There is seasonality in that number. It tends to pick up in the front half of the year. And so obviously, we're going to be looking for that in the front half of 2023.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, if you were going to use really high-level math, and I'm just trying to help get the direction going and you say, we guide it to negative 3 to 0, but I would give you a midpoint of negative 1.5. And if you just do the math of the excess mortality starting off in 2023, that's a sort of a negative 2. There's other variables going into it, but that would get you to a plus 50 basis points for new ad mets, give or take. And there's other dynamics, but that gives you direction.
Philip Chickering: Okay, which actually is a segue in, I mean, I guess prior to COVID, 2018, you saw a sort of generally about a 17% sort of mortality rate gets you to just under sort of 6 years or on average. And during 2020, it was 20-plus percent mortality rates sort of sub-5 years. I guess as you're looking at the fourth quarter, are we seeing sort of mortality rates sort of go back to previous levels? There's expectation at 1 point that it would be extended. Just from a pull forward due to customer tell COVID in 2021 seeing if that number is starting to extend back again.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. So if you just look at the numbers just to make sure because there's new people to the story is in 2020, we announced like roughly 6,800-or-so excess mortality, and we're guiding roughly to 3,000 in 2023. So it is coming down quite aggressively. And I think, again, we don't have visibility exactly as to when that would revert. But as COVID unwinds, it looks like it would -- it should go with the visibility we have back to normal.
Joel Ackerman: And Pito, just to add to that, to help you with your modeling, the excess mortality number in Q4 based on what we know now, and these numbers get updated as the data catches up, was roughly 900. You want to compare that to Q4 of 2021, that number was somewhere around 1,500. So Q4 over Q4, the numbers come down significantly. And we would expect similarly Q1 '23 over Q1 '22 because of the lack of the surge.
Philip Chickering: Okay. One quick follow-up. Can you sort of talk about the nurse turnover. Has that sort of stabilized at this point? And then on the contract labor, what was contract labor running sort of in 2019? Just as we think about this normalizing out kind of where we are to expand your contract labor in pre-COVID?
Javier Rodriguez: Pre-COVID was roughly a little below $20 million. When we got to a high, we got to roughly $100 million last year. And what we've told you is that we would run roughly $20 million to $30 million higher in 2023. So that would put you right around $50 million or so. So trying to get halfway through, if you will.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next caller is Gary Taylor with Cowen.
Gary Taylor: A couple of quick questions. Going back to Integrated Kidney Care. 42,000 full risk patients. What is the guidance or what's built in for 2023? How much patient growth?
Joel Ackerman: I'd say 50% is a good number to use there, Gary.
Gary Taylor: So I mean 50% patient growth and then you're saying the loss is going to be fairly similar to slightly better than that 1 25, right?
Joel Ackerman: I think the way to think about that rough numbers is a $50 million improvement in shared savings revenue and that's really driven by the shared savings in 2023 that we get for patients that we were at risk for in 2022, and that's offset by roughly $50 million of costs associated with that growth that we're going to see in 2023.
Gary Taylor: That makes sense. And I think I understand the accounting you do for that, but the $378 million of revenue you booked this year for that segment, you've got about $3.5 billion of spend. I know that's not all ratable necessarily. But that implies like your net savings that's going into our revenue numbers, like 11% of the spend. Is that the right way to think about the results you're achieving so far?
Joel Ackerman: I think it's tough to do that calculation. The $377 million of revenue in '22 really comes in 2 buckets. $300 million of it is from the SNPs, which is what I'll call gross revenue, think of it as accounting similar to a health plans accounting where the full medical cost comes through revenue. And then the other $76 million is shared savings revenue where we only book the actual shared savings amount. We don't book the full cost of the medical amount. And I think if you really wanted to look at a number, you take the, call it, the gross margin associated with that $377 million. It's not -- that's not an accounting gross margin. This is kind of a financial calculation we would do. It wouldn't comply with GAAP. And you divide that number, which is, call it, $100 million by the prior year medical spend or the dollars under management from the prior year because that shared savings revenue is associated with the prior year, and that ratio would get you what I'd call a net savings number.
Gary Taylor: Got it. Following that. Appreciate it. Last one. Javier, you talked about...
Joel Ackerman: Gary, I'm sorry, just a quick correction. I think you said that '23 would be flat to slightly better than '22, and I agreed with that. What I said in the prepared remarks, it would be flat to slightly worse. So I just wanted to clean that up.
Gary Taylor: Okay. I just want to go to Marietta for a second, Javier, I mean, Fresenius is talking about having a lot of confidence in regulatory or legislative and you suggest that you're still active there. I guess, is there anything else you can share on where you think that relief is more likely to come, CMS making a regulatory language change or the legislation that was introduced last year. And then in the last part of it would just be any evidence at all any of the regional TPAs are doing anything with this yet? It sounds like not, given your commercial mix guide for '23, but I just want to see.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Thanks for the question, Gary. Won't speculate as to how it will come or if or when it will come. But we continue to work very diligently with the kidney community and disability groups to restore our protection for our patients. As it relates to what are we seeing, we have not seen any significant uptick, but we wouldn't expect it given the time of the year we're in because there's a lag in claims and payment. So right now, it's going as expected. But one of the things that we're working with the congressional champions is that they've asked that we produce examples because they're very interested in protecting patients. So that's all we have at this juncture.
Operator: And our next caller is Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Austin on for Justin. Appreciate the question here. Joe, I guess I wanted to start real quick just on sort of the leverage outlook in that 3.6 to 3.9 that you were speaking to. And just kind of curious what sort of needs to happen to reach both ends of that range? And then off of that on the share repo thinking, is there any timing or outlook embedded in the '23 guidance when that might resume? Or like alternatively, what do you guys kind of need to see on the debt side to start to reserve resume the repurchase activity?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So we have not built any share repurchases into our guidance for next year. We just think that's the prudent way to model things out. The range is largely driven by the range in OI, which translates into a range in EBITDA. So that's what drives the range there. In terms of what we need to see, look, we need to see a very clear path to getting back into the range before we shift our capital allocation priorities back to share repurchases.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. And then on the follow-up kind of on the clinic closures, you guys did 44 last quarter, 58 this quarter. I guess we think ahead to '23, is there kind of like a point-in-time number that you guys are kind of targeting in terms of further clinic consolidation. And then off of that, just kind of an update on how the patient retention is tracking off of that.
Javier Rodriguez: We don't have a target per se. As you can imagine, it's a process that we take incredibly seriously to make sure that patients are taken care of and that the community is taken care of and we evaluate a lot of dimension. But it looks to be that the range will be in the 50 to 70 in 2023 clinics will likely consolidate. As it relates to retention of patients, that is an equation that goes -- that's part of that calculation, and we continue to see strong retention of patients wanting to stay at DaVita.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And then just one last one for me kind of on an IKC follow-up, the number of Ares patients bounces around a little bit during the year. I'm just wondering what are the drivers of that in terms of attribution to you guys? And then is there an expectation like patient mortality in a certain sense, is sort of showing up there? And then on the med cost under management, just I guess what are the expectations for cadence and how that moves through 2023?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So there's nothing I'd call out in terms of the movement on the lives over the course of the year. Contracts go up or down, the number of lives in our SNF plans can move around a little bit. Some of it, I think this quarter was more around rounding than any major moves. In terms of medical spend under management. I think for next year, we expect that number to end somewhere in the $5 billion range with a lot of that growth coming at the beginning of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And then sorry, let me squeeze in just 1 more here. You guys mentioned the commercial mix in MA. Just wondering kind of where that tracked in 4Q and then what's kind of embedded for year-end '23, just on the mix side.
Javier Rodriguez: We ended the year with a mix of 10.4, and we don't usually give forward guidance on mix, but that's where we ended the year.
Operator: Our next caller is Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. I guess last quarter, you mentioned a lot about the missed treatment dynamic. Is there any update there? It sounds like you're saying it came in line with seasonality. I think it's back to normal? Or back as you would have expected based upon how things played out in Q3 plus Q4 seasonality.
Javier Rodriguez: Kevin, on the missed treatments, we just highlighted that it was trending higher than it had historically by 1 percentage point. We also said that this is a dynamic that's going to take some time to, a, understand and then, b, fixed. And so in our guidance, we do not have any significant progress in there until we can really understand the dynamic and lower it. So it came in line in the sense that it wasn't modeled to improve in any dramatic way.
Kevin Fischbeck: And so you're assuming that in your 0% to 3% to down 3% on guidance, it just stays stable?
Javier Rodriguez: Correct.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then as far as the Medtronic JV goes, it sounds like $15 million a quarter the rest of this year, we're assuming -- when does that become breakeven in your minds? Is that kind of ratable to whatever that year is?
Joel Ackerman: Yes, I'd say ratable to 2026 is a reasonable estimate.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And so if you're still going to be at 3.6% to 3.9% leverage, I guess, going back to earlier point, is it safe to assume that there probably won't be share repo in the first half of next year or 2? Or if you feel like there's core growth going on, you could potentially see that pathway to deleveraging that would allow you to start repo before you are kind of right at that range?
Joel Ackerman: I think it's a little early to speculate, but we certainly want to retain the optionality to start the share repurchase program before we get there. I'm not saying we will, but we'd want to know that we've got a clear path to getting there.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then I guess maybe going back to the mix point, you guys did highlight that I think it was 1/3 of the rate growth driver for 2023. Given that the expectation is that there's going to be some sort of recession at some point, I mean, I guess, directionally, it sounds like you're still assuming commercial is up. Is that a issue of member months and when those job losses happen, so it's more of a '24 pressure than '23 pressure? And then, I guess, if you could provide a little color, more color around where you are on the MA penetration side of things, and where you might think that can go over time?
Javier Rodriguez: Well, let me grab the private pay mix and the recession impact. It will be, of course, very specific to what segments get impacted and how long the recession lasts because our patients have shown that they would like to get COBRA and maintain coverage. In addition, they've also kind of have had great success in their coverage in the exchanges. And so that would make it more resilient. And then, of course, if the recession is long-lasting, then who knows what the impact would be. But assuming that it is a normal recession and time length, I think that our patients have shown a tendency to want to keep their private insurance. On your second question, which I think was MA mix, we ended the year at 47.3%. What we continue to see is now we're into normal open enrollment and we have a little more of a tick now every quarter. And so it will continue to increase. And if you had to put a leveling place over the long term, I think it would be slightly below 50 or around 50 if you push me to speculate into the future.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right. Great. And then maybe just one last question. The cost-cutting initiative that you did, I mean, maybe it's just that there's more specificity as far as the charges and everything else that you outlined here. I just want to make sure that this is more or less kind of as you envisioned it last quarter? Or did you accelerate anything or do anything differently as Q4 played out?
Javier Rodriguez: No. I think Joel said it well, we are doing what we said we would in Q3 along all the dimensions than we anticipated. The rest of the stuff remains.
Operator: Andrew Mok with UBS.
Andrew Mok: Great. Just a few numbers questions to follow up. Your D&A increased about $20 million sequentially. Is that from the new clinical IT investments? Or is there something else driving that DNA higher in the quarter? Is that a good number to think about for 2023 from a run rate perspective?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I think modeling consolidated D&A for 2023, I'd say we don't expect that to change very much from the full year 2022.
Andrew Mok: So D&A will be flat even though it ticked up in the fourth quarter is what you're saying on a full year basis?
Joel Ackerman: Yes.
Andrew Mok: And what's driving the decrease? And is that from lower clinics?
Joel Ackerman: I think the important thing here, Andrew, would be to focus on the DNA, you've got to exclude the costs associated with clinic closures and anything else. On a non-GAAP basis, I think you'll see it's relatively flat in Q4 over Q3.
Andrew Mok: Okay. Got it. And then maybe just a quick update on home dialysis initiatives. Where is that tracking relative to long-term goals? And as you shut down clinics, should we expect that number to trend higher over time?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Thanks for the question, Andrew. Our home mix ended up 15.2%, and that is tracking consistent to where we expected. We do not think there's a linkage between closing centers and having home mix increase, but rather the transitional centers that we talked about and making sure that our patients have home remote monitoring and other tools, so that they feel confident and connected and want to be able to go home. We're, in essence, also reeducating nephrologists so that they can be comfortable to have more patients at home. Those variables will be way more important than the centers because we're being so thoughtful as to which clinics we close, and so patients in essence still have access.
Kevin Fischbeck: Got it. And maybe on that point, I think you touched on this briefly, but what exactly are you doing to ensure that you're retaining patients in the clinics that you do close? What are you doing to prevent any sort of leakage there?
Javier Rodriguez: Well, the patients have choice, of course, and their nephrologists have choices and they can go wherever they deem appropriate for their life. But in general, we have relationships with them, and they feel comfortable with their care. And so when we sit with the patient and telling about a center closure, we tell them about their options, and then they choose. And many times, they feel comfortable staying within DaVita center. And then the ones that obviously choose to go somewhere else choose to go somewhere else, but the vast majority have decided to stay with DaVita and their nephrologist.
Operator: And at this time, I am showing no further questions.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Well, thank you, Michelle, and thank you all for your questions and for your continued interest in DaVita. I'll finish where I started with optimism for the year ahead. Although we will continue to stay away from any COVID predictions, I'm encouraged by our recent progress. As outlined today, we will continue to pursue our strategic priorities to create the best long-term capabilities and outcomes for our patients, teammates and shareholders. Thank you all for joining the call today, and be well.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Amanda, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Ackerman, you may begin your conference.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you. And welcome, everyone, to our third quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I am Joel Ackerman, CFO and Treasurer, and joining me today is Javier Rodriguez, our CEO. Please note that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our third quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and all subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other subsequent filings that we make with the SEC. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements except as may be required by law. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release furnished to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Joel. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call today. Q3 was a challenging quarter for us. While natural COVID statistics have been declining, the cumulative impact of COVID on the ESKD patient community continues to grow. Despite the economic challenges, we continue to deliver high-quality clinical care for our patients. We remain incredibly grateful for the amazing work of our frontline teammates who are unrelenting in their focus on caring for our patients. While our commitment to patients is a constant, it is particularly highlighted when a community is in need. As you know, on September 28, Hurricane Ian made landfall in Southwest Florida, subjecting the community to sustain 100-plus mile per hour wind and significant flooding. This led to many health and safety issues for the people in the area, especially people who require life-sustaining dialysis treatment. DaVita operates 230 dialysis centers in Florida with approximately 14,000 patients and 3,250 teammates. Through our comprehensive preparedness planning, I'm grateful that 100% of our patients were accounted for and all had received dialysis within days of landfall of the hurricane. We deployed water tankers, generators, fuel tankers to quickly restore operations in affected areas as well as to provide dialysis to patients from across the kidney care community. Now turning to our financial results. As I mentioned, it was a challenging quarter. For Q3, our adjusted operating income was $351 million, and adjusted earnings per share was $1.45. Adjusted operating income was down sequentially by $88 million from Q2 and was below our expectations for the quarter. The headwinds in volumes have persisted longer than we assumed and contract labor costs and productivity did not begin to improve in the quarter as we had expected. We are now assuming these pressures will continue longer than previously anticipated. As a result, and given the continued uncertainty from COVID and the labor market, we are lowering our guidance for the year and our outlook for 2023 as well. We are reducing our 2022 adjusted operating income guidance to a range of $1.375 billion to $1.45 billion and our 2022 adjusted EPS guidance to $6.20 to $6.70 per share. For 2023, we're updating our outlook for year-over-year adjusted operating income growth to negative $50 million to positive $150 million as outlined in our press release for this quarter. As we have said in the past, volume and labor continue to be the biggest drivers of uncertainty in our results. Let me walk you through the details on what we have seen on each of these and what we're assuming going forward. Let's start with the three main drivers of volume. Census growth before excess mortality, net treatment rates and excess mortality. I will cover each of these individually. First, on census growth, excluding excess mortality, we have seen a decline in patient admissions during each COVID surge, followed by a rebound after each surge. The decline we saw earlier in the year was attributed to Omicron search which we anticipated would rebound in the second half of the year as it has in prior surges. We did not see the expected rebound in Q3 and are assuming continued pressure on admissions in Q4 and through 2023. Next, net treatment rates. As we discussed during our Q1 earnings call, as a result of Ominicon search, mid-treatment rates had increased and we're having a meaningful impact on the change in our treatment volume. We anticipated these increases would return to seasonal norms after the win in search and they have not. As a result, we are now assuming these will remain elevated through the end of this year and through 2023. Finally, on excess mortality. While COVID mortality rates in 2022 are down from prior years, access mortality remains a challenge for us. We expect this to persist in Q4 and into 2023. The magnitude of the impact will depend on the size and the severity of COVID surges this winter and through the rest of 2023. Taking these three metrics together, volume remains the biggest source of uncertainty in our forecast for Q4 2022 and 2023. Moving on to labor. I will cover three drivers: wage rate, contract labor and training costs. As we've talked about in the past, we've been assuming significant wage pressure in 2022 with some offsets from lower benefit costs. Overall, we expected a headwind in 2022 of approximately $100 million to $125 million. Year-to-date, our results are consistent with this forecast. We had also seen significant pressure from contract labor costs in the first half of the year. We expect these to remain elevated in Q3, although at levels below Q2. In fact, the contract labor cost in Q3 increased relative to Q2, and we're now forecasting that, that decline will be later and slower than originally anticipated. On training, we went into Q3 with elevated costs as a result of more hires, which is consistent with increases we have seen in past during hiring peaks. Training costs accelerated in Q3 and which resulted in approximately $20 million higher costs in the quarter than expected. Because of the elevated turnover, this has not yet resulted in the magnitude of positive impact we would normally expect on contract labor or staffing level. As a result, we expect training costs to remain elevated in Q4 and early 2023. In response to these challenges, we continue to work on a number of cost-saving initiatives for 2023. First, we expect to deliver meaningful savings from our new contract from anemia management. WE will begin to transition to our new contract for Mircera in 2023. Second, we are optimizing our clinic [ph] footprint for the current operational environment, which we expect to result in higher capacity utilization and better leveraging of our clinic fixed costs, including labor costs. Finally, we have initiatives underway to reduce our G&A in several areas of the business while investing in our future. As discussed, the cumulative and continued effects of COVID and labor are the key drivers of the shift in our outlook for the balance of 2022 and through 2023. We have anticipated that volume declines from COVID and labor market pressures would impact our revenue growth and margins in 2022, so we had expected release from both dimensions in 2023. We are now assuming these challenges will persist longer than expected, which is what accounts for the change in our guidance. As we step back, we remain confident in our strategy and we are focused on responding to the current industry challenges. We're dedicated to delivering high-quality care of our patients, creating a great place to work for our teammates and sustaining our investment in the future to drive growth in integrated kidney care, have more patients treated home and increase access to transplant. I will now turn it over to Joel to discuss our financial performance and outlook in greater detail.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. Let me first give a few more details on Q3 results before I turn to the rest of 2022 and 2023. As Javier mentioned, we continue to experience treatment volume pressure and higher labor costs in Q3. These challenges were partially offset by lower spend on the ballot initiative than expected and lower losses than expected on ITC in the quarter. Spend on the ballot initiative this quarter was $28 million as compared to $23 million last quarter. We recognized the benefit in IKC of approximately $8 million related to shared savings revenue that was anticipated in Q4 and we anticipate could be offset with higher ITC losses in Q4 than expected. U.S. dialysis treatments per day were down 0.4% compared to the second quarter. Approximately half the decline was the result of elevated miss treatment and half from lower census. Revenue per treatment grew quarter-over-quarter by $2.13, primarily due to favorable adjustments, increased acute treatment as well as the continued shift to MA plans, partially offset by the reinstatement of Medicare sequestration. Patient care cost per treatment was higher by $8.72 quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to higher wage rates, training expenses for new teammates due to increased hiring and timing of teammate health benefit expenses. G&A expense was up approximately $56 million versus Q2, $46 of the $56 million is the result of three items. First, in Q2, we had a onetime gain related to some self-developed properties of $22 million. Second, in Q3, there was $11 million of expense recognized related to closure charges. This $11 million is excluded from the adjusted OI. Third, there was our $28 million contribution to the industry campaign against the ballot initiative in California, an increase of $5 million over Q2. The balance of the quarter-over-quarter change is related to higher compensation expense and typical fluctuations in G&A spend. As I've discussed on previous calls, we've identified a number of initiatives to lower our fixed cost structure and our G&A. As part of these efforts, in Q3, we recorded $40 million of expense including accelerated depreciation and the write-off of the net book value of assets related to certain centers we closed as we seek to optimize our clinic footprint. These expenses are excluded from our adjusted operating income. We anticipate additional expenses will be excluded from our adjusted operating income in our guidance for both 2022 and 2023. I also want to add some details about 2023. As Javier mentioned, we've updated our year-over-year adjusted operating income growth estimate to negative $50 million to positive $150 million. The change comes primarily in our assumptions around the continued headwind on treatment volume. We've also made small adjustments to two other drivers. First, we've changed the outlook on labor costs, primarily associated with training costs of new hires now pushed into 2023 as a result of 2022 performance and inflation. We've also lowered the range for year-over-year improvement in IKC operating income by $25 million. This is due to outperformance in 2022 rather than a change in the outlook for 2023. Finally, during the quarter, we repurchased approximately 2.1 million shares which brought the total for 2022, thus far to approximately 8.1 million shares. Looking forward, we expect the pace of our share repurchases to slow significantly. We currently plan to focus more of our capital deployment to lowering our debt levels to get back to our target leverage ratio of 3 to 3.5 times EBITDA. Operator, please open the call for Q&A.
Q - Andrew Mok: Hi, good morning. I appreciate all the color on the headwinds. When I look at the guide to it implies a Q4 range of about $240 million to $320 million of OI which is a pretty material step down from recent quarters. Can you maybe help rank order the headwinds you laid out for us in terms of what's driving the sequential decline? And what are you assuming with respect to COVID and its impact on treatment and labor in Q4? Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. Thanks, Andrew, for the question. So if I were to bridge Q3 to the middle of the range for Q4, First, we have the benefit of ballot. So that's in the high $28 million benefit. In terms of the headwinds rank ordering them 1 and 2 are salary wage and benefit would be number one. And that's higher training costs, wage rate increases and some benefit seasonality. Number two would be volume, which is an accumulation of the census miss. So the kind of the full quarter's worth of the lower census we experienced in Q3, plus some additional census headwind as well as a spike in the mist treatment rate. Historically, mistreatment rates are lowest in Q3 and Q4 - I'm sorry, in Q2 and Q3, they go up in Q4 and then again in Q1, partly due to weather and flu season and then also partly due to holidays. And then third would be RPT. We had some favorable variability in Q3, that will come down, and we typically see a bit of a decline in commercial mix from the middle of the year through the end of the year. So those would be the big ones. I think there's a little bit of stuff in depreciation and amortization. I think IKC will come down a bit again as well, and there is some seasonality in G&A. So that would be the bridge in terms of what we're assuming here for Q4, we're assuming continued excess mortality, we're assuming the - the mistreatment rate that we've seen being above historical norms persists. And we're assuming some of the admissions or the - the, call it, organic growth challenges that we saw in Q3, we're assuming those persist as well.
Andrew Mok: Got it. Okay.
Joel Ackerman: Andrew, let me just add a little color because of what you speak of as a magnitude. I think it's important to note that underlying all the assumptions that Joel just went through we had a philosophical change in how we look at the future. So in the past, we were building in a rebound, we were assessing the uncertainties, but we thought that they would taper out by around Q3 and well into Q4. So now we're assuming that COVID remained and the uncertainty on labor and volume stays longer. And so that really shifts the models in the dramatic way that you're trying to bridge.
Andrew Mok: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. Any color on how much higher the mistreatment rate is in 2022 versus historical levels?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, it's about 100 basis points higher - so you can think of that as just a 1% headwind on our treatment volume. And just to give you a number, 1% of treatment volume is worth about $50 million of operating income.
Andrew Mok: Got it. And then you mentioned contract labor costs increased sequentially, which is a somewhat surprising trend. Was that driven by higher utilization or higher rates? And were there specific markets driving that sequential increase?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Let me grab that one. The reality is there is no one market. It is spread across the country. And the reason why that variable, i.e., contract labor is behaving a little less predictable than usual is because normally you would look at your training as a leading indicator of the decrease of contract labor in the future, i.e., you're training a teammate and that person is going to hit the floor in whatever, 3, 4 months. And then you would, in essence, model your contract labor decreasing because of persistence in turnover, unfortunately, our leading indicator of training is translating to lower contract labor and therefore, we're having higher contract labor and higher training which, of course, is the double whammy that we're speaking of.
Andrew Mok: Got it. It's helpful. And then you mentioned..
Joel Ackerman: Just to add on to Javier, it's more about the number of contract labors and less about rate.
Andrew Mok: Okay. That's helpful. Last question for me, and I'll hop back in the queue. You mentioned that you plan switching your ESA regimen from Epogen to Mircera [ph] in 2023. Can you help us understand the pace of that transition?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. We've gotten a lot of questions on that. And as you can imagine, safety is utmost importance and we want to do it at the right pace. We will be done by 2023, but of course, the doctors have to review all the protocols and make sure that it's proper for their patient population. And so we don't have a particular goal. We're just saying, please review the documents and get the proper prescription for your patients.
Andrew Mok: Okay. Thank you.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks, I wanted to ask a little bit about the miss treatment dynamic, I guess, is this something that you have seen happen in the past before? What would cause people to miss treatments on a consistent basis, it seems like something that it really can't happen for any extended period of time. So has this ever happened and how long does it normally take to come back? And what are the causes in your view of why it's happening now and persisting longer?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, Kevin, thanks for the question. Miss treatments are common at certain volumes because just life happened transportation vacations, et cetera, where you missed one treatment. I think you are right in assessing that there's not what I'd call a chronic miss that you can go too long without dialysis. But when we studied the data, we found that it is consolidated, meaning roughly 15% of the patients are causing 70% of the miss treatment. And so when we started to look into that, we found that roughly half of the miss treatments are hospitalizations. And the other half is a popery of things from the patient, him or herself being ill with covet or something else, so stay in home, transportation issues, either due to staffing or other things and then scheduling scheduling either due to the patient or our center. And so there's a lot of things that go into the mistreatment -- and what we're trying to do right now is make sure that we double down on our processes to reschedule the patients, but this is where it's all connected. If you have a tight labor market and staffing is tight, sometimes it's harder to get that rescheduled - so we're working on it. And basically, we had never really talked about this treatment because it was pretty flat year-over-year. And then with the COVID sort of introduction, if you will, that number started to move, and we thought it would revert back to normal, and we're now seeing it stay elevated.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. That makes sense. And then, I guess, what drove the commercial mix in the quarter. I think that was a headwind this quarter, but a tailing year-to-date. So anything going on there? Any update or thoughts on what the Marriott is impacting pricing at all?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. No. Commercial mix was flattish, and it was down. It was down in what I'd call normal material way on the commercial side. And you got to remember that mix is a numerator denominator and because of excess mortality and particularly in our older population, which is Medicare that number is moving a little unusually as well. But there's nothing to report on that.
Kevin Fischbeck: About pricing is Marriott having any impact there?
Javier Rodriguez: No. On pricing, I remember, our contracts are set for an extended period of time -- and so if you were going to say the negative of our long-term pricing is that, of course, they didn't incorporate the inflation that we're experiencing. If you're going to look at the positive and we've talked about this, is that we have very predictable and stable relationships with our payers. And therefore, you're not susceptible to the bumps of everyday life, you can plan with with a 3-, 4-year time horizon.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right. Great. Thank
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Pito Chickering: Yeah. Good morning, guys, Thanks for taking my questions. Going back to sort of 2Q when you reported in sort of our results beginning of August, I'm just sort of curious what changed in August and September versus what you saw through July that relate to the so dramatic miss in kind of guidance?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. Let me grab the high level, and I think I'll be a little repetitive -- the main thing, Peter, is the philosophical change in guidance. And so if you start to think we had this rebound that we thought a lot of these numbers that were high would revert to normal. We've spoken of a couple, in particular, training and miss treatments already - and so when you grab all those numbers and you say they're going to revert to normal. And instead of that, it actually goes to an all-time high, meaning it goes the opposite way. then that starts to open up a big gap -- and then instead of assuming, well, maybe the rebound is going to happen a quarter from now, we just said, we don't have any data that would make us any smarter on on really predicting where this will change. And so we had conversations internally and we had a couple of options. We had 3 options, right? The first one is you just don't give guidance at all. because it is just too much to predict for 2023. The second is you try to predict the unpredictable. -- and really try to make an educated prediction about when COVID and labor markets regulate. And then the last one is you assume the current environment doesn't change until there's clear data. And so we used to take something closer to Option 2, which is we had assumptions of COVID in volume, and we thought they would get better at the back end of '22 and improving into 2023. And now, we're taking closer adoption 3, which is we assume these dynamics that are strange in COVID volumes and the labor markets continue until we have further data.
Joel Ackerman: So Peter, let me fill in Javier's high-level view with just a little bit of quantification on the details. So if you look at our '22 guidance today versus where we were three months ago, it's down about $150 million at the center of the range. That is - the biggest component of that is volume, which is, I'd say, roughly split 50% from lower census and 50% from a higher miss treatment rate. And on the mistreatment rate, it's not that it's going up further. It's just that it's not coming down the way we had anticipated, so that's 22. Looking forward to the change on 2023, it's really much more about volume. Again, census being the biggest driver on that and miss treatment rates also not coming down with our new philosophy. And then the other big component would be labor. Tow thirds training one contract. And that's really about pushing out from the second half of this year to the first half of next year when we start seeing the benefits of some of the new hires that we're putting in place and the reduction in training costs and then ultimately, lower contract volume. So those are the numbers.
Pito Chickering: Okay. On the treatment assumptions or actually on treatment, I guess, during 3Q, sort of ignoring the mistreatments for a second. If I should breakout for the three key drivers here, it's instance rate of new ESRD patients, patient mortality and excess patient mortality from COVID. I guess can you just break down what you saw this quarter in these 3 buckets? And is there a slower incidence rate, which could be leading to lower promotional mix in the quarter, back half of the year?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Let me grab those because you've got the components right. So let's just start from the top. You start with new admit. The new admits are down roughly a couple of thousand patients then you subtract transplants, which have been flattish and then you subtract mortality, which as we've discussed has been higher. And then you subtract the miss treatments, which we've already discussed, has been higher, roughly 100 basis points depending on the starting point. And so that's the entire equation. The next question, which we've been really studying is why are new admits down what is happening with the population upstream, which is sort of the natural question. Unfortunately, that leads to a dissatisfying answer, and that's because of what we've talked about all along which is there is very low visibility to the CKD population, and roughly half of the patients actually crash into dialysis. So you start getting into a lot of different data sources and data sets -- and what we've looked at isn't conclusive. And so right now, the hypothesis, one could have a good hypothesis that says there happen to be a bit more depth in that patient population. There are others that think that, that might be offset over time because the volume and the pace at which someone will progress from CKD into ESKD will be bigger post time as COVID progresses. And so right now, unfortunately, again, the upstream is the one that we have the least visibility in the other variables we've already discussed.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Got it. I know you don't give revenue guidance for 2023, but after so this pretty large decrease of OI guidance. Can you help guide us to what revenue growth you assume in 2023 over 2022 with all these changes that we're making?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. So I think the best components to think about would be RPT and volume. And I think at a very high level, they will offset each other next year. So again, I don't want to get into too much specificity, but I think thinking about RPT in the maybe a little bit better range and then a volume decline, if you take everything we've said at the middle of the range would be about a 2% volume decline -- so those would offset each other and wind up at kind of flattish revenue
Pito Chickering: Great, thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Justin Lake: Thanks, good morning. Just a quick follow-up first on the volume question. So volumes down 2% for next year is what you're assuming, guys, just to be clear?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes.
Justin Lake: That mix treatments?
Javier Rodriguez: Year-over-year, there's no mistreatment impact because what we're basically saying is it's running 100 basis points higher than normal in 2022, and we're assuming that it will continue to run at that 100 basis point higher than normal level. So it's 100 basis points relative to pre-COVID, but year-over-year, it's no change.
Justin Lake: Got it. So this is 100% coming from new admits below mortality?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. I mean it's a combination of new admits running below historical plus continued excess mortality -- and then I think the other important thing to recognize is as as we have excess mortality throughout the year of 2022, that has a negative impact on the full year-over-year as that -- the impact of that mortality annualizes.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then you talked about the clinic closures in the third quarter. Can you tell us how many clinics are closed in the third quarter? And then how many do you expect to close for the full year this year? And any insight into how many you closed in 2023?
Javier Rodriguez: Sure, Justin. For the year, there's a little timing in there. So let's give a range between 130 and 150 for the year or so. And for next year, we're forecasting between 50 and 60. And again, those could bounce around depending on timing. And so just to remind you because I think we spoke of this last time, we put through several lenses. The first is to make sure we have the right patient access. Secondly, we look for the availability of home - and then lastly, we look at sort of the local market dynamics, the lens of the leases and those type of things. But it's a complicated process that we have to be really thoughtful to make sure that we're being responsible.
Joel Ackerman: Justin the number was 44.
Justin Lake: Okay. Good. And then does this have any impact on patient growth as well? Or do you feel like you retain pretty close to 100% of these patients when you close the center?
Javier Rodriguez: We don't retain 100%, but we retain the vast majority. So it shouldn't have much of an impact on volume.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then last question before I jump back the leverage. So the - would you agree EBITDA next year somewhere in the $2 billion range ?
Javier Rodriguez: I don't want to get into the specifics. But I think if you're asking about leverage, where we round up to 3.9% this quarter. it is above our target range of 3 to 3.5x. And we are -- we would like to get the leverage down over the course of next year. Obviously, what happens to EBITDA year-over-year will be an important driver of that. But to further that effort, we are certainly going to rethink how much of our free cash flow we're deploying to share buybacks and lean more heavily to debt pay down. So the revolver was down from 450 last quarter to a drag of $2.75 this quarter. And I think it's fair to say that our share buyback pace will come down over the next year and our leverage level should come down as well -- I'm sorry, our total leverage should come down as well.
Justin Lake: Yes, Joe, I guess what I was trying to do is like the number you have in the press release is a little bit backward looking. -- if the EBITDA is coming in the OI coming down next year to 1.4, I'm assuming you get to like $22.1million EBITDA in total, right, with the D&A -- so that would leave you closer. I think you said in the release you were 8.8% net debt that would put you at close to 4.4% on kind of a forward look versus the backward look that you have in the release, one, is that the right number? And then two, maybe I appreciate the help and understanding debt-down over share repo. But if you could give us a little bit more color in terms of if you have $1 of free cash flow next year, maybe you could just tell us previously, it's been 100% towards share repo. Is it now 75-25 or at 4.4 times, are you doing any share repo so you get closer to 3.5%? Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. So I'd start with a higher EBITDA number for next year. if you take, I think, in the middle of our range, you get somewhere a little north of $1.45 billion. I think it's 1.46% on OI, add back $700 million of depreciation and amortization, you'd get to an EBITDA number that's more in the 21% to 22% range. And then in terms of how much of the free cash flow we deploy, I would think it would be a higher percentage to debt pay down than the kind of 75%, 25%. I don't want to give a specific number, but I think we're going to cut way back on share buyback.
Justin Lake: Got it. That's helpful, guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Pito Chickering: Hey, guys. Just a sort of a follow-up here. Looking just at the fourth quarter, implied OI, if I annualize that, it's pretty -- a lot lower than sort of the new 23. Just curious sort of what costs or sort of more of a onetime in nature in 4Q that we won't take as a run rate into 2023?
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. So let me try and build that bridge up of Q4 annualized to the 2023 guide. I think you wind up with about a $350 million gap that we would need to bridge. And here's how I do it. First, volume will be a headwind from Q4 to the full year, call that $100 million will be a tail will be a tailwind north of $200 million. I think important to realize there, again, RPT, we think, will run stronger next year, year-over-year than historically.\ One of the big drivers of that will be Medicare fee-for-service, where the final rule is not out we're expecting it imminently. We are anticipating that the final rule will be better than the preliminary rule. So that will help RPT and then just all the normal RPT increases, so call that north of $200 million. I would add in $150 million of cost savings, which is in the table that we called out in the press release -- and then there is a bit of negative seasonality on Q4 that's probably worth $50 million to $75 million. So if you were to add that all up, you get somewhere around 350. The one thing that wasn't on my list, I just want to highlight was labor relative to Q4 we could see 2023 as being relatively flat. Labor being flat in 2023 relative to Q4. And what you see there is higher wage rates offset by the lower training costs, which we see coming down in the back half of the year as well as contract labor coming down over time.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Got it. And then I know versus the other moving parts of the small one, but on the ITC guidance for 2023. I guess what what's changing your assumptions? Is it higher utilization that you're assuming? Is it lower reimbursement you're assuming? Is it increased investments? Kind of what's driving that change for ITC for 2023?
Javier Rodriguez: I'm sorry, Pito, I missed that. Could you repeat the question? I apologize.
Pito Chickering: Apologies. Looking at your 2023 guidance, previously, you're guiding to specifically on the ITC, you're guiding to tailwind now is a $25 million headwind or to flat headwind. So it's a swing here in ITC guidance for next year. Just curious exactly what's driving that? Is it more utilization -- is it -- it was the key driver of the delta/
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Sorry about that. So if I look at 23 for IKC, I think there are really 2 factors at play here on the bridging it from 22 to 23. One is 22% is coming in a lot better than we expected. So you're comping to a to a much smaller loss. The second thing is we now expect growth in 2023 again. And as we've called out in the past, IC growth is a headwind in year 1 to OI. So your - the overall result hasn't changed much. It's that 22 has gotten better and to some extent, some of the benefit we're seeing in '22 is going to get offset by the impact of growth in '23.
Pito Chickering: Is that growth coming from more MA contracts converting into...
Javier Rodriguez: There's a little mix of that, but the bulk of it is we are opening a lot more of the CKCC program. So we had 11 this year, and we're doing 11% more next year. There will be a little more MA, but the predictable large volume will be government.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Fair enough. And then, I guess, with all the moving parts, do you view the breakeven point for ICE getting better or worse from previous guidance?
Javier Rodriguez: I would say the business is performing better than we expected. But in the short term, growth has a negative impact on NOI.
Pito Chickering: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you . Our last question comes from Andrew Mok with UBS. Your line is open.
Andrew Mok: Hi. First, do you have the excess mortality number in the quarter that you can give to us? And then you noted that the annualization of excess mortality is a negative for next year. When you look at the patient population, are you seeing any evidence of reduced mortality rates for the current population such that when you finish annualizing this excess impact treatment should start to accelerate?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. So excess mortality in the quarter was a little bit north of 1,000, call it, $1,100. In terms of are we seeing what we call the pull-forward effect it is very hard for us to tease out the difference between higher COVID mortality and lower mortality from pull forward. So the excess mortality number we give is effectively a blend or is a net of those two numbers. We still believe in the concept of the pull forward that some patients that our census is being positively impacted by lower mortality from the earlier excess mortality, but we're just not in a position to quantify it. So I think it is fair to think of our excess mortality as a net number of the number of patients in the quarter who died as a result of COVID, offset by a lower mortality from the prior mortality that isn't occurring this quarter. I hope that's clear.
Andrew Mok: Okay. I think I understand. And then on the hurricane, you noted that you're able to get all the patients down in Florida access to dialysis throughout the hurricane impact. Can you quantify what impact that had on your P&L this quarter? And is there any lingering impact of the hurricane into the fourth quarter?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, Andrew, there was no significant impact on the P&L and again, nothing in Q4 for that.
Andrew Mok: Okay. And then on the Medicare rate, I think you said you're already assuming better Medicare rates. Is that 100 basis points better? Can you give us some color on what you're assuming there?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. That's a reasonable estimate. We've looked at what other sectors have seen in the delta between their prior and their final -- so we're thinking about 3.4%, I think, is a reasonable number.
Operator: Thank you. And we did have another question come through Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Justin Lake: Can you hear me okay?
Javier Rodriguez: We can hear you fine, Justin.
Justin Lake: So I thought maybe we just throw in one more question on kind of cost going through 2023. And for instance, Andrew earlier brought up Micra you guys are going to be implementing that through the year. So just looking to see like, is there any potential right at the end of the tunnel as we go through the year. Freyser costs for the year. The benefit of that, you won't see it, but you'll be at a higher run rate on savings at the end of '23 than you were through was also thinking about the potential you talked about contract labor being higher than you expected and that's going to hopefully moderate through 2023. So just wondering if you could give us some numbers around that, for instance, is there -- within that cost cutting, how much is Macera in that cross-cutting number -- and how much do you think you could get out? How much will the total savings be that you could run rate in the 23%? And then maybe you could tell us what your contract labor costs are running in the third and fourth quarter. and how you expect those to run through 23, so we could think about an exit rate in three/
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. So first, I think you're thinking about things directionally correctly, that the front half of the year will be tougher than the back half of the year. And for -- I put it into 3 buckets. One is Q1 is always seasonally tough because of revenue per treatment. And that's just how we account for the nonpayment or the bad debt associated with deductibles and co-pays. Second is a combination of the savings from Mircera and some of the other initiatives building over the course of the year, combined with some of the pressures associated with contract labor and training declining over the course of the year. And then finally, IKC is a business that we have generally assumed will have a better Q4 than other quarters because of how revenue recognition works. We saw -- we're seeing less of that pattern in 2022. We've seen more of the revenue that we expected to recognize in Q4 earlier in the year. But again, I think we're anticipating a better Q4 for ITC, although that's not something you could annualize. So those are the things in terms of how to quantify some of this stuff Contract labor for Q3 is running at about 30 -- a little bit north of $30 million for the quarter. We're looking at that to come down a bit in Q4 and Q1 and then really start declining starting Q2 of next year. although we're assuming it will remain elevated relative to our historical rate, which was almost insignificant. That's contract labor. In terms of quantifying the magnitude of the cost savings. So we've called out $150 million for next year at the middle of the range. Mircera is the biggest component of that. The the realignment of the footprint is number 2 and the G&A is number three. So we're not going to give specific numbers on those things, but I think that can help you get in the right ballpark on those three numbers.
Joel Ackerman: Got it. Maybe on my Setra [ph] would be would the fourth quarter run rate kind of be double what the benefit that it covers the annualized, but is it going to be something that's kind of ratable for the year, so second fourth quarter exit is going to be a lot higher? -- than the full year along It's hard to tell, Justin. This - remember, this is an operationally intensive effort. Ultimately, physicians do the prescribing not us, and it will be a question of how they're thinking about it, how long it takes them to integrate the information, how many will make the change and when. So I don't think we're ready to make a prediction on that.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then last question for me is on revenue per treatment. So you talked about there were some kind of moving parts there that benefited revenue for treatment First, can you put a number around that in terms of how much dollars in revenue per treatment, you saw a benefit? Just trying to understand, one, how much that benefit is the quarter and two, was a reasonable run rate to think about going into the fourth quarter? And then lastly, maybe you could give us a number on that commercial treatment that commercial mix decline. Yes. So I think you can think of the quarter as having benefited by $2 to $3 of normal fluctuation. We see that all the time. if you want a good exit run rate, I think $365 RPT is a reasonable exit run rate for Q4 and for the full year of 2022 off of which to build your '23 number. In terms of commercial mix, it was a few basis points down for the quarter. So really not significant. I think it was 10.4% last quarter and it rounds to 10.3% this quarter, but it was pretty small.
Operator: I apologize. At this time, we have no further questions. Mr. Rodriguez. I'll hand the call back to you.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Aman. As you can see from all the conversation we have guidance is harder with the COVID uncertainty on volume and the labor dynamics that we have spoken of. We, of course, are working very hard to give you our best estimate and now are assuming that they will stay elevated for a period of time. Let me just close with a couple of comments. One is these are very challenging times for DaVita and they are challenging times for the broader kidney care community and all health care providers. But as I separate myself from this moment in time and I look further out, I can't help but to say, we are incredibly well positioned to differentiate and outperform given the experience of our team, the clarity of our strategy and the strength of our balance sheet. I appreciate your time today. Have a good day. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening. My name is Michelle, and Ill be your conference facilitator today. At this time, Id like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Ackerman, you may begin your conference.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to our second quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. Im Joel Ackerman, CFO and Treasurer and joining me today is Javier Rodriguez, our CEO. Please note that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our second quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and all subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other subsequent filings that we make with the SEC. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements except as may be required by law. Additionally, wed like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release furnished to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Joel, and thank you for joining the call. Today I will cover five topics health equity and Supreme Court case, second quarter performance, an update on our Integrated Kidney Care or IKC business and I will conclude my remarks with our current thinking for 2023. Before we discuss business matters, let me start with a clinical topics that is critical for society. Health Equity. Given the disproportionate impact kidney disease has on patients of color, health equity is of utmost importance. Across the key dimensions of access to care, access to information and clinical outcome DaVita in the kidney care community have achieved unparalleled equity relative to the vast majority of other disease states. We have used the focus of our scale to provide consistent equitable access to care and education.  Our leading clinical outcomes and protocols have reduced variability across all patient populations, regardless of race, or socioeconomic status. Our black and Hispanic patients, are at parity when it comes to dialysis adequacy, phosphorus, and calcium lab values, as well as hospitalizations and mortality. As another example of our efforts to drive health equity, our Kidney SMART program is now available in 10 languages and we're participating in a pilot to develop culturally tailored education to underrepresented and underserved patient communities. As it relates to access, dialysis services are available to most patients within 10 miles of their home. We are proud of these results, and now have set our ambitions to improve access to transplant and home dialysis. Now, moving on to SCOTUS, the ruling in the Marietta Memorial Hospital matter opened a loophole for plans to circumvent the historic protections for our patients in the Medicare Secondary Payer Act, or MSPA. We continue to believe that this narrow interpretation is not only contrary to Congress's intent when enacting these provisions, but could also result in harm to this vulnerable patient population and set health equity efforts back. We're working with the community on several initiatives to not only close this loophole but apply other anti-discrimination provisions to protect these patients right to be able to choose the insurance option that works best for them. The first step in the process is supporting legislative efforts of members of Congress who are passionate about protecting not only dialysis patient rights, but also the Medicare trust fund. We're excited last Friday, bipartisan legislation was introduced to allow Congress to do just that amended the text of the MSPA to close the loophole opened by the Marietta decision. The proposed legislation clarifies the benefit plan seeking to limit or impair benefits based on the need for renal dialysis services, like the Marietta plan would be considered a violation of the MSPA. While getting any legislation pass will be difficult in election year. We believe the restoration of the MSPA is non-controversial and we will work with the Congressional Budget Office to ensure that it will be scored as a saver, which should help with passage. The community is also working with regulators to ensure other anti-discrimination protection would apply to address the type of discrimination implemented with the Marietta Memorial Hospital employee group. The proposed revisions to the anti-discrimination provisions of the Affordable Care Act that were released last week demonstrate that HHS is serious about protecting against insurance benefits designed to discriminate based on a variety of things, including disability. Should we start to see efforts by employer groups to modify benefit plans to take advantage of the workaround of the MSPA created by the Marietta decision, there could be legal actions based on these anti-discrimination provisions. Now moving on to financial results. For Q2, we delivered operating income of 433 million in earnings per share of $2.30. Operating income was up sequentially by 95 million and seasonal impacts of Q1 abetted and treatments per day increased quarter-over-quarter by approximately 1%. COVID infections and mortality in our patient population declined after the Omicron surge in Q1 through May but increased in June and again in July. The treatment rates were also down significantly from the highs in Q1, but above the seasonal norms in Q2, the impact of COVID on mortality mid-treatment, and treatment volumes remain difficult to forecast and is the biggest swing factor for our performance in the second half of 2022 and into 2023. Labor costs remain a challenge in Q2 with higher contracted labor utilization and base wage increases similar to what we experienced in Q1. We're managing other patient care costs and G&A to help offset the impact of wage and other inflationary increases. With all these challenges, we continued to believe it's more likely that our performance will fall within the bottom half of our guidance range of 1.525 billion to 1.675 billion for 2022. Turning to an update on our IKC business. Operating losses in our IKT business were better than expected in Q2. This was a result of timing within 2022 with our recognition of some shared savings revenue earlier in the year than anticipated. We also benefited from positive prior period development in our special need plan. For the full year, we're anticipating overall performance in IKC to be better than initially expected. Looking forward, we're gaining confidence in our model of care given the early results of our 2021 Share Saving Trust. For 2023, we're also expecting significantly higher growth in our membership and dollars under management in both [indiscernible] and [CKCD] [ph] program. As a result of the better performance in 2022 and the first-year costs associated with significant growth, we are now expecting improvement in IKC operating income in 2023 to be lower than previously expected. Last, I want to provide an update on our thinking about 2023 overall. To help our investors and analysts with these updates. I refer you to a table in the outlook section in our press release that lays out our views on the primary drivers of operating income growth from 2022 to 2023. We continue to believe that we will deliver a significant rebound next year although the challenges and uncertainties around treatment volume growth and the healthcare labor market have led us to lower the improvement range to 200 million to 300 million. Let me walk you through the updated thinking. First, back in November of 2021, we expected the volume headwinds from COVID to be over in 2023 and we're anticipating benefits from a pull forward of mortality from COVID. These factors would have resulted in a higher than normal volume growth in the middle of our range and a tailwind from volume in 2023 compared to our historical results, based on what we have learned from Omicron surge in the winter and the continued evolution of the pandemic, we now expect COVID to remain a headwind to growth in 2023. Uncertainty around treatment volume intensive growth continues to be the single largest source of variability in our year-over-year profit forecasts. Second, our confidence in the likelihood and the magnitude of the cost saving initiatives we've been working on has increased. We have plans in a way to reduce our procurement costs, or our fixed cost structure and shrink our G&A. This will result in some non-recurring expenses in 2022 and 2023 but it's expected to lower our cost structure for the long-term. Third, relative to what we knew at Capital Markets Day, we're now anticipating higher revenue per treatment growth next year. This is a result of higher rate increases and lower patient bad debt. To summarize for 2023, we still expect to deliver a meaningful [indiscernible] increase of 200 million to 300 million, but based on volume and wage pressure, we are lowering that range. I will now turn it over to Joel to discuss our financial performance and outlook in greater detail.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. First, let me start with some additional details on our second quarter results. U.S. dialysis treatments were up 2.3% compared to the first quarter. This was the result of one additional treatment day and an increase of approximately 1% in treatments per day. excess mortality was down significantly from Q1 as the impact of the first Omicron surge receded. I will note this benefit appears to have reversed in June and July, as a new wave is having negative impact on volumes. Mistreatment rates declined in the quarter as a result of typical seasonal patterns but remained higher than usual in Q2 because of the new Omicron subvariants. Revenue per treatment grew quarter-over-quarter by $4.19. primarily due to normal seasonal improvements driven by patients meeting their coinsurance and deductibles, as well as the continued shift to MA plans partially offset by a seasonal decrease in acute treatment volume and the partial loss of Medicare sequestration relief in Q2. Patient care costs per treatment was lowered by $5.47 per treatment quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to seasonality of health benefits, and payroll taxes and lower costs across multiple other categories. G&A was up approximately $24 million versus Q1. In Q2, there was approximately $23 million of contributions to the industry's campaign against the ballot initiative in California. This is a pull forward of expenses originally planned for Q3. Our estimates for the full year impact of the spend on the ballot initiative have not changed, although it does impact the timing between Q2 and Q3. Additionally, it was a one-time gain on the sale of some self developed properties of $22 million, which approximately offset the pull forward of the ballot initiative spend. The increase in G&A relative to Q1 was largely the result of higher compensation expense, and increased T&E. Putting this all together, to help you understand how we think about the results in Q2 as a starting point for understanding the rest of the year, I would point out a couple of things. First, the ballot initiative expense in the quarter was offset by the gain on the sale of self-developed properties. Both of these items flow through the G&A line and combined had no significant impact on the quarter. Second, results in IKC for the quarter were significantly higher than anticipated for two reasons. First, we recognized shared savings revenue of approximately $15 million that was expected in the back half of 2022. Second, we had positive prior period development of approximately $10 million. Together these resulted in approximately $25 million of benefit in the quarter that we do not anticipate recurring in the back half of 2022. In addition to these components, there were other items as there are every quarter, but these largely offset one another. The result of all this is that earnings for the quarter benefited from a net of approximately $25 million compared to what we would use as a baseline for modeling earnings for the back half of the year. For Q3, and Q4, the spending on the California budget initiative is the only significant seasonal or unusual item that we currently anticipate. In Q2, we repurchased approximately 3.9 million shares of our stock, and we have repurchased an additional 901,000 shares since the quarter end. Finally, I want to add one detail to Javiers comments about the bridge to 2023 operating income. As he said, we're bringing the range of adjusted OI increase in 2023, down to $200 million to $300 million. The initiatives we are undertaking to deliver on this range are expected to result in non-recurring expenses in 22 and 2023. These non-recurring costs are not included in our guidance. Operator, please open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. You may go ahead, sir.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, great, thanks. A couple of questions here. So it sounds like you're saying you took up your pricing outlook for next year, I guess, is any way to think about what has changed along those lines, like how much of it is because of a better view on the Medicare rate update versus MA rates versus commercial?
Joel Ackerman: Yes, Kevin, there are really three components to it. One is the Medicare rate as you referenced. The second is some operational and systems changes that we're going to make internally that we think can drive higher yield or higher cash collections, which ultimately results in a higher RPT. And the third are some benefit changes that will impact the patient component and improve our bad debt because the lower the patient component comes back related to out of pocket costs, the lower that goes, the higher we will ultimately collect. None of this is about our expectation of higher rates on commercial or MA.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And is there any negative view I guess, obviously, with this Marietta there and you just talked about, the initiatives that the industry is pursuing to fix that, but I guess, is there an expectation or any early indication around how commercial contracts are being negotiated?
Javier Rodriguez: Kevin is Javier, the short answer is it's too early to tell. And so we continue to watch it. And we will let you know if we see anything. As we said last time, there's a segment that's more likely than not, which is that small employer but these things take time. And so we don't have anything new to report on it.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then I guess, you mentioned that you've changed versus your original outlook, a bridge for '23, you have a different view about volumes, how much of that is because of mass versus what's already happened in the math of that going forward versus kind of your changed view or more conservative view about what how things might develop going forward.
Joel Ackerman: I think it's more about what will happen going forward than what we've seen so far. Volume is a little bit below where we were expecting. But this is more about our expectations for excess mortality going forward, rather than what we've seen so far.
Javier Rodriguez: Remember, Kevin, we talked a little about a pull forward, we call it sort of COVID unwind at one point, which is we thought that once that excess mortality unwound, that we would have a little richer growth in one year, and now we just don't have visibility. Mathematically, of course, it will happen but we don't have visibility as to when it will happen. And so that's the math that the Joel just talked.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, so the total OI number has not changed. It's just the timing is too difficult to predict. So you're just taking some of that out next year.
Joel Ackerman: Well, the total OI for 2023 has changed, it has been brought down in the middle of the range by 75. So it was 250 to 400. We've moved it to 200 to 300. So 75 at the middle of the range, I think it's fair to say that 75 is fully accounted for by our change in volume expectations. There's some other puts and takes as well.
Kevin Fischbeck: I guess I thought that you guys talked about, like 150 to 200 OI from the COVID normalization on the volumes over time. Is that still the right way to think about, is that number hasn't changed?
Joel Ackerman: I don't think our views on normalization from COVID have changed in terms of volumes. I think we've stopped kind of thinking about what's the negative impact on OI from COVID and more recognizing where we are today is the new baseline, and how are we going to move forward from here. But the comments we've made about the pull forward, and ultimately, excess mortality, at some point needing to go away and become lower than normal, we still believe in that.
Kevin Fischbeck: Excellent, thank you.
Operator: And our next caller is Justin Lake with Wolf Research. You may go ahead, sir.
Justin Lake: Thanks. A couple of follow ups from Kevin's question there. First, you talked about some benefit changes that are going to help reduce patient out pockets, you might give us a little more color.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. This relates to changes in the way Medicare is calculating the maximum out of pocket for --and for duels in particular, that's where we see the impact, we have a very heavy dual population in our MA book and as the change in Medicare -- in maximum out of pocket changes. And these dual eligibles reach their maximum out of pocket quicker than ultimately the patient component of which as you know, we collect very little, they'll hit that earlier in the year. And the result is the -- call it the patient bad debt number goes down.
Justin Lake: How is that going to impact that half of the revenue for treatment, if we're thinking about next year in dollar terms?
Joel Ackerman: I'd say somewhere in the dollar and a half range.
Justin Lake: Got it. And is that just effectively show profitability in terms of that falls right to the bottom-line in terms of price.
Joel Ackerman: Yes.
Justin Lake: Got it. And then, thinking about the mix for next year. I know it's possible to say what employers are going to do with this Marietta stuff at this point. But have you built into that range that you've updated any assumption around deteriorating payer mix? Or are you assuming that stays constant?
Joel Ackerman: We're not expecting any material impact in '23 from Marietta, so no change to the mix.
Justin Lake: Got it. And then just a question on salaries and benefits. So and I think that number you would put in for this year in terms of your framework of typically 2% to 3% increases? I think you added something like 75 million for this year, can you give us an update versus that target that extra 75 this year? And then what are you assuming in that number next year? By our calculation, it looks like it might be more mid-single digits assumed again next year? How much above that 2% to 3% normal are you assuming per wage pressure next year?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So Justin as a reminder, we called out a number more like 125 for this year, so call it a salary wage and benefit increase year-over-year in 22 of about 6%. And that's what we saw on the first quarter. It's what we saw in the second quarter. We're expecting that for the full year. As you look forward to next year, we're expecting the number to come down but remain well above that 2% to 3%. So somewhere roughly halfway between the 3% and the 6% number.
Justin Lake: Okay. Thats helpful. Appreciate the comments.
Operator: Your next caller is Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead, sir.
Pito Chickering: Hey, good afternoon, guys, thanks for taking my questions. Going back to the IKC part, you broke the $50 million of shared savings and $10 million of prior period, can we just step back a little bit and say, what's changed sort of in 2Q versus what you're expecting at the Analyst Day and expectations? Can you remind us, what's your process for getting true ups from men's care planned at this point? And then any more details as you get this true ups about how these costs savings progressed in '21?
Javier Rodriguez: Well, I'll let Joel answer some of that technical questions you asked. But one of the things that I really want to make sure that we jot down on this one is that this business is -- has a lot more ups and downs. And to look at it quarter-over-quarter, its probably not a great way to look at it, but rather to look at it on an annual basis because of these true ups and the lumpiness and the seasonality of the flu and all the things that happen in this type of business. But that said, Joel, one chance at the technical part.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So the prior period development is on the snip business and it's no different than the kind of prior period development you'd see in a managed care plan and that's because our accounting there, we take the full revenue and the full expense through the P&L. The $15 million of shared savings, the process there obviously the year has to end, the claims have to run out to some extent, data is exchanged and reconciled and when we become confident that the shared savings numbers are clarified, that's when we will recognize that revenue. So for some of the 2021 plan years, we got that level of confidence earlier than we expected and that's what led to the $15 million of revenue in Q2 versus the back half of the year when we originally expected it. If you step back in terms of where we are versus capital market today, and I'll use specific numbers just to make it clear. So we were anticipating a loss for the year from IKC roughly $175 million. We now expect that number to come in a bit better, maybe I'd say probably a $10 million to $30 million improvement relative to where we were, part of that is prior period development, part of it is a lower cost structure as we're scaling the business, we're seeing some advantages relative to what we thought. But overall, I would emphasize it is still early in the development of this business. We are expecting ups and downs but it was a good quarter for IKC.
Pito Chickering: Just digging there. One more question -- and I'll go to something else. But as you look at your -- the patients that youve got sort of in the first quarter of 2021, I need your color and sort of where those margins are today, are these sort of profitable after 18 months kind of -- any visibility in sort of how you transition from losing money to making money on these patients?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So first, let's be clear, we're not making money, we just had positive prior period development and positive savings, there's still a huge expense base against those. So it's to some extent playing out as we expected with 2021 just the timing is a bit different in the year.
Pito Chickering: Okay. I guess let me ask that in a different way, with what you're tracking today, how fast before you convert from losing money on these patients into making money?
Joel Ackerman: Look at Capital Markets Day, we laid out a plan where the business should become breakeven in 2025 plus or minus as the year where we think we'll crossover anything on our views around the path to IKC profitability has changed yet.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Moving to the cost side of the equation, just a follow-up [indiscernible] questions. How easy is it to hire people today? Where is the turnover today versus the net hires? So how is it progressing throughout the year, and do you see a pressure on treatment growth in the back half of the year due to lack of staff?
Javier Rodriguez: Id grab that. It's hard to talk about the entire country as a unison because there's sub-markets and labor markets are a very different market-by-market. I would say that it feels that we have crossed the most difficult period that this quarter feels a lot easier than last quarter, but that was on the hardest quarter in the history of the company.  So contextually speaking, it's still a difficult labor market. As it relates to the second part of your question, are there markets where we're not accepting patients? The vast majority of our clinics are accepting patients, vast majority. There are a couple of pockets, five or so markets that are the vast majority of the ones where we have pressure. And so the way to look at it is that if you're a patient, the first thing you want to do is of course, get out of the hospital. There's lots of stress around acclimating to your new life on dialysis. But that said, the most important thing is you want safety and once you get to the right staffing, then you save time away from home in the right location. Right now we have more centers than usual, where a person has to travel longer than they wish, but they are getting placed and so we're working through those dynamics and hope to revert to normal over the course of the year.
Pito Chickering: Great. And three quick number questions. Where is your home penetration today? How should we think about both interests, costs in the back half of the year as well as tax rate? Thanks so much.
Javier Rodriguez: Thanks. On the home penetration we had flattish growth due to all of the COVID dynamics. So that mix is still in the 15% range and as it relates to the interest expense. Joel?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Interest expense, we expect it to go up in Q3 and Q4. There are really three dynamics there, one is just the outstanding amount on our revolver is higher than normal. Second, LIBOR continues to increase and while we are capped on most of our floating rate debt, we're not capped on all of it. And third, because our leverage level is above 3.5 we go into a different tier on our floating rate debt and we're now paying 175 above LIBOR, rather than the spread of 150 above LIBOR. You put that all together, I think, $100 million a quarter of interest expense for Q3 and Q4 is a reasonable estimate.
Pito Chickering: And then, tax rate, I guess, how should we think about tax rate for the back half of the year?
Joel Ackerman: Tax rate, I'd say we're not changing our guidance for the year so staying at 25 to 27.
Pito Chickering: Right. Thanks so much.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Pito.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Sarah James with Barclays. You may go ahead.
Sarah James: Thank you. I was wondering if you guys have given any more thought to expansion of the KPIs to give insight into commercial mix, breaking out things like pricing versus volume, but understand some of the dynamics going on there?
Javier Rodriguez: Sorry, Sarah and did you say IKC? Is that where you started? Or did you say something at the beginning? I didn't catch it.
Sarah James: Yes, I was wondering if you're thinking about expanding key performance indicators, or the metrics you disclosed around commercial mix to break out pricing? So we can understand the dynamics going on a little bit better.
Javier Rodriguez: I think, Sarah, were relying on giving the commentary during the call making sure the analysts and the investors understand what's moving up and moving down. In terms of putting this in a table on the press release, that's not something we've been thinking about recently.
Sarah James: Okay. Are there aspects of partnerships that you guys can explore for efficiency and thinking about companies that look at efficient dosing to help bring down costs or transportation, just anything that would help offset the headwinds in the next few years?
Joel Ackerman: Yes, Sarah. We've been looking at them for quite some time, hopefully our track record, if you look compounded year-after-year, our cost structure has gone up less than a percent over time and so that takes maniacal focus and discipline and execution of some of the type of things that you've said. If you look at ESA, which has been historically our most expensive pharmaceutical, we have personalized dosing and AI algorithms of the type of that you described.
Sarah James: Okay. Any sense on what scale of savings opportunity there could be over time in that area?
Joel Ackerman: Well, it's embedded in the $200 million to $300 million that we cite for next year and so it's in that range right there. And if you look at that slide, we have in there is a -- the cost savings that's embedded in the pharmaceutical line there.
Sarah James: Okay. Thank you.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next caller is Gary Taylor with Cowen. You may go ahead, sir.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good afternoon, guys. Couple of numbers questions, first, just going back to last call and I missed the first couple of minutes here, so I apologize. But I thought on the first quarter, you had said towards the bottom half of the OI range this year you reiterated that range in the release, but is there any commentary around bottom half for this year, does that still hold?
Joel Ackerman: Yes, Gary I think we're sticking with that. No change to where in the range we think will come in.
Gary Taylor: Okay. And then, I hadn't realized before, certainly we've seen the proceeds on the self-developed properties to the cash flow statement, but I hadn't realized any accounting games were running through G&A. So I appreciate you calling that out this quarter. Has it ever been as large as this? Like when I look back on proceeds last year $56 million, in 2020, $93 million. I was just curious if there were any other material gains that ran through G&A?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So the reason it was so big this quarter is it related to one of our central business offices, so a much bigger building historically they generally related to clinics. So the numbers for individual clinics were much smaller but there -- when we were building more clinics historically, there were more of them. So yes, you would have seen numbers like this they were, I'd say reasonably consistent historically. So the reason we call this out is because it was so big and it was anomalous relative to what you've seen recently.
Gary Taylor: Got it. Cash flow a little softer than we thought, DSOs is still hanging up there around 65 and I thought some of that was related to what you thought at one point or sort of a timing related issues. Any updated thoughts on DSO and if and when that could head lower?
Joel Ackerman: Yes, so cash flows were hurt by cash taxes this quarter, so that was the big hit there. In terms of DSOs, we do think there's an opportunity to bring it down. That said, I would call out that the shift to MA from Medicare Fee-For-Service that we've seen over the last couple of years, will structurally increase our DSOs by a couple of days. Medicare is a very quick payer, the MA, DSOs are more typical to the DSOs you'd see in a commercial book and as we have less Medicare Fee-For-Service and more MA, it does structurally increase the DSOs. That said, I think there is an opportunity to bring it down a little bit.
Gary Taylor: All right. Last one for me, can you just -- and I know you guys for obvious reasons don't talk a lot about this publicly, but just [indiscernible] contract, are we back on year-to-year on that now or is that multi-year? How do we think about if and when there's opportunity around rate on ESA?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Gary, good memory, our contract does expire at the end of this year. We have renewed a contract on the ESA front and the savings are embedded in $200 million to $300 million increase year-over-year.
Gary Taylor: Okay. Thank you.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Our next caller is Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. You may go ahead, sir.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Just a few quick follow-ups here, first on leverage, in the press release you were at 3.8 times, can you give us an update on where you see kind of your leverage targets and where you see this kind of going by year end?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So our leverage target hasn't changed at 3 to 3.5 times and I think we've always been consistent that this is a range we want to be in most of the time but not necessarily all of the time and if you go back a few years you would have seen us well above it and well below it. Where we wind up in year end and in 2023, I think will depend on a few things, share buybacks being one of them obviously earnings being another, free cash flow being a third. So we're not, we're not going to give out a number because it will depend on all those factors. But I'd say over time, we continue to believe 3 to 3.5 times is the right range for us and we plan to get back there.
Justin Lake: Got it. And then in terms of share repo, the company has been extremely consistent in deploying cash back to shareholders via repo. Any thoughts on, you talked about leverage potentially being even higher? Is it possible that you buyback more shares over the next 6 to 18 months, versus just free cash flow? Would you keep that at a higher level and use some of that debt to buy back more stock?
Joel Ackerman: Justin, were staying at it, as you know it's a complicated topic but the one thing you can count on is that we're going to stay consistently focused on returning to shareholders. And then, on the margin, the question is, do you get a little more aggressive and you lever up a bit, because you think it's a good opportunity and then of course, you also have to look that the world has a little more uncertainty. There is a little more uncertainty right now and so you have to take all those trade-offs, but everything is on the table.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then just lastly, in terms of leverage, I've gotten a couple of questions just because your debt is trading at a decent discount to par at the moment. Any thoughts on buying back that debt at a discount to lower leverage versus share repurchase?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I mean, we look at the relative trade-offs of -- we think of those both as to some extent opportunities to return capital to our shareholders. So we'll look at both of them, depending on where they're trading. Although I think the history is clear, we tend to lean towards share buybacks over buying back our debt.
Justin Lake: Got it. And last question, just the industry was facing dialysis shortage over -- earlier in the year, haven't heard much about it recently just I know, theyd expected to kind of get back to normal in the June-July timeframe so just wanted to get an update there.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Thanks, Justin. The inventory levels are a little below what they normally are but we've passed the period of high anxiety and having to share et cetera. So I think the worst is behind us and we can move forward.
Justin Lake: All right. Thanks again.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Pito Chickering from Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead, sir.
Pito Chickering: Hey, guys just one last follow-up here, just on that the Medtronic deal that you guys announced in May, just can you go into a little more of a detail on these, the goals or the transaction sort of, so why you thought that was best use of shareholder cash. Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Well, there's not much to report Pito. We're excited to partner and develop medical innovation and technologies with Medtronic. I think the only thing that we have to report is that the FTC has passed the period of Hart-Scott-Rodino and so it's a pro-competitive deal. So we anticipated it to be low scrutiny and that's how it went of course, the FTC can always come back and ask, but that was a positive thing and directionally exciting for us and its early, of course the transaction will probably close in Q1 of next year, and so not a lot more to report.
Pito Chickering: Fair enough. Thanks so much.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, I am showing no further questions.
Javier Rodriguez: All right. Thank you, Michelle. Just got two closing thoughts. First, we've been talking for over a decade about the potential contributions of Integrated Kidney Care toward improving the quality of life of our patients and lowering total costs. Now we have a sizable population, and we are very hard at work, building systems, the capabilities needed to deliver on this potential. Second, the operating environment and macro landscape as we discussed are very tough. I am very proud of the teammates resilience and agility to offset some of these headwinds by creating the cost savers. We appreciate your interest in our company and we'll be talking soon. See you all.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening. My name is Missy, and Ill be your conference facilitator today. At this time, Id like to welcome everyone to the DaVita First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Ackerman, you may begin your conference.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to our first quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. Im Joel Ackerman, CFO and Treasurer. And joining me today is Javier Rodriguez, our CEO. Please note that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our first quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and all subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other subsequent filings that we make with the SEC. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements except as may be required by law. Additionally, wed like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release furnished to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Joel, and thank you all for joining the call today. It is an interesting time right now as our country and our world are facing a unique portfolio of onetime events, all happening at the same time. On the positive side, were gathering and interacting more as communities and society as COVID infection rates have declined. On the more challenging side, were dealing with new economic pressures of inflation, supply channel constraints and the sad consequences from the war between Russia and Ukraine. As our organization works through these challenges, I think it is critical to keep in mind why DaVita exists. We are a patient-focused organization that provides life-sustaining care to over 240,000 people in 12 countries, which is why I want to start the call by sharing clinical highlights. As you know, one of our key focus areas has been improving a patients experience in dealing with their kidney disease, and one way to do this is through focused efforts to reduce the amount of time that our patients spend in the hospital. With our new integrated care partnerships, we have been scaling our models of care and are seeing early results of double-digit percentage reduction in time spent in the hospital, which is absolutely great for our patients and for the health care system. These results are in line with our expectations. The improvement is primarily driven by our care management, our clinical interventions and our focus on the quality of care of our patients. Pure hospitalization translates into better quality of life for our patients and more healthy days at home doing the things that they like with the people they love. We are optimistic about these early results, and well continue to find ways to improve our patients quality of life. Now let me transition to our first quarter performance. In Q1, we delivered operating income of $338 million and earnings per share of $1.61. Operating income was down sequentially, primarily due to typical seasonal factors, continued volume pressures from COVID and higher wage expenses. The mortality rate of Omicron variant of COVID has been significantly lower than prior variants, but the sheer magnitude of cases resulted in estimated excess patient mortality of approximately 2,100 in the first quarter. Therefore, our treatment volumes declined compared to the prior quarter. The good news is that patient infections and mortality rates have declined over the last couple of months, consistent with national trends, and we have not yet seen significant impact from new subvariants. Therefore, were beginning to see positive trends in treatment volumes in both March and April. On staffing, as weve discussed previously, we continue to experience a challenging labor market. Year-over-year, our first quarter field labor expense increased over 6%. The increase is due to a mix of higher-than-normal merit increases, higher incentive pay, increased utilization of contract labor and lower productivity due primarily due to higher training costs and inefficient staffing associated with cohorting COVID patients. While were seeing some positive trends in our ability to fill open roles in our clinics, we expect to experience higher-than-normal, year-over-year labor cost increases for all of 2022. With all of these challenges, we believe its more likely that our performance will fall within the bottom half of our guidance range for 2022. However, there are scenarios in which our results could be above or below this due to the uncertainty of the environmental impact of labor, costs and COVID. Looking forward to 2023 and beyond, were preparing for wage rate growth to continue above average historical levels. To offset this impact, we will need to demonstrate continuous cost innovation. We have already identified a number of cost savings opportunities to help mitigate these inflationary pressures. These include savings from a new ESA contract, G&A efficiencies, capacity utilization improvement, clinical operation optimization and procurement improvements. We expect to start realizing these savings in 2023 with a full run rate benefit in 2025. We believe that these anticipated savings, combined with an expectation of higher rate increases from government and private payers in the future, can keep us on a path to deliver on our long-term adjusted operating income growth of 3% to 7% and an adjusted earnings per share growth of 8% to 14%. I will wrap up my prepared remarks with some thoughts on our Integrated Kidney Care or IKC business. As we shared in our Capital Markets Day, we continue to see significant potential for our IKC business. First, delegated patient volumes are strong and consistent with our initial modeling with some potential upside over the next 12 months. We are on track with our expected ESKD member growth via new payer partnerships, and we are trending ahead of plan on new CKD payer partnerships as payers recognize our ability to effectively collaborate with physicians on managing this patient population. Second, available cost savings may be higher than initially forecasted given strong nephrologist engagement and from the recent release 2023 MA rate increase of approximately 10%. Third, we have expanded the number of nephrologists with whom we are working with in value-based care. We are now engaged in a new value-based partnership with over 1,800 nephrologists around the country with more than 600 nephrologists using an integrated CKD electronic health record. Last, we continue to have confidence in our clinical model, which is now beginning to operate at scale. With that, I will turn it over to Joel to discuss our financial performance and outlook in greater detail.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. First, let me start with some additional details on our first quarter results. The biggest driver of the operating income decline of approximately $50 million from Q4 was seasonal factors. First, there were 2 fewer treatment days, resulting in approximately 185,000 fewer treatments in Q1. Second, there is negative seasonal impact on revenue from higher patient coinsurance and deductibles. Third, payroll tax expenses are higher in Q1. Now moving on to the underlying drivers of operating income. U.S. dialysis treatments per day were down approximately 2,000 or 2.2% in Q1 2022 compared to Q4 2021, primarily due to excess mortality from COVID in late Q4 and in Q1. Higher mistreatment rates in Q1 from the Omicron surge added to the negative impact on treatments. Revenue per treatment was down quarter-over-quarter by approximately $0.35, primarily due to the impact of higher seasonal coinsurance and deductibles, largely offset by increases in the Medicare fee-for-service rate for 2022 and continued improvement in both MA and commercial mix. Patient care cost per treatment was up $4.49 per treatment quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to higher wage rates and the impact of lower treatment volume on fixed expenses in our centers. G&A expenses were down approximately $26 million quarter-over-quarter, largely due to the seasonality of our G&A spend. Our Q1 operating loss for the IKC business was in line with our expectations as we continue to invest in growth. We remain on track for the incremental $50 million investment in our IKC business for the year. In Q1, we repurchased 2.1 million shares of our stock, and weve repurchased to date an additional 800,000 shares since the quarter end. Looking forward to the rest of 2022, in Q2, we anticipate a rebound in operating income as the Q1 seasonal factors fall away, partially offset by the reduction and then the full elimination in Q3 and Q4 of sequestration relief. In Q3, we expect to incur the vast majority of the impact from ballot costs. Finally, Q4 will increase sequentially with significantly fewer ballot-related costs. Now on to our views for 2023. As we shared at our Capital Markets Day, we consider 2022 to be a transition year. We expect to see a rebound in our operating income in 2023, driven by growth in the core business, a reversal of some of the COVID headwinds, no contribution to the industrys fight against ballot initiatives in California and progress in our IKC business. At our Capital Markets Day, we sized this operating income rebound from 22 to 23 between $250 million and $400 million. Our updated view on 2023 revolves around 3 of the underlying drivers. First, we are anticipating continued cost pressures in wages and from inflation that were not incorporated in our prior guidance. The magnitude of these pressures will largely depend on how the labor environment unfolds over the next few quarters. We are preparing for another year of wage pressure in 2023 that runs a couple of percent above our historic levels of growth, although not as challenging as what were experiencing this year. We expect some offset to these cost increases from higher RPT increases from Medicare fee-for-service and other payers, although our expectation is that most of our commercial and MA book will take longer to catch up because of our multiyear contracts. Second, as Javier mentioned, weve identified a number of cost-saving opportunities that we expect will begin to materialize in 2023. While we dont anticipate any significant CapEx associated with these projects, we may incur some onetime expenses associated with some of these efforts in 2022, 2023 and potentially into 2024. We have excluded these nonrecurring expenses from our guidance. Finally, on COVID. Our inability to predict the course of the pandemic remains a source of significant variability in our forecast. Our views of 2023 at Capital Markets Day assumed a scenario in which excess mortality from COVID would be negligible, and we would experience accelerated growth beginning in 2023. As Javier mentioned, although we have seen improvements in treatment volumes recently, we remain cautious about future surges. If we continue to see surges this year and if COVID mortalities continue if the disease remains endemic, the impact of COVID on our forecast could slip from a tailwind to a headwind in 2023. Putting this all together, while its still early to give full guidance for 2023, particularly given the dynamic environment, we currently believe that if COVID largely subsides as a source of increased mortality this year, we feel good about the range of $250 million to $400 million OI increase versus 2022. If COVID remains a headwind this year and into 2023 wed still expect a strong rebound but are not in a position to quantify it given the uncertainty. Operator, please open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right. Great. I guess when it comes to Q1, you missed the consensus estimates by a decent amount. But youre kind of reaffirming the guidance at the low end of the guidance, which kind of implies that the rest of the year is going to play out the way you thought, even though it sounds like these cost initiatives wont help until next year. Just trying to figure out why the pressure in Q1 isnt going to hurt the back half of the year the same way it hurt Q1.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, Kevin. So Q1 was really dominated by 2 seasonal impacts that totaled about $60 million of pressure on OI. One relates to treatment days. There were 2 fewer treatment days during the quarter. And the second -- and thats about half the impact. And the second one is about the seasonal patterns related to coinsurance and deductible, and thats worth about another $30 million. So if you back those things out, there are a bunch of other things that played through in the quarter that will kind of be puts and takes for the rest of the year. But you back out that seasonality, and I think that explains most of the delta.
Kevin Fischbeck: I guess maybe the way to ask the question is, did Q1 come in the way that you thought it would? Because those 2 are seasonal things that you would have known. Is it just the Street didnt model those things correctly? Is that what youre saying? Or...
Joel Ackerman: Id say thats the bigger piece, but Q1 was behind where we expected, and it was mostly around volume. Mortality was higher than we expected. And while we dont -- were not changing our view on mortality for the full year, it came in earlier than expected, and the mistreatment rate was higher than expected. Q1 is typically a higher mistreatment rate quarter because of flu seasonality, but it was even higher than we would have thought, and thats largely due to COVID.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then I guess to the point about the rate opportunity over the next few years to offset these costs, how is the commercial environment? I mean you guys have talked about relatively low net rate updates historically, and so that leaves me wondering whether you feel like you really do have the bargaining power with commercial over time. How do you feel about that ability that when inflation is going up, you do have that power? Or should we still think about weigh or overall rate growth probably being something less than what you think cost growth will be even though it will start to catch up?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, Kevin, this is Javier. Thanks for the question. The short answer is its too early to tell because, as weve told you, we are comprehensively contracted, and most of our contracts are multiyear. So on any given year, you probably have only 15% to 20% or so being negotiated, and so its a little early to tell. As it relates to your question on whos got power, the reality is, as you know, is the payers have more market share than we do in any given market, and so its a good conversation. What were all trying to do now is see if we can align our incentives to get more progressive contracts to save cost to the overall system. And so its a bit early to tell. Theres a lot going on in revenue, as youre well aware since youve tracked us for a long time because youve got, of course, mix and rate and a lot of other variables. But we continue to think that the foreseeable future at least, that the yield will continue to be in that 1% to 2% range.
Kevin Fischbeck: Maybe just last question. I guess the RPT has been aided by the shift into MA. I guess where do you think we are in that shift? I guess we all have the baseball analogy. What inning are we in there? Do you expect to get similar type lifts in 23 or 24? Or are we largely getting to the steady state here?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. I dont know what inning were in, but I think the biggest jump has happened, we went from obviously being subpar in the market to being roughly at market. We continue to see our new patients selecting MA at a higher rate than Medicare, and so we think that it will just continue to be more incremental but slightly higher than the MA market overall.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake: Maybe we can stay on revenue per treatment for a minute. So you said that the seasonality around copays and stuff hurt you by about $30 million. Thats a little over $4 a treatment. So revenue per premium would have been up sequentially about 1%. Given what Medicare rate is doing, plus MA, plus you said commercial mix got better, is there some other piece were missing here besides that on revenue per treatment?
Joel Ackerman: No, Justin, theres nothing that youre missing. I think if you look at the -- I think you called out the right things, and they roughly balance out. There are a few other little things, as there always is a little bit of variability, but theres nothing else to the story.
Justin Lake: Remind me, what was Medicare rate again year-over-year?
Joel Ackerman: Its in the high 1s, somewhere in the 1.7% to 1.9% range.
Justin Lake: Right. So that alone would have gotten you -- my math is a little fuzzy, but it would have gotten you a little over 1% alone. Plus, you said commercial mix got better, so that would have gotten your $4 back. The commercial mix is better, you said. So can you give us that number? And then so what did commercial mix do sequentially? And what did MA penetration do sequentially?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So I think the government rate number, youre a little high on. Theres some Medicare bad debt you have to take into account there. Theres some mix changes within government. Theres flu shots. Theres -- so theres a bit of noise in there, which is, I think, preventing you from getting your numbers to tick and tie.
Justin Lake: Okay. Can you tell me what Medicare Advantage and commercial mix did fourth quarter to the first quarter?
Joel Ackerman: MA mix came out at just under 45% for the quarter, and commercial mix was 10.5%, just under 10.5% for the quarter.
Justin Lake: And what were those numbers in 4Q?
Joel Ackerman: Hold on 1 second. MA mix was 39% and commercial was 10.38%.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then getting back to the sequential earnings, when you said 2Q is going to rebound...
Joel Ackerman: Sorry, I gave you a bad number. Q4 on MA was 42%.
Justin Lake: Okay. So then you said 2Q is going to rebound after Q1 had some -- a couple of seasonality issues. Are you seeing rebound to like fourth -- we just want to try to get consensus and models in line with what youre thinking at least. So is that going to be kind of in line with the fourth quarter? When you say rebound, is it going to be to the fourth quarter level? Is it going to be beyond that? Anything you can help us with there?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Im really reluctant to start giving quarterly guidance, so Im going to stay away from that question.
Justin Lake: Okay. Then youd given us a number on wages. I think it was $100 million to $125 million that you had put incremental to typical in the OI guide. Do you want to give us an updated number there?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I think were now thinking about the high end of the range for that. Q1 came in about 6% up year-over-year. And you can, I think, model that on a base of about $3.5 billion, and were now looking probably somewhere just below 6%. Were now looking somewhere around 6%, maybe a smidge above that for the full year, but that would get you a number consistent with the high end of that range.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then just lastly, the -- a lot of us kind of looked at the hospital rates that came out, and were scratching our heads as to why there -- some of this labor pressure and inflation in general didnt seem to be reflected. I know you guys spend a lot of time talking to CMS. When -- your rates, I dont think have come out yet. But when do we -- when does that start to occur? Do you think that in dialysis rates, for instance, for 2023 that were going to start seeing CMS start embedding some inflation there?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So look, I think the 22 number was higher than normal, and I dont know that we have a whole lot of insight more than you do about why, but Id say inflation is probably a good assumption. Were not going to see the preliminary rate for 2023 until late June, early July.
Javier Rodriguez: But remember, Justin, the formula is not as straightforward as one would think, so you would think that they would grab some kind of either past experience or future experience that was literally tailored to our specific financials. Thats not the case. They literally grab a basket update and do some future modeling and then they apply some kind of productivity index, and then they come out with the number. So its labor based on hospitals, and its 2 years old, and so theres going to be a bit of a lag is the point.
Justin Lake: Thats the issue. Okay. Thats what I was trying to get a little smarter on, Javi. I appreciate that. So youre saying that what Medicare is building in, in terms of whatever inflationary pressure there is on wages or whatever inflation is happening on wages is coming from 2 years ago. So their 23 rate is based on 21 inflation.
Javier Rodriguez: Thats our understanding, Justin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pito Chickering.
Pito Chickering: Going back on the first quarter treatments, I understand the increase in mortality, [increase in] the mistreatments seasonality. Previously, you guided sort of 2022 treatments to be growing to 1% to 1.5%. I guess any changes to that assumption? And then can you sort of quantify the treatments you saw in March and April? And what should we be modeling for sequential treatment growth into 2Q?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So we are thinking the year-over-year treatment growth will be down relative to the kind of 0.5% to 1% that we had talked about in the past, and Id say somewhere closer to 0 is a better way to model it now. We did see a dramatic decline over the course of the quarter. So this is from memory, but the numbers were something north of 1,500 in January, a few hundred in February and then, I think, 150 in March. So the excess mortality number did come down significantly. If -- in terms of how to model Q2, again, a lot of uncertainty here. If historical patterns hold, youd expect to see treatment per day growth in Q2 and the next surge really come in the summer. Its not clear whether historical patterns will hold.
Pito Chickering: So I mean could you give us just any range with what you guys see on your treatments or where its tracking? I guess, in April, sequentially, is this -- should we be growing 50 basis points from 1Q to 2Q? I mean theres more treatment days, but then you also had the excess mortality if theyre not in that round. So I guess just you can help quantify for us treatment growth in 2Q.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So I -- first of all, Id focus on modeling treatments per day because youll just get a cleaner number with the number of treatment days. I think Im comfortable saying its going to go up. Its -- Im not sure Im ready to quantify it yet.
Pito Chickering: Okay. And Justins question on revenue per treatment. I guess theres a lot of moving parts with mix and copays, et cetera. Normally, from 1Q to 2Q, we add in sort of $5, $6 from the first quarter, I guess, around 367 for 2Q revenue per treatment. Is that the right way of thinking about it?
Joel Ackerman: I think your number is right for a normal year. I would remember that we are getting about $17 million of sequestration suspense dollars in Q1. That number gets cut in half for Q2. So well lose, call it, $8 million or $9 million of revenue as a result of that. So that will cost us a little bit more than $1 of treatment.
Pito Chickering: Okay. So sort of 366 is the right way of thinking about in 2Q?
Joel Ackerman: I think thats a good starting point, yes.
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then last question here. On the [IPF Group], did you guys get the true-ups from your managed care partners for 2021? Just curious if you could give us some color on sort of how this patients did in 21 versus your expectations. Any color on the cadence of losses of the patients you had joined you in the first quarter of 21 versus the fourth quarter of 21? I guess what sort of -- how did those losses sort of change? And then the last question is, I saw your [IKC] losses are down sequentially to $370 million in 1Q from $300 million in the fourth quarter. Just I thought that would have gone up considering you bring more patients online. So if you can sort of tie that all up for me, that would be great.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So first, on the 2021 true-ups, theyll come much later in the year. We havent really seen much on that, so weve got no reason to believe anything is significantly different. In terms of the IKC losses, theyre down a little bit in Q1. I think we got some payments in Q4 of last year that -- but its really mostly just normal variability. I dont think theres anything big to call out there.
Pito Chickering: Okay. When do you get the true-ups from your managed care partners for last year?
Joel Ackerman: It varies in different partners, but I would expect most of them will be in the back half of the year. Remember, theres -- youve got to let the claims run out for quite a while until you really know what the numbers are.
Pito Chickering: Got it. And then just last confirmation. Your guidance is for the low end of the range for 2022, but youre still maintaining the $240 million to $400 million. So that mean that we should be -- have our 23 models around 1875 for 23?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So I build the $250 million to $400 million off of the new number we gave you. So I mean Im just doing the math in my head. I think youre in the right ZIP code with the 1875.
Operator: Im showing no other questions in queue at this time.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Thank you. Well, let me end with a couple of closing comments. Patient outcomes and improvements to the quality of life of our patients continue to energize our 65,000 professionals. Because of COVID and inflation uncertainty, the short term continues to have materially less visibility than usual, in particular as we discussed in volume and wage rates. We are deploying a lot of energy to innovate and reduce our cost structure to mitigate some of these uncertainties, and we continue to feel very confident that the investments and capabilities that were building will position us to outperform in the years ahead. I thank you for your time and investment in DaVita. Be well.
Operator: That does conclude todays conference. You may disconnect at this time, and thank you for joining.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-10 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening. My name is Michelle and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you, Mr. Gustafson, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, and welcome, everyone to our fourth quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in the company. Im Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations and joining me today are Javier Rodriguez, our CEO and Joel Ackerman, our CFO. Please note that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our fourth quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and all subsequent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and any subsequent filings that we make with the SEC. Our forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements, except as may be required by law.  Additionally, wed like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release furnished to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Jim and thank you, all for joining today to call to discuss our fourth quarter performance and our thought on 2022. Each quarter for the last two years, I hope its the last time that the pandemic is the start of my discussions with you, yet COVID continues to evolve and have a direct impact on our world, especially on our healthcare system. Similar to whats been seen in the general population, COVID infections within our patient population spiked significantly in late December through January. At its peak, during the second week of January, the new case count was more than twice as high as of peak from last winter. Gratefully, the mortality rate to date, with the latest surge, has been lower than in prior surges. For the fourth quarter, we estimate that the incremental mortality due to COVID was approximately 1100 compared to approximately 1600 during the third quarter.  Despite the challenges associated with COVID, I continue to be in awe at the resilience and dedication of our teammates across the DaVita Village, from our direct patient caregivers to our corporate teammates, all are unrelenting in their commitment to provide a high-quality care, respond to quickly changing environment, and show incredible compassion and support for our patients.  For the balance of my remarks, I will cover five topics; transplant, labor market, our supply chain, Integrated Kidney Care, IKC, and then I will wrap up with our fourth quarter results and our outlook.  First, transplants, at our Capital Markets Day presentation in November, I discussed our focus on innovation to improve the patient experience at every single stage along the patients kidney care journey from delaying the progression of kidney disease to transplant and from acute hospital care to dialysis at home or in center. Transplant is a preferred treatment option for most of our patients. And during 2021, despite the challenges posed by the COVID pandemic, we celebrated with nearly 8000 DaVita patients receive the transplant, exceeding our pre-pandemic level.  With that said, the transplant process is long and complicated, with an average wait time of between four and five years for an organ. Staying active on the waitlist for such a long time is difficult. As a result, patients sometimes miss their window for a transplant. Weve been working to address some of these challenges through our industry-leading transplant smart education program and our partnership with the NKF to help more patients find living donors.  In early January, we announced the acquisition of MedSleuth, who software enables closer partnerships and better coordination between transplant centers, nephrologists, and kidney care providers, with all three working together to support our patient transplant journey. These efforts can also benefit another meaningful goal of ours, to improve health equity. Many process and outcome results in transplant are quite inequitable, different by race and ethnicity, economic means, and insurance coverage. We believe it doesnt have to be this way. Removing barriers to access, making process as easy as possible and providing strong care coordination and support through the transplant journey can all contribute to making transplant not just more available, but also more equitable for our patients.  Now, let me shift to an update on the labor market. Ive been fortunate enough to be part of DaVita Village for over 20 years and in all that time, across my many roles, Ive never experienced the labor market as challenging as we face today. To help deal with the challenge, we have provided incremental pay and benefits to help our frontline caregivers during COVID. Weve also accelerated wage increases with a particular focus on our teammates in the clinics. As previously communicated, we expect higher than usual wage increases in 2022, which will put some additional pressure on our cost structure going forward. We believe this investment in our people will contribute to our ability to track and retain the talent needed to achieve our long-term objective. That said, the labor markets remain highly dynamic and will continue to be a swing factor for the year.  Over the years, in particular, during the pandemic and natural disasters, we have navigated many supply chain challenges. Today, our supply chain has proven very resilient. Currently, were working through a supply shortage primarily related to dialysate, which is a fluid solution used in hemodialysis to filter toxins and fluid from the blood. The shortage has rippled through the entire kidney care community and as a community, we have once again come together in support of our dialysis patients, and thus far have been able to provide uninterrupted life sustaining care. We expect that these challenges related to dialysis will remain with us until the second quarter.  Turning now to IKC, we now have confirmation on the market where we will partner with physicians under the federal government new five years CKCC demonstration. These programs added approximately 12,000 [indiscernible] patients and an additional 12,000 CKD patients across 11 value-based programs in different markets. We are engaging with our nephrologist partners to develop personalized care plan for each covered patient and identify opportunities to improve clinical outcomes and lower costs for each patient. Participating in these and other programs will more than double the number of patients we serve in value-based care arrangement.  In light of our upfront costs of these programs and the lack of shared savings payment, as we discussed in November, we continue to expect that our operating loss in 2022 in our US ancillary segments will increase by approximately 50 million, although this could increase or decrease depending on the number of new arrangements we enter into during the year. We believe that we are well-positioned for the future and in particular, to deliver positive clinical and financial results in our IKC business over the long term.  Now, let me finish with fourth quarter results in our updated outlook. Despite the negative impact of the Omicron surge, our fourth quarter results were slightly above the midpoint of our revised guidance. This resulted in a full year adjusted operating income increase of approximately 3% over 2020. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations grew by approximately 26% year-over-year, and we generated more than 1.1 billion of free cash flow, which we largely deployed to return capital to our shareholders. For 2022, we expect adjusted operating income guidance of $1.525 billion to $1.675 billion. The midpoint of this guidance range is 35 million below our expectation from Capital Markets Day last November, which is primarily driven by our updated views on COVID and labor costs. As we said previously, while 2022 will be a transition year due to some near-term investment and challenges that were facing, we continue to believe that were well positioned to perform across the kidney care continuum in the years to come. We still believe we can deliver the long-term compounded annual growth of adjusted operating income of 3% to 7% that we discussed at Capital Markets Day.  With that, I will turn it over to Joel to discuss our financial performance and outlook in more detail.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. As Javier mentioned, our fourth quarter results were slightly above the middle point of our revised guidance. Q4 results included a net COVID headwind of approximately $80 million, an increase relative to the quarterly impact that we experienced in the first three quarters of the year, primarily due to the impact of the incremental mortality from the Delta surge in Q3 and some temporary labor cost increases. For the year, we experienced a net COVID headwind of approximately $200 million. As Javier said, the incremental mortality due to COVID in the fourth quarter was approximately 1100 compared to approximately 1600 in Q3. While its too early to accurately forecast incremental mortality in 2022, given a significant uptick in infections in January, we expect COVID-driven mortality in the first quarter to be at or above what we experienced in Q4.  US dialysis treatments per day were down 135, or 0.1% in Q4 compared to Q3. The primary headwind was the increasing mortality and higher missed treatments, as a result of the ongoing COVID pandemic. US dialysis patient care costs per treatment were up approximately $6 quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to the increased wage rates and health benefit expenses. Our Integrated Kidney Care business saw an increase in its operating loss in Q4, which is due primarily to positive prior periods development in our Special Needs Plans recognized in the third quarter, an increase costs occurred in Q4, including preparation for new value-based care arrangements effective in 2022.  Our adjusted effective tax rate attributable to DaVita was 16% for the fourth quarter and approximately 22% for the full year. The adjusted effective tax rate was lower quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to a favorable resolution of a state tax issue during Q4. Finally, in 2021, we repurchased 13.9 million shares of our stock, reducing our shares outstanding by 11.5% during the year. We have repurchased to date an additional 1.4 million shares in 2022.  Now looking ahead to 2022. Our adjusted OI guidance is a range of $1.525 billion to $1.675 billion and our adjusted EPS guidance is $7.50 to $8.50 per share. The midpoint of the OI guidance range is $35 million below the $1.635 billion that we discussed during our recent Capital Markets Day due to offsetting puts and takes. First, we have a tailwind from both higher final Medicare rate update, as well as a partial extension of Medicare sequestration relief. However, this is more than offset by headwinds due to the recent COVID surge as well as incremental wage rate pressure.  At the midpoint of our guidance range, we have incorporated the following assumptions related to COVID. Excess patient mortalities due to COVID of 6000. This, along with our normal growth drivers, would result in a total treatment growth range of approximately 0.5% to 1%. A year-over-year improvement to various COVID-driven costs, such as PPE, which will be largely offset by the loss of revenue from Medicare sequestration relief beyond Q2 2022. As you would expect, the high and low end of our guidance incorporates a range of COVID scenarios for 2022. There are scenarios that could lead us to performance above or below this range. In addition to COVID, the expected headwinds I talked about on the Q3 earnings call and then our Capital Markets Day remain. As a reminder, we expect to incur expenses related to DaVitas portion of the industry effort to counter the expected ballot initiative in California. Our guidance assumes an incremental increase of between $100 million and $125 million in labor costs, above a typical years increase, which is $50 million higher than what we communicated at Capital Markets Day.  Third, we anticipate a year-over-year incremental operating loss in the range of $50 million, as we continue to invest to grow our IKC business. And fourth, we will also begin to depreciate our new clinical IP platform, which we expect to be approximately $35 million in 2022 and well begin in Q2.  A few additional things to help you with our current thinking about 2022. We expect to offset a significant amount of these incremental costs with continuing MA penetration growth above historical levels and strong management of non-labor patient care costs. We are forecasting our tax rate at 25% to 27%, due to non-deductibility of valid expense. Regarding seasonality, remember that Q1 has seasonally higher payroll taxes and seasonal impacts of co-payments and deductibles. The vast majority of our ballot related expenses will fall in Q3. We have historically experienced higher G&A in Q4.  Looking past 2022, we continue to expect compounded annual OI growth relative to 2021 of 3% to 7% and compounded annual adjusted EPS growth relative to 2021 of 8% to 14%. Finally, we expect free cash flow of $850 million to $1.1 billion in 2022. As we communicated at the Capital Markets Day, we expect free cash flow to remain above adjusted net income, with that difference contracting over time.  Operator, please open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Sarah James from Barclays, you may go ahead. . 
Javier Rodriguez: Hi, Sarah.
Sarah James: Thank you. Yes, hi. So I wanted to get a sense, as we go through Omicron and we think about the waves that are coming ahead, there seems to be more mild outcomes, like you mentioned today. And Im wondering if thats contemplated when we think back to your Capital Markets Day, when you talked about the 160 million to 200 million in OI drag over the next four to seven years from excess mortality. If that contemplates continuing more mild COVID trends as the years go on? 
Javier Rodriguez: Well, Ill let Joe talk about the numbers in a second but let me just start by saying the way were talking about it internally in the company is that we are no longer going to speculate to how this is going to behave because we have been so surprised over time. We all had such hope when the vaccines came out and then when the boosters came out. And of course, it has resulted in a milder hospitalization and mortality but at the end of the day, I think we can all now accept that no one can speculate where this is going. Our hope is that it does become less impactful in our business and eventually, its something that we can deal with in the normal course of business, but that would not be a prudent thing to assume. So why dont you go ahead, Joel, and talk about what weve built into the number. 
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Sarah. So as I think about how COVID impact will play out going forward relative to a wave like Omicron or a wave like Delta, there are a whole bunch of impacts that COVID has across the P&L. And what weve said and remains to be true that there are a lot of offsets in everything, except the excess mortality and the net impact that we expect from COVID will largely be the net impact of excess mortality. What you see with Omicron is, while, yes, it is it is a milder disease, because it was so much more transmissible, that its still led to a big wave of excess mortality. We saw that in Q4. Were continuing to see that in Q1. So as I think about different variants and how they might play out going forward, I think net-net the question is whats the impact on excess mortality.
Sarah James: And can you update us on in your conversations with payers, if -- when youre talking about future rates youre building in inflationary factors for wages. I dont know if itll be for 24 contracts now.
Javier Rodriguez: Well, those conversations are playing out in real time. But the reality is that as you know and weve talked about for some time, our contracts tend to be longer term in nature. And so the bulk of our contracts are not up for renegotiation. So well have to, of course, assess how inflation behaves over time when each and every one of those contracts comes up. And so right now, there, lets call it in, and what was negotiated previous to seeing this ramp up in inflation. 
Sarah James: Thank you. 
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: And our next caller is Justin Lake from Wolfe Research.
Javier Rodriguez: Hey, Justin. 
Justin Lake: Thanks, guys. Hey. So wanted to go through a few things in detail. First, Joel, you talked about the first quarter being similar to the fourth quarter in terms of the mortality headwind, from an OI perspective. Can you walk us through again, and I might have this somewhere but the OI headwind by quarter, first quarter through fourth quarter in 2001. 
Joel Ackerman: The OI headwind by quarter, Im going to do this off the top of my head, it was in the 30s each of the first two quarters, so mid 30s, 55 in Q3, and then 80 in Q4. And Im getting thumbs up in the room, so I got it, right. 
Justin Lake: Okay. So 80 is the number for Q1. 
Joel Ackerman: No, no, Justin, let me clarify before before you go. What I said in the script was that the excess mortality in Q1 was going to be at least as large as what we saw in Q4, so thats about the mortality. Remember, in terms of COVID impact, excess mortality has a cumulative effect. So adding another 1100 deaths or more, you would add that to what were seeing in the quarter. There are other dynamics, of course, but when you just focus on the excess mortality, which is the dominant dynamic, youd expect that number to go up a bit. 
Justin Lake: Got it. So 50 to 80 might be 80 to 110, something like that, giving it similar trajectory incrementally. Is that a way to think about it? 
Joel Ackerman: That sounds a bit high and I think thats really a function of two things. There were a significant number of missed treatments in Q4, which has it -- is a temporary negative impact of COVID. That would -- we would expect that to go down. And second, there were some non-recurring labor components to the COVID impact in Q4 as well. 
Justin Lake: Got it. Is there a -- I apologize if youve said this, but is there a number like 200 in 2021, is there a number that you gave for 2022, you think thats embedded in guidance? 
Joel Ackerman: Its embedded in guidance. I think, as we think about COVID impact, weve spent the last seven quarters calling it out on a cumulative basis. As we get further and further away from the beginning of COVID, it gets harder and harder to estimate what the cumulative impact is. The baseline is -- were so far removed from the baseline that its hard to talk about the cumulative impact. So were thinking about what -- the COVID thats baked into the numbers as effectively the new normal from which were going to go forward. Well continue to talk about the impact we see quarter-over-quarter, but I think were going to move away from talking about it as a cumulative number. 
Justin Lake: Okay. And then you talked about Medicare Advantage penetration being an offset here. Can you tell us what that was at year end and where you are kind of after open enrollment? 
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, at the end of the year, which is the most recent number I have, Justin, we were at 42.3% on MA. And I think thats the latest one we want to show you.
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, if we think about it for the year, I would say we would expect growth to continue to be strong but not as strong as we saw in 2001. 
Justin Lake: Okay, great. And then last question just on the dialysate issue. Can you tell us -- you talked about that and I know theres been some discussion of this in the industry [indiscernible] apparently has an issue. Can you confirm that like, where the issue is, is coming from? And you said, itll continue to at least the second quarter or you think for the second quarter, is there any visibility on this improving?
Javier Rodriguez: Well, yes, the community -- this is a national issue for all providers, so there has been a shortage in supply. You can trace it back, of course, to the chain supply issues across the country, and the distribution centers and the labor issues. So its a cumulative of all of them. So there was labor, transportation, everything, all came together, as it has happened in so many of the places. What we did as a community is, of course, the first thing is get the clinical leadership to make sure that we were doing safe dialysis, then we started to basically titrate so we would use less of the product, and then we made sure that everybody understood what kind of inventory was at each location, so that we would not have anyone stack or stock inventory. So the entire community did that. The visibility that we have right now is that, again, that will play out and we will be back to normal sometime in Q2 is what were being told and so we will continue in the state where were all, if you will, at a much lower inventory level. That makes  did I answer your question, Justin? 
Justin Lake: Yeah, thanks. I appreciate it. Ill jump back into queue. 
Javier Rodriguez: No, no, no. If it was entirely clear as to this whole notion of why we dont want to go back to this baseline because its so far. So just to put a finger on something that we are all experiencing is travel and entertainment, which we of course, are one quarter over another, you could say we used to have a run rate, as the world actually changed in travel and entertainment, it is going to be completely different. Then we had benefits, which we told you we had a run rate, but the benefits have changed and the run rate. So thats why it starts to get a little harder to go into that and, as Joel said, we want to go now into sort of, lets call it, the new normal and go off of that and so hopefully that made sense here. 
Justin Lake: Got it. Thanks. 
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Pito Chickering from Deutsche Bank, you may go ahead.
Pito Chickering: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Let me take my questions here. Drilling down into the OI guidance for 2022 were down 35 million. Did I hear you right that theres an additional $50 million in labor costs versus the Analyst Day. And then you have to have the more COVID -- excess mortality than youd expected and you now assume 6000 excess mortality, thats in 2022. It seems like a lot of headwinds versus your guidance of laying down 35 million, so just wanted to understand what were the tailwinds versus your previous guidance. 
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, Pito, Id point to two tailwinds. One is the final Medicare fee for service rate came in at 1.9%, which was above our estimate and the second is, we got partial sequestration relief for the year, which is about $25 million. So those to offset those and you wind up with a net $35 million decline. 
Pito Chickering: Okay. And on the excess mortality, I understand that thats impossible to forecast at this point with like 100 for the first quarter. Its a little unclear so what the incidence rate is for new patients entering dialysis. So any chance you can give us sort of the color of how many patients you guys had at the end of third quarter? How many have at the end of fourth quarter and where thats tracking sort of at this point in the first quarter? 
Javier Rodriguez: Im not sure I understand your question, Pito. 
Pito Chickering: Yeah, so I think youve given us the excess mortality for death for the fourth quarter and the first quarter. And I guess, on the other side of the equation that you have extend [phonetic] of new patients entering into dialysis. So just curious if you can give us sort of what -- how many patients you had to be at a third quarter? How many had the end of fourth quarters and so where that is at this point today in the first quarter? 
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, so the patient count is relatively flat. In terms of the underlying drivers that drive the new to dialysis admits, we really havent seen any changes there. It continues at the pattern that we saw pre-COVID and there are really only two dynamics if youre looking at treatment count or treatment volumes or treatments per day between Q3 and the end of the year, and thats one the continued excess mortality that we talked about and the second is the dynamic of missed treatments. So that if youre asking about the pipeline of new to dialysis patients, that remains quite healthy. 
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then from another perspective, as you think about first quarter sequential treatment versus the fourth quarter, we already had the excess mortalities, sort of the time lag between different quarters and then the lost treatments that we had during the fourth quarter due to patients that were in the hospitals. So would we be modeling first quarter down a little bit versus fourth quarter or relative flat sequentially? 
Javier Rodriguez: Itll depend a lot on missed treatment rates. Id say, for the -- actually theres one other dynamic we did make an acquisition in Q4 and that was almost for 1000 patients, a little -- about 750 patients. So that that adds to the dynamic and thatll help Q1 as well. But Id say for the course of the full year, we are -- based on the COVID numbers that we built into our forecast, were thinking of treatment volume growing somewhere between 0.5% and 1% for the year; obviously, as COVID plays out, that number could vary. 
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then on the IKC, I think at the Analyst Day, you guided to sort of 50 million to 75 million of incremental costs in 2022. On the script, I think you said, 50 million. I just want to see if the economic costs for IKC are -- have changed versus what you told us at the Analysts Day. 
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, I think that the number hasnt changed, Pito, so it is the 50 just to clarify, incremental 50. 
Pito Chickering: Perfect. And then, so, one more question on -- for IKC. Looking at the class of patients that you guys enrolled into the first quarter of 2021, in terms of how those losses were in the first quarter when you first got them versus the end of the fourth quarter of 2021? Any clarity on sort of how that class of patients sort of how this loss has progressed throughout the year? 
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, not yet, Pito. Remember, in the first year, we generally drive no revenue. So itll really be sometime in 2022 where well start to get see that playing through in the financials. 
Pito Chickering: Okay and then two more super quick ones here. What were your home treatments at the end of the fourth quarter? How should that progress through 2022? 
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, the home penetration rate was in the low 15% range. Home grew about 3% in the year versus in center, which shrunk 2%. So our continued path to grow home and be a leader in that modality continues strong. Were not guiding specifically on that number for next year. 
Pito Chickering: And then to Justins question on the dialysate supply shortage, is there any inflationary cost pressures, if you have to hit a spot market to get the dialysate required or are those under those contracts? Thanks so much. 
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, thanks, Pito. On the dialysate, in particular, it is contracted, so no is the answer to that one. 
Pito Chickering: Great, thanks so much. 
Joel Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America, you may go ahead.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right. Great, thanks. I guess not 100% clear to me what you guys are signaling about the 2023 outlook. I know so far out, but you gave us some comments last quarter about what 2023 would look like. And it seems like some of the headwinds here might persist into 2023 as far as maybe higher labor costs or mortality being a little bit higher from a starting point perspective, but some of the tailwind like sequestration delay would not. But at the same time, youre also kind of saying your growth rate of 2021 hasnt changed. In fact, 2021 is a little higher, which would point to a little bit higher 2023 number. Im just trying to think directionally, how should we think about 2023 versus your prior comments? 
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, so I would say the following. First, youre pointing out that labor and COVID remain big uncertainties through 2022 and potentially 2023 is spot on. That said, the uptick that weve talked about in 2023, at Capital Markets Day, remains to be something -- remained something that weve got a lot of confidence in. And if I had to bucket them, Id say the easier things that we can anticipate driving in 23 over 22, one would be the ballot initiative going away, right, we dont have those in odd years; second would be IKC will start seeing revenue in 2023 from the big cohort of patients that are being added in 2022; third are a number of cost initiatives that we have that we are implementing across the P&L. So those are the, Id say, ones that weve got a lot of visibility on.  The one we have less visibility on is the COVID unwind. We continue to believe that as COVID moves into the background in the future that will be a tailwind for us. Itll be a tailwind for us uncertain cost items but most importantly, itll be a tailwind for us on patient growth. So our views on those have not changed and if I had to put a number on those, I think you could add those up and easily get to a $200 million opportunity that were going after and that would be over and above the normal growth we would expect in a typical year. 
Kevin Fischbeck: But your current outlook for COVID mortality feels a little bit higher. So I would think that would kind of maybe delay kind of that re-utilization of that 200 million, which might make how much you recapture in 2023 less than what you would have thought few months ago? 
Javier Rodriguez: Well, it will depend on the timing and we dont profess to have a crystal ball about COVID. We wanted to be crystal clear about what we built into our forecast and obviously, it could be better, it could be worse. Depending on how the timing plays out in 2022, there are different scenarios about what this number could look like in 2023. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. Now, thats fair enough. And then, I guess in the quarter, it looks like you closed 30 centers, which I think is like, as many as youve ever closed in a year, like for last decade plus that Ive been covering DaVita. So wanted to understand what was driving those closures in Q4? I guess the year number is twice what you ever done in the year before. 
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, thanks for the question. It is a little higher than normal, although we always have some center closures and consolidations, etc. I think the best way to think of footprint is we have three lenses. The very first one is of course, access to patients, ensure that patients are safe and have the right access. The second lens would be what is the mix of home and in-center and how that changes over time. The third is utilization, which is weve had, of course, because of this excess mortality, weve had some utilization decrease. And then the last is sort of you think of the local market dynamics. And so we want to be really careful and want to be very thoughtful that if you were going to say whats the net takeaway is that we continue to think that we will build less to de novos and more home centers over time. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. But I guess I mean, if the shift -- if youre talking about recapturing the COVID headwind then your low volume this year, I would say that those sites just dont stay open because theyre going to recapture that line over. Is it really more that shift to home is the biggest driver to that or is it [Multiple Speakers].
Javier Rodriguez: If you look at our utilization over time, we actually started to grow less pre-COVID than we had COVID. So the compounding of that actually has our footprint having less utilization than weve had historically. And so were just -- and then you add the dynamic of home growing and so thats what were doing. We just want to make sure that we have the right modality in the right market and so we continue to assess that at every market. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then just maybe the last question, the higher labor costs that youre building in now versus the previous guidance, are these underlying wage increases that kind of increase the base going forward or is there some component of that? I think last time you talked about increased training and things like that. Is there some of that that would go away or is this 50 million kind of added to the base going forward? 
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, its interesting. We were just talking about that because, of course, there has been a bit more turnover and were working on how to get training to be a bit more efficient and effective, but the bulk of the number will stick with us. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, great. Thanks. 
Joel Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Gary Taylor from Cowen, you may go ahead, sir.
Gary Taylor: Hey, good evening. Couple of small questions and then a larger one, the comment about the increase in commercial mix sequentially thats playing out, is that still just the mortality impact the primary driver there? 
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. And the consistent thing that the patients are really valuing choice of keeping the commercial insurance. It has really demonstrated through the pandemic resilience in value of the patient wanting to keep their insurance, and then the excess mortality coming, as you said, from a bigger number of Medicare patients. 
Gary Taylor: And then the mention in the release about part of the revenue sequential growth was flu vaccine. I know thats a seasonal thing for you guys. Is that -- how material is that? And is there any larger pickup in that this year thats material in any way, just given that [Multiple Speakers] awareness? Yep. 
Javier Rodriguez: Oh, sorry. I thought you were done, Gary. The number is immaterial and its actually offset on the cost line items. So its basically a service that we offer to our patients because its good and convenient for them, as opposed to thinking of it as an economic one. 
Gary Taylor: Yeah. Last question. I just want to get your view. I havent heard you guys talk about the Supreme Court case on ERISA plans that have made changes to dialysis payments and benefits structure. I think the oral arguments are coming up on March 1 and presumably a ruling this summer. I think I understand your view would be that its discriminatory practices and I guess thats what the courts going to decide. But what do you think the implications are if the Sixth Circuit is overturned and the Ninth Circuit sort of upheld and it gives ERISA plan some leeway [phonetic], I guess, to pursue cost containment strategies for lack of a better word?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, thanks for the question. And I worry, its a complicated one if people havent been tracking the details. So Ill probably just let me pull up a little and explain the case. And so at the heart of it -- of the issue is Medicare in the Secondary Payer Act, commonly referred to as MSPA, protect patients from direct and indirect discrimination. So thats really kind of the question. And so more narrowly, is there a distinction between dialysis patient or whats in the statute, which is ESRD patients. And so that might sound like wordsmithing but its really at the heart of it.  And so you say, how did we get here? Could you explain how we got here? And its basically as you know, theres a small employer groups guided by third-party benefit design that limited benefit of dialysis patient, and in essence, de facto push them to Medicare. And then that went into certain courts and then as you said, the Sixth and the Ninth Circuit split ruling, and then Supreme Court said they wanted to take it up. We wont speculate on the ruling but youre basically asking, okay, what happens if you do lose, of course, I put -- get my energy from winning.  But if you ask me what happens if we do lose? There are several scenarios, as you know, the Supreme Court is highly nuanced and so it could be a narrow law, which may not have any impact, and they might provide a lot of clarity. And then you might say, okay, well, what happens if its a broader loss? The first thing is, you probably want to quantify it, and I dont think I can help you there because it is impossible to forecast what they would plan do and how would they consider it in the light of their reputation risk, and in the fact that theres all kinds of legal requirements under the ADA now. And in addition, we have discrimination provision in the ACA. And so it might be that were arguing one pillar, but the other two pillars are so strong that actually has no impact but we dont know. We will continue to advocate hard and if we lose, we will continue to seek clarity in a legislative way.  But the most important thing for us is that our patients are protected, so that they have the right to get care just like in any other disease and so we are going to be really, really focused on it and be aggressive, both legally and legislatively, because we believe that our patients deserve it. So I shut a lot, so let me -- because its such an important thing, so any follow up questions? 
Gary Taylor: No, I think -- I mean, obviously, investors want -- are trying to think about how to quantify the possibility of a loss, and Im struggling with that, as well and tend to agree, itd a big step to think a lot of plans would significantly change behavior. So I think for now, I just appreciate what youve laid out there. 
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Gary Taylor: Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Lisa Clive from Bernstein, you may go ahead.
Lisa Clive: Hi, there. Two questions. Just number one, could you give us the percentage of your patients -- of your Medicare eligible patients that are in MA now? I think the last number you gave us was around 41% around your Q3 results. And then number two, just on the labor costs, is it wage inflation mainly or is it also sort of staffing shortages or if you could just give us an idea of how that splits out?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, so quickly, on the MA, its a little north of 42% of our total Medicare patients are on MA. On the labor side, its generally wage inflation that were talking about.
Lisa Clive: Okay. So you dont have a lot of vacancies or needing to use agency staff, that sort of thing?
Javier Rodriguez: No, we do but were pretty good at that being kind of short term. So I think were answering to be as helpful as possible, as youre saying, is this a good stepping stone to go into the future and the fact is that that it is, even though were struggling. One of the things that we do and when we have labor shortages is sometimes leadership, which is fixed salary, well step into the floor, because we have a lot of our facility administrators that are nurses. Thats not something we want to do for a long period of time, its unsustainable, but thats very helpful when youre short staffed. So theres a lot of dynamics, as you know, and interplay when youre looking at staffing, but I think if you were going to say whats the bulk of that number, it is inflationary in the wages.
Lisa Clive: Okay, great. And one last question just on home dialysis, how has the growth rate changed, if at all, over the last year or two? I guess, there may be more interest in it but are you also having more sort of bottlenecks around being able to train patients because of stretched staff that would be helpful to understand how thats going?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, I think COVID, of course, creates some air pockets as it relates to growth and weve talked a lot about during the call, excess mortality. So if you were going to step back and look at the mix overall, in the last couple of years, weve basically gone from a little over 12% to 15% of our patients being in some kind of a home modality. So the modality was driving double-digit growth for quite some time and then COVID occurs. And so what happened during the year, we were between 2% and 3% growth during the year but then again, our in-center shrunk. And so the modality is still thriving, people are still picking it, we continue to create the best home suite out there, surrounding patients with all kinds of things so that they can get on to the modality. As it relates to training, of course, COVID has added some challenges and then also COVID has had some tailwind in the sense that people say, gosh, if this happens again, maybe I want to dialyze at home. Still it is not an easy answer but hopefully those trends give you a sense of the appetite for the modality. 
Lisa Clive: Great, thanks very much. 
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Pito Chickering from Deutsche Bank, you may go ahead sir.
Pito Chickering: Hey there, guys. Thanks for taking my last follow up here. Just a really quick question here and I understand its impossible to model excess COVID mortality from COVID just because basically it is impossible to predict. But could you give us some sensitivities around operating income impact, if excess mortality is 3000 versus 6000, you guys are assuming? 
Javier Rodriguez: I think the rough math on that would be about a $30 million delta. 
Pito Chickering: So basically  
Javier Rodriguez: And thats for the year and that uses a mid-year convention. 
Pito Chickering: Yep. So to assess [phonetic] that differently, if you guys hadnt taken your excess COVID mortality of up to 6000 that probably would have been almost a delta between the guidance you provided at the Analyst Day versus today. 
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, I think that math works, Pito. 
Pito Chickering: Okay. Thanks so much, guys.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, Im showing no further questions. 
Javier Rodriguez: All right. Well, thank you, Michelle, and thank you all for your interest in our company. As you can see, like many other companies, the short term is a tough one with the macro landscape being quite complex and dynamic, in particular, in the labor markets. That said, hopefully, you hear from our voices that in the long term, we continue to build a differentiated capability and then we are very positive on how we are positioned to deliver integrated care for our patients, deliver world-class outcomes, and bring savings to our payers. I would be just remiss if I dont finish by saying that this is all possible because the resilience, the passion, and the dedication of that DaVita team that wakes up every single day to deliver life sustaining therapy. So thank you for your time and well talk again next quarter. Be well.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening. My name is Michelle and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you, Mr. Gustafson, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, and welcome, everyone to our third quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations and joining me today are Javier Rodriguez, our CEO and Joel Ackerman, our CFO. Please note that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our third quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and any subsequent filings that we make with the SEC. Our forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements except as may be required by law. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release furnished to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Jim and good afternoon. Q3 was another strong quarter for DaVita in the face of a challenging operating environment. Despite another rise in COVID case counts across the United States and an increasingly challenging labor market, we continue to provide quality care to our patients and execute on our strategic objectives. I want to begin my remarks by highlighting an exciting milestone, we took past 15% of our patients dialyzing at home. This means that approximately 30,000 of our patients receive the clinical and lifestyle benefits of home dialysis. As we've explained before, to be sustainable provider home dialysis, it requires a comprehensive infrastructure, including convenient and easy access to a home center for training sessions, and recurring visits with our care team. Our current network of centers provides that easy access such that 80% of our dialysis patients live within 10 miles of a DaVita home center. In addition, we continue to innovate on our platform to help make home dialysis, an easier choice for patients and their physicians and to extend the duration on home dialysis once patients have made that choice. A few highlights of note. First, we recently rolled out an enhanced education program along with supporting technology for our new patients to ensure that they receive timely and comprehensive modality education, which is tailored to each patient's individual needs. We also continue to work on additional enhancements and customization to our education process for different communities, such as black and Hispanic patients to improve their chance of selecting this modality and therefore improve health equity. Second, we developed a patient portal and telemedicine platform that supports remote monitoring and communications between DaVita caregivers, our nephrologist partners, and our home patients. Third, we developed a team of industry-leading home physicians to create an expert network, which works closely with practicing physicians and practice leaders to help them understand the benefits of home modalities, troubleshooting complex clinical issues and elevate their home clinical skill. Last, we're testing out our AI and other technologies to optimize PD prescription, alerting physicians in real time when an update prescription might be needed. We will discuss the strategic advantage of our platform in greater detail on November 16 on our Virtual Capital Markets Day. On to our Q3 results. Our business model continues to prove resilient in face of operating challenges. Q3 operating income grew approximately 9% year-over-year, and adjusted earnings per share grew by more than 31% over the same period However, the ongoing COVID pandemic continues to take its toll on too many human lives in the world at large, and amongst our patients. Across the broad US population, the current surge driven by the Delta variant appears to have peaked in early September, with new case accounts reaching approximately two-thirds of the peak during the past winner. Fortunately, within our dialysis patient population, the new case count peaked approximately one-third of the winner peak and mortality rates were relatively lower, likely due to the vaccination rates amongst our patients. Incremental mortality increased from fewer than 500 in Q2 to approximately 2000 in Q3. After quarter end, COVID infections continue to decline, with our new case count during the week ending October 16 down by approximately 60%, relative to the recent Delta peak. Switching to vaccines, approximately 73% of our patients have now been vaccinated. In addition, we've started the rollout of vaccine boosters for eligible patients in accordance with CDC guidelines. We're hopeful that any future COVID surges and breakthrough infections will be more limited relative to what we saw in the peak of last winter. Shifting to cost. Cost management continued to be strong in the quarter, although we are facing the same competitive dynamics in the market for healthcare workers, as other companies have mentioned. Despite these challenges, I am pleased with how our frontline leadership team has been responding. It has long been a key part of our mission to be the employer of choice. How we live this aspect of our mission has been evident throughout the pandemic, as our team has retained relentless focus on the safety and care of our patients, as well as one another. As we have discussed in past calls, we continue to offer a safe and fulfilling work environment and have provided incremental pay and benefits to help our frontline caregivers during this challenging time. These efforts are ongoing. Given the current environment, we expect to provide our teammates with higher annual compensation increases than in typical years. This will put additional pressures on our cost structure but we believe this will help us attract and retain the talent needed to achieve our long-term objective. Just as critical, it aligns with our mission and builds on our history of investing in our people. Finally, I would like to say a few words about Integrated Kidney Care or IKC. Last quarter, we shared details on our planned investment in IKS and long-term opportunity this creates for patients, payers and our shareholders. At the end of Q3, we now have over 22,000 patients in some form of integrated care arrangements, representing 1.7 billion of value-based care contracts. Next year, we expect to approximately double the size of our IKC business driven primarily by our participation in the federal government's news cheap KCC program. While it is still early and contingent on successful execution, we believe that investing in IKC represents a new and potentially meaningful earnings opportunity for us in the coming years. This is another area we plan to discuss in detail at our upcoming Virtual Capital Markets Day. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe for more details on the quarter.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. Despite the operating challenges Javier referenced, we delivered another quarter of strong results. Operating income was $475 million and earnings per share was $2.36. Our Q3 results include a net COVID headwind of approximately $55 million, an increase relative to the quarterly impact that we experienced in the first half of the year. As Javier mentioned, the latest COVID surge resulted in excess mortality in the quarter of approximately 2000 compared to fewer than 500 in Q2. We're also anticipating the mortality in Q4 to be higher than it was in Q2, although we've seen a decrease in the last few weeks that we hope continues. Our current view of the OI impact of COVID for the year is worse by approximately $40 million compared to our expectations from last quarter. For 2021, we now expect a total net COVID impact of approximately $210 million. Treatments per day were down by 536 or 0.6% in Q3 compared to q2. The primary headwind was the increase in our estimated excess mortalities and higher mistreatment as a result of the COVID surge. In addition, the quarter had a higher ratio of Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays, which lowered treatments per day for the quarter by approximately 300. In light of the current Delta surge, and the compounding impact of mortalities on our year-over-year growth, we believe that the timing of a return to positive nag will now be delayed into 2022. Revenue per treatment was essentially flat quarter-over-quarter, patient care cost per treatment was up approximately $5 quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to higher teammate compensation and benefit expenses. This is the result of higher wages, additional training costs associated with an increase in our new hires and seasonality in healthcare benefit expenses, which we expect to continue into Q4. Our Integrated Kidney Care business saw an improvement in its operating loss in the quarter, which is due primarily to positive prior period development in our special needs plan. We continue to expect increased costs in Q4, especially in our projected CKCC markets, as we ramp up staffing in preparation for 2022. DSOs for our US dialysis and lab business increased by approximately three days quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to fluctuations in the timing of billing and collections. Other loss for the quarter was 7.6 million, primarily due to a $9 million decline in the mark to market of our investment in Miromatrix. The value of this investment at quarter end was $14 million. Now turning to some updates for the rest of the year and beyond. As I mentioned on the Q2 earnings call, we excluded any impact of a significant surge in COVID from the Delta variant in our revised guidance, but noted that a wider range of outcomes was possible depending in part on how a fourth surge would develop. Now that we've seen the impact of the Delta surge, we are increasing our estimate of COVID impact for the year by $40 million. Given where we are in the year, we are now incorporating this COVID impact into our revised adjusted OI guidance of $1.76 billion to $1.81 billion. We are also narrowing our guidance for adjusted EPS to $8.80 to $9.15 per share. And we are maintaining our free cash flow guidance of $1 billion to $1.2 billion, although there is some chance that our free cash flow may fall below the bottom end of the range, depending on the timing of our DSO recovery. Our revised OI guidance implies a decline in our Q4 financial performance relative to Q3. This is partially explained by the incremental COVID mortality impact, and by expected higher salaries and wages for existing frontline teammates. Our guidance anticipates Q4 operating income to be negatively impacted by approximately $75 million of seasonally high or one-time items, including certain compensation expenses, elevated training costs, higher health benefit expenses, and G&A. Looking ahead to 2022, the three expected headwinds I talked about on the Q2 earnings call remain. As a reminder, we expect to have added expense related to the greatest portion of the industry effort to counter the ballot initiative in California. We anticipate a year-over-year incremental investment in the range of $15 million as we continue to grow our ITC business. And we will also begin depreciating our new clinical IP platform, which we expect to be approximately $40 million. A few additional things to help you with our thinking about 2022. COVID remains a big uncertainty. We are anticipating the end of the temporary sequestration suspension, which would be a $70 million headwind for the full year. We also expect that some of the costs that spiked during COVID, in particular PPE, may not return as quickly to pre-COVID levels due to the challenges of the global supply chain. Finally, COVID impact on mortality next year remains a large swing factor. Another winter surge would negatively impact treatment volume and could delay the timing of achieving positive NAG. However, if the recent surge proves to be the last significant COVID search, then we would expect a tailwind from lower than typical mortality, which could result in treatment growth higher than pre-COVID level. In 2022, we expect net labor costs will increase more than in typical years as a result of market pressures. Our current estimate is a net headwind of $50 million to $75 million. We expect to offset a significant amount of these incremental costs, with continuing MA penetration growth above historical level, and strong management of non-labor patient care costs. From an operating income growth perspective, we expect 2022 will be a transition year with some significant but largely temporary headwinds to get through, after which we expect our platform to continue to support strong profit growth. While the range of potential outcomes for 2022 is broad, a reasonable scenario could result in an OI decline of $150 million from our 2021 guidance. This includes the impact from the expected ballot initiative, IKC and the increased depreciation. This scenario also includes a modest headwind from COVID, although there are scenarios where the impact of COVID could be significantly worse. Looking forward to 2023, we anticipate a reversal of the net impact of these 2022 headwinds, plus incremental operating income growth, such that we expect 2023 operating income to show a low-to-mid single digit CAGR from the midpoint of our updated 2021 guidance, which would be in line with the multi-year outlook we have shared historically. We expect this to be the result of the lack of ballot initiative-related costs, the recognition of savings in IKC, an improved COVID situation, and continued growth of the core business. We'll have more to say about long term guidance at our Capital Markets Day in a couple of weeks. Finally, during the third quarter, we repurchase 2.7 million shares of our stock and in October to date, we repurchased an additional 1.2 million shares. Operator, please open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Justin Lake from Wolfe Research, you may go ahead, sir.
Justin Lake: Thanks and thanks for all the color here. Let's start on the fourth quarter. You're talking about - it sounds like most of the 40 million of incremental COVID costs are actually happening in the fourth quarter, is that correct?
Javier Rodriguez: Most yes, but there was some in Q3 as well. So I would think of Q3 as 55 million and if you take the number we gave for COVID, for the full year, what would be left is about 85 million for Q4.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then can you help us on the mortality side what you're seeing there? And how much of that 40 million are - maybe we even talked about the 75 million that you talked about serves a higher cost, how much of that's coming from mortality?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, so what we've seen in mortality is a pickup in Q3 to about 2000 excess mortality. Remember, we were below 500 in Q2, and there's no doubt that Delta surge has come on bigger than we expected. And we expect that to continue into Q4 a bit. So if you look at - if you're trying to triangulate in on growth, what you see for the quarter, Q3 over Q2 is treatment growth per day that's down a bit that's largely the result of the excess mortality. Also, there were more Tuesday, Thursday, Saturdays than Monday, Wednesday, Fridays, and that was about a 300 treatment per day headwind in the quarter as well. So that's the - those are the numbers behind it. In terms of the financial impact from COVID, what you're seeing is definitely the excess mortality that hits in Q3, it hits even harder in Q4. You're also seeing some increase in mistreatments, which we've seen in prior surges and we're anticipating in Q4 again, and then you also see some increased labor costs associated with cohorting and stuff like that. So that's how I'd lay out the impact of mortality and other things on COVID in Q3 and Q4.
Justin Lake: Okay, and then, in terms of the 75 million, is any of that - or it sounds like some portion of that is one time, so this is not that the kind of implied Q4 OI. Is that a reasonable run rate or is there , the kind of jump off of, or is there some one-time costs within that 75 million that kind of jump you off a bigger base?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, so I would think of the 75 is coming in two forms, either one-time or seasonal pickups. The one-time things, I call out are some comp bonus type stuff and then training is up when we hire new teammates that tends to lead to a higher training number. So those are the one-time things in the 75 and then there are some seasonal items. There's a seasonal benefit impact in Q4, and also a seasonal increase in G&A. Those are things we tend to see in most years and they're a bit exaggerated this year, as a result of the patterns resulting from COVID. But to get to your fundamental question of what's a good jumping off point, for next year, I think the full year number for 2021 is a reasonable baseline off of which to jump off for next year. If you took Q4 and adjusted for the 75 million, you'd get to about the same spot.
Justin Lake: Got it. If I could squeeze in one more, you talked out to 2023 and a lot of this stuff makes sense in terms of kind of transitory costs. But you talked about two pieces here. IKC savings, right, so you talked about 2022, you could have $50 million of incremental losses. How much better does IKC, with the tailwind in '23 there? And then you talked about improved COVID, can you talk about the tailwind there in terms of sizing? That'd be really helpful.
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. So I'll start with a caveat that 2023 is a long way away and we're even cautious about talking about '22, given the uncertainty. So I wouldn't think of this as guidance but just some reasonable estimates to help you think things through. So on IKC, I think a $50 million reversal of the headwind we're seeing in '22 is a reasonable way to think about '23. So basically, winding up in '23, about where we are in '21. COVID is really, really hard to think about. That said, if you assume that COVID disappears at some point next year. I think the right way to think about it, and now I'm bridging basically from '21 to '23 is we've got a $70 million sequestration suspension. That becomes a tailwind, right. We're getting all of that in '21 that goes away in '22 and stays away forever, so there's a $70 million headwind there. We've got roughly a comparable number of net expenses associated with COVID. Think about labor, think about the increased spend on PPE, with some offset related to T&E primarily and that net number is a $70 million number today, so as that dissipates, what you've really got is effectively a tailwind from that, that offsets the headwind from sequestration and what you're left with is mortality. And mortality today is on a run rate basis, somewhere in the $240 million number and what we would expect is over some long period of time, four, five, six, seven years for that number to go to zero. So as that $240 million headwind we've got today dissipates, then you would see that coming back into earnings over time. So that's the COVID story.
Justin Lake: Thanks for all that. Great, thank you.
Joel Ackerman: And then I'll just add one thing, as you're finishing your bridge. Justin, don't forget that there's a $60 million California ballot that's going to be in '22 - sorry, yeah in '22 that won't be in '23. So, there is another couple numbers to bridge to.
Justin Lake: Thank you.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you. Okay, Michelle.
Operator: Thank you. Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America, you may go ahead, sir.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. One or two follow up on the last question. That mortality number, until I guess you're talking about four to maybe seven years of getting that back, I guess that might be a little bit longer than I might have thought of a time period to think about that number coming back anyway. Anyway, why wouldn't it be something more like three years rather than four to seven?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. So, Kevin, first of all, you might be right and I think there's likely to be a tail to it, right. And we don't know how long that tail is but there is certainly a very reasonable scenario where most of that bounce back comes out - comes back quicker, certainly quicker than seven years and potentially quicker than four years. So it probably doesn't come back evenly over whatever number you choose and I think there's reasonable logic to say you get more early on in that period, and the tail gets a little thin towards the end. So I say you could be right in terms of getting most of it in three years.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, that's helpful. And then I think you mentioned that because of the COVID spike, you now don't expect NAG to get back to positive until next year. I forget what I guess maybe I don't remember if you said that you thought it was going to happen by year end or not? But I guess, is that how we should think about it, that you had the last spike in Q1, and then you thought you might have able to get back to positive by your end and now that we have one in Q3, maybe three quarters later, we'll get the positive NAG is that the right waiting period or -
Joel Ackerman: I think that's, that's a good start for thinking about it. Although this the size of the spike also impacts how long it takes us to get back to a positive NAG, because if the spike is lower, a natural growth can kind of overcome that in a shorter period of time. As I've said, I think on prior calls, I've found thinking about quarter-over-quarter treatment per day patterns to be a much easier way to think about what's going to happen to our volumes, and then ultimately, revenue over the next few years, NAG can be a little bit of a clunky number, when in times like this where there's so much volatility.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then the last question, you mentioned, kind of doubling the size of IKC. And it's not like a big portion that with a government program, I guess, is there a way to break out your view about growth in MA versus the new program?
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. Well, right now, what we're seeing is that more patients are reviewing their insurance and selecting MA and so if you were to look at the broader population, I think the last number I saw in non-kidney is around 43% of patients are choosing MA our number is now getting close to that, we're roughly around 41%. And so as MA grows, of course, that's likely to be a big feeder into the risk because those plans are coming to us and wanting to contract. As it relates to the government, we are in the final stages here of sizing the practices that are really going to enroll and therefore attribute their patient but our estimates have been both doubling roughly from what we have now and we'll give you information as it plays out.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And but again, so MA has already kind of at penetration. The doubling then is from just moving contracts with MA plans that you already have from a fee for service to IKC type structure?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. Yeah. So more plans are wanting to have IKC type structures, correct.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then this last question on that on this then. Is there anything different, are these contracts coming together quickly? So the thing about timing of all this stuff, this year is the first year so I could see a lot of companies dragging their feet, would you expect to largely have penetrated that contract opportunity within MA plans or what percentage of your MA contracts would be this type of arrangement next year? And when will we expect to see the vast majority of them be that type of arrangement?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, I think it's specific by payer, it's quite customized, as we all know, payers have different strategies and different cadences as to where they put their focus. Again, the range of contracts and structures from anywhere from fee for service, paid to performance, gain shared, shared risk, all the way to full risk is basically customized by payer. So the cadence is really customized, we're ready to go and so we're talking to them and there's nothing really interesting to report on timing, per se. It's steady and constant.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, so it's not like a huge drop next year, it's constant growth and increasing that members when you think about it?
Javier Rodriguez: We're not forecasting any drastic change.
Kevin Fischbeck: Got it. Thank you.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pito Chickering from Deutsche Bank, you may go ahead, sir.
Pito Chickering: Yeah. Good afternoon, guys. It's taking the questions, a follow up to Justin's questions and forgive me, there are a lot of numbers sort of on this call. If you take the midpoint of like guidance for 2021 and put a 4% CAGR on that, for 2023, you get to that 1.93 billion of operating income. How much that comes from IKC versus core dialysis and how does IKC change the low to mid single digit CAGR of OI going forward?
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, so in terms of how much of the OI in '23 comes from IKC, again, with all the caveats about uncertainty and everything else, you're really going to see no change in OI and I KC from '21 to '23. That's, again - that's a reasonable scenario from where we are. So if you think about, OI growth, total OI growth '21 to '23, you basically see a zero in that scenario from IKC.
Pito Chickering: Okay. So that sort of 4% OI growth for CAGR of next two years, as hundreds is coming from core dialysis at this point. And even the -
Joel Ackerman: I think, Pito, the right way to think about it is, it's largely coming from core dialysis. There, we've called out a bunch of headwinds and tailwinds, the ones from ballots and IKC kind of offset each other, so they're net zero. The depreciation from our new clinical IP system stays with us and you'll have a tailwind from COVID.
Pito Chickering: Okay, but so let me just work these numbers for a second. If I take again the OI from this year, that's embedding $120 million of losses from IKC. You're saying that by 2023, it will still run $120 million of losses through the P&L on the IKC?
Joel Ackerman: Right. What we're effectively saying is 120 in 2021, goes to 170 next year, and that's the one of the big headwinds for next year, and that reverses itself in '23.
Pito Chickering: Okay. So the full 170 reverses or just a 50 reverses. I mean, just the -
Joel Ackerman: No, just the 50.
Pito Chickering: Okay, got it.
Joel Ackerman: Ultimately our expectation would be the full 150 would reverse itself and the business would become profitable, but it wouldn't happen all in '23.
Pito Chickering: Okay. And from our labor side, as you start think about [indiscernible] costs for treatment, how much of this is transitory from premium labor versus wage inflation, which will continue in 2020? Can you remind us to what your normal wage inflation was and kind of what was your thinking about for 3Q and 4Q?
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, so, the numbers in Q3 and Q4, there is some wage inflation, but where you're really going to start seeing that is next year and I know I went through a lot of numbers quickly in the script. What we call all doubt, at the beginning of the call was a 50 million to 75 million net labor headwind next year and that would be wages, it would be training, and there could be potential offsets from benefits or productivity and stuff like that. But if I think the right number for next year is a net headwind, given the challenging labor environment of 50 million to 75 million.
Pito Chickering: Okay, fair enough. For IKC, will you plan a breakout for the revenues and costs per patients at some point, so we can help model out how that's tracking?
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, I think we're on a bit of a path to continue to create a disclosure package around IKC that will give shareholders the visibility they need into our progress.
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then the last question for me, there's a billion dollars of cash sitting on the balance sheets right now, how much cash do you guys need to run the core dialysis and now, the new IKC that grows in 2022? And how much we think about that going back to this repo at this point? Thanks so much.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, so I would think about us typically needing somewhere around $300 million of cash on the balance sheet just to run the business. I don't think that number will change significantly with IKC, we're not a regulated entity. We don't have statutory capital requirements.
Pito Chickering: Okay, so that's fair to think about, $300 million excess cash [indiscernible] sooner rather than later.
Javier Rodriguez: I'd say yes, on the 700 million of excess cash. Look, we clearly been buyers of the stock. We bought more than usual, since the last earnings call. As we've said in the past, we're not agnostic on price. If we'd like to price, we will buy more.
Pito Chickering: Great, thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you, Sarah James from Barclays, you may go ahead.
Sarah James: Thank you. And I appreciate all of the color about '22 as a whole but I'm hoping that you could give us a little bit more on the cadence of how the year will roll out. So some of those headwinds, are they starting at the beginning of the year, and later on? And then on the labor cost side, we've heard some of the key guys talking about labor costs improving in the back half of the year, and just wasn't sure if that's what you were anticipating in your guidance as well.
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. So on labor timing, I don't think we have a particular view about the macro economy in the labor market, and how that's going to play out. So I don't have anything to add there. IKC, I think you'll see a lot of that starting in the beginning of the year, you'll actually start seeing some of that in Q4, but it certainly could build up over the course of the year. If the ballot initiative is similar to what we've seen historically, it's plays out largely in Q3, although there can be pieces in other quarters. The depreciation number I've talked about is probably likely to be more of a back half of the year event, you might see some in Q2, but it'll be back end loaded. And COVID is complicated, the sequestration, assuming it goes away will happen on 1/1, so there'll be a big hit are related to that, starting in January, how exactly the other costs rollout, hard to predict. Although net-net, you'd probably see that improving as the year goes on, although not that big a number. And I'm not sure how to even help you with the mortality figure. Historically, even when mortality comes down, it still accumulates. Next year, if there is no winter wave and COVID overall begins to go away, I think you'd expect to see that starting to improve over the course of the year. I hope that helps.
Sarah James: No, that's very helpful. Thank you. And just one more here on labor. Can you give us any more color on where you're seeing that labor pressure most acutely? So is it in a certain skill level or type of position that you're seeing it and then how material is that class of employee to your overall FWD expenses?
Joel Ackerman: Sarah, I wish we could point to one but the reality is, while it is more acute in certain geographies, it is very widespread and across most of our clinical teammates, and so it is wide and many geographies.
Sarah James: Got it. Thank you very much.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next caller is Lisa Clive from Bernstein. You may go ahead.
Lisa Clive: Hi, two questions for me. Just on the wage inflation, so Medicare is obviously inevitably delayed in how their rate updates come through. Could you just give us some information on the rate adjusters in your private contracts? Is it similar to Medicare where they're set once a year and are looking at metrics that are somewhat backdated? And then the second question on integrated care, the $120 million of losses still in 2023. I'm just trying to understand this and really sort of thinking about scaling up that program. CKCC is obviously one major driver. How big do you envisage that program getting and I suppose what does the ramp up look like?
Javier Rodriguez: Let me grab the first part and then Joel can supplement. First in case it's useful, Medicare has a basket update and the way it's calculated is not looking at pure dialysis and what's happening to cost either retrospective or prospectively. Rather, there's an economic firm that forecasts inflation and then they subtract what they call a productivity adjustment, which in essence, is a 10 year average that's trying to measure the efficiency of the economy. So as you can imagine, that's got some complexity. As it relates to the commercial business, the way it's done is usually through a negotiated way. And so every single one of them is negotiated individually, and the timing tends to be effective whenever the contract was signed. And so if you think of a contract that was signed in February, usually, the annual escalator would be done in February of the next year. That's the most traditional way of doing it. Of course, there can be other ways that have a pay for performance or other mechanisms. But in general, that's how that works. As it relates to your second question on CKCC, the short answer is we don't know. For right now, it's a CMMI pilot and so it's authorized for two years. Of course, the intent is to try it out and see if it's effective and if it works for the system and if we're doing well by the patient and then I would assume that then Medicare would try to extend it. We try to think of a world where hopefully, you get to somewhere in that 30,000 patients in one way or another being through MA or a CMMI vehicle but we will see.
Lisa Clive: Thanks for that.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Lisa.
Operator: And our next caller is Pito Chickering from Deutsche Bank, you may go ahead, sir.
Pito Chickering: Hey, guys, thanks a follow up here. I sort of want to go back to the IKC losses in 2023. I'm struggling a little bit in terms of losses, you guys are assuming that we'll have there. When the ESCO program has been running, it was so savings right out of the gate. How can you say while we'll still see $120 million in IKC three years out when ESCO is profitable on your one? Thanks so much.
Javier Rodriguez: Well, let me just grab the high level and then Joel, you can separate with numbers. The best way to think of the ESCO is actually not that they were profitable, but what the non-dialysis savings are actually quite good. But then of course, you have to apply the operating model and then you have to load the G&A. And now in the model that we have, we also have to share with partners and so that's how the number sort of trickles down and you have to get to scale. And so a good way of thinking is that once you do all that and you go through all those iterations, you probably will get to a low-single digit OI number and depending if you're grabbing non-dialysis, I would think of it somewhere in the 3-ish percent or so if you're thinking of the entire number, it's 1.5 or so because it's roughly half dialysis and half the other - the other non-dialysis costs. But in the ESCOs, when you fully load them, we didn't make money, rather, people were measuring whether it was effective at reducing non-dialysis costs.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, Pito, the thing I'd add there, how do you paint the kind of the end game there, the question is, how do you get there, and the thing I would remind you is the costs all come up front. You're paying for the model of care to deliver the savings, you're paying for the G&A, you're building capabilities, the revenue is delayed. And we won't see any revenue in year one, year two, we'll start to see some, but the number will grow over time as the effectiveness of the shared savings continues to grow. So there is not a good matching of revenue and costs, especially in the in years. So part of it is the investment in the scale that Javier talked about, part of it is the delay in the revenue.
Pito Chickering: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Gary Taylor from Cowen, you may go ahead, sir.
Gary Taylor: Hey, good afternoon. Just three quick ones, Joel, did you ever give us the quarterly step up in depreciation that you've mentioned a few times, but I don't know that I have it quantified for the current system?
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, it's 40 million is the annualized number, Gary and it'll probably start sometime in Q2, but you'll see most of it in Q3 and Q4.
Gary Taylor: Okay. Just making the note. The other is anything happening on - you cited of commercial - favorable commercial mix a couple quarters in a row? Is there anything happening there besides the Medicare mortality that's changing it, that's worth calling out?
Joel Ackerman: No, I think there's been a very much an appreciation during the pandemic that people want to keep their insurance and they value it, and so it's been very resilient and constant.
Gary Taylor: Got it. And then my last one is going back to - Joel, going back to 2023, so if we take 2021, we walk it down 150 million, but then we're getting back to low to mid single digit CAGR and towards lat one nine and change for 2023. That's about a 300 million, step up from '22 to '23. So the parts of that would be an incremental 50 million IKC, 60 million reduction advocacy spend, some low to mid single digit organic, and then the rest of that whole would be some portion of this gross COVID mortality and direct expenses coming down. Is that the big part of it?
Joel Ackerman: You got it exactly right.
Gary Taylor: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Lisa Clive from Bernstein, you may go ahead.
Lisa Clive: Hi, there. Just wanted to follow up on the private contracting. In terms of the structure of how the rate increases work, so if you have a, say, four year contract, are the rate adjustments for all four years fully fixed at the outset or is there any ability for those rate adjustments to increase if there is higher inflation as you're clearly experiencing now or are they just fully set as a percentage increase and that's over the course of the contract?
Javier Rodriguez: Most of them are fixed lease. So some of them you have to earn your way to them, so they can fluctuate year-over-year depending on performance, but most of them are fixed.
Lisa Clive: Okay, but they would vary based on performance, not on your underlying cost structure.
Javier Rodriguez: Correct. Sometimes, you could have, of course, something that's linked to an index or something like that, but in general, it's defined and understood.
Lisa Clive: Okay, that's clear. Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, I'm showing no further questions.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Michelle. Well, we've covered a lot, so let me just try to summarize as cleanly as I can. Three takeaways; number one, our core business is strong; number two, 2022 will have a lot of temporary OI decreases that will correct back to historical OI in '23; and then point three, our teams are working really hard on innovation to deliver on the integrated care dream. We look forward to discussing our strategy in more detail on November 16, during our capital markets day, and talk to you then. Be well everyone
Operator: And thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening. My name is Missy, and Ill be your conference facilitator today. At this time, Id like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Gustafson, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to our second quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. Im Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. And joining me today are Javier Rodriguez, our CEO; and Joel Ackerman, our CFO. Please note that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our first quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and any subsequent filings that we make with the SEC. Our forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements except as may be required by law. Additionally, wed like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon. We are excited to talk to you today about our strong Q2 performance, our 2021 financial outlook and recent developments on our efforts to transform Kidney Care. First, let me start the conversation with a clinical highlight that kidney transplant is the best treatment option for eligible patients with kidney failure. DaVita has worked hard over the years to help our patients gain access to transplant through education and direct support for patients to get on and stay on the transplantation waitlist. The cumulative impact is meaningful. Last December, we announced the milestone of 100,000 DaVita patients who have received the transplant since the year 2000. To further advance, the cause of transplantation, DaVita and the National Kidney Foundation are collaborating on a yearlong pilot aimed at improving health equity in kidney transplantation with a focus on living donors. Increasing living donor transplant expands access to transplantation by increasing the availability of organ, which has been the limiting factor in the number of transplants performed annually. This pilot provides high touch and customized information to patients and families seeking a kidney transplantation from a living donor. We look forward to learning more from this pilot, improving the health equity of kidney transplant and continuing to be the leader in supporting our patients to receive kidney transplant. Shifting to the latest update on COVID. We have made incredible progress in our efforts to combat the COVID-19 pandemic over the past several months. New COVID infections among our patients continue to drop significantly through the last week of June, down more than 95% from the peak in early January. However, similar to the rest of the country, we have started to see an uptick over the last few weeks. As of last week on a rolling seven-day average basis, new infections are still down more than 90% from the peak. Thus far, our mortality continues to remain low on an absolute basis as we believe that our vaccinated patients are more protected from severe cases of COVID. We continue to educate our patients about the benefits of vaccine to reduce vaccine hesitancy. And we remain confident in our policies and procedures designed to keep our patients and our teammates safe while theyre in our care. Now, let me turn to our financial performance in the second quarter. We delivered strong results in both operating income and earnings per share. Our margins expanded as we continue to manage costs while delivering quality care. As a result, we delivered 6% year-over-year growth in adjusted operating income, and 35% year-over-year growth in our adjusted earnings per share. Our free cashflow was particularly strong in this quarter and we continue to return cash to our shareholders through our stock buyback. With the first half of the year behind us, we are now increasing the midpoint of guidance for the full year. Let me transition to update our progress in our Integrated Kidney Care efforts, otherwise known as IKC. Value-based care for our patients with kidney disease is gaining momentum and appears to have reached an inflection point. We have always believed that coordinating dialysis care with the broader healthcare needs of CKD and ESKD patients could simultaneously improve outcomes and reduce total healthcare costs. For years, weve been participating in a variety of small programs and pilots to build our integrated care capability and better understand the economics. We believe we are at that point now where we are ready to shift to the next stage of the evolution of integrated care. You might be wondering why now. The trend towards value-based care is not new either in Kidney Care or other segments of healthcare. So whats changed to make the developments of scale business viable today? Theres a couple of reasons. First, with the growth of Medicare advantage, payers are looking for innovative ways to manage the increasing number of ESKD patients choosing MA plans. These patients tend to be more complex than most MA patients and should benefit from tailored care management. Second, CMS recently initiated the payment model in Kidney Care. Were preparing to partner with nephrologists and up to 12 markets beginning in January of next year to participate in CKCC voluntary program. Our participation in CKCC model will also provide us with operational scale and more geographies to enter into other value-based arrangements. Lastly, weve increased our confidence in our capabilities to deliver clinical and economic value at scale and have leaned in on our willingness to take risks. We believe were well positioned to win in integrated care because of our strong partnership with nephrologists, our regular and consistent interactions with patients, a broad kidney care platform that spans various modalities of care setting and a clinical dataset and analytics that we use to create, develop clinical interventions to support our patients holistically. We have a demonstrated track record of improving patient outcomes, coordinating care and lowering costs for patients in risk arrangements. For example, in our ESCOs, we were able to generate non-dialysis cost savings in the high-single digit, which translated into more than double the average savings rates compared to the rest of the industry over the life of the program. With our Special Needs Plan, we have been able to lower mortality by 23% relative to other patients within the same center and county. To give you a better sense of the scale of the business, as of today, approximately 10% of our U.S. dialysis patients are in value-based care arrangements, in which DaVita is responsible for managing the total cost of care. It represents almost $2 billion of annual medical costs under management. In addition, we have various other forms of value-based care arrangements with payers, in which we have economic incentives for improving quality and lowering costs. In 2022, we expect our integrated kidney care business to double in size, both the number of patients and risk arrangements, and the dollars under management. We also expect to see a dramatic increase in the number of CKD lives we have under risk in 2022. To prepare for this growth, were currently scaling up our clinical teams and furthering building out our support function, because of the investment, as well as the delays in cost savings impact of our model of care and revenue recognition, we expect to incur a net operating loss of $120 million in 2021 in our U.S. ancillary segment. This outcome is consistent with the OI headwind from IKC growth we called out at the beginning of the year and is of course included in our full year guidance. The doubling of the business next year could result in an incremental operating loss in our ancillary segment of $50 million in 2022. We expect significant improvement in our financial performance beginning in 2023 as we begin to recognize savings from the new contract that we entered in 2021 and 2022. Over the five plus year horizon, we believe that our IKC business could become a sustainable driver of significant operating income growth. Currently we serve approximately 200,000 dialysis patients across the country. We utilize over $12 billion in healthcare services, outside of the dialysis facility, including the cost of hospitalization, outpatient procedures and physician services. In addition, we see an opportunity to manage the care of upstream CKD patients, who currently do not dialyze in our centers. Assuming, that we are managing the total cost of care for more than half of our dialysis patients as well as other CKD patients at low-to-single digit margin, we believe that this could be meaningful financial opportunity. In summary, all of healthcare has been talking about value-based for years. We are excited for DaVita to lead the way. With that, Ill turn the call over to Joel.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. We had a strong quarter, despite the continuing operational challenges presented by COVID primarily as a result of strong RPT performance and continued discipline on cost. For the quarter, operating income was $490 million and earnings per share were $2.64. Our Q2 results include a net COVID headwind of approximately $35 million, similar to what we saw in Q1, primarily the impact of excess mortality on volume and elevated PPE costs, partially offset by sequestration relief, and reduced travel and meeting expenses. Turning to volume, in Q2 treatments per day increased by 0.4% compared to Q1, excess mortality declined significantly in Q2 from approximately 3,000 in Q1 to fewer than 500 in Q2. At this point, were cautiously optimistic that the worst is behind us, but were closely monitoring the potential impact of the Delta variant, especially within pockets of the country that have lower vaccination rates. Longer-term, we continue to believe that we will return to pre-pandemic treatment growth levels with an additional tailwind from lower-than-normal mortality rates. Our U.S. dialysis revenue per treatment grew sequentially by almost $6 this quarter, primarily due to normal seasonal improvements from patients meeting their co-insurance and deductible obligations. We also saw favorable changes in government rate and mix, including the continued growth in the percentage of patients enrolled in Medicare Advantage. Patient care costs and G&A expense per treatment in total were relatively flat quarter-over-quarter. Our patient care costs decreased sequentially primarily due to reductions in labor costs. Our G&A increased slightly primarily due to charitable contributions and increases in personnel costs. As expected, our U.S. dialysis and lab DSO decreased by approximately six days in Q2 versus Q1, primarily due to collections on the temporary billing holds related to the winter storms in the first quarter. The majority of the impact of the storms on DSO and cash flow were reversed in Q2, but we may see an ongoing, smaller benefit to the balance of the year. During the second quarter, we generated a gain of approximately $9 million on one of our DaVita Venture Group investments, which hit the other income line on our P&L. We have a small investment in Miromatrix Medical that recently went public. The value of this investment at quarter-end was $23 million. Going forward, we will market-to-market every quarter. Now turning to some updates on the rest of this year and some initial thoughts on 2022, as Javier mentioned, we are raising our guidance ranges for 2021 as follows. Adjusted earnings per share of $8.80 to $9.40, adjusted operating income of $1.8 billion to $1.875 billion and free cash flow of $1 billion to $1.2 billion. Also, we now expect our 2021 effective tax rate on income attributable to DaVita to be between 24% and 26% lower than the 26% to 28% range that we had communicated at the beginning of the year. These new guidance ranges exclude the potential impact of a significant fourth COVID surge later this year. Ill call out two notable potential headwinds during the second half of the year. First is COVID. We continue to expect the impact of excess mortality will be higher in the back half of the year than in the first half of the year, due to the compounding impact of mortality through 2021. Were also expecting an uptick on costs related to testing, vaccinations and teammate support as a result of the delta variant. As a result, we are increasing the middle of the range of COVID impact for the full year to $170 million from $150 million. That implies a $30 million headwind from COVID in the second half of the year compared to the first half of the year. As a reminder, this is the middle of what is a wide range of possible impacts depending on the impact of the delta or other variants and any additional COVID mandate. Second, we expect to experience losses in our U.S. ancillary segment of approximately $70 million in the second half of the year compared to $50 million in the first half of the year. This incremental loss is due primarily to new value-based care arrangements and start-up costs associated with the CKCC program that launches in 2022. Looking forward to 2022 we do not expect anything unusual among the primary drivers of the business, including RPT, cost per treatment or capital expenditures. However we expect pressure on OI growth from the increased spend on growing our IKC business, the possibility of union activity in 2022 that we did not face in 2021 and the first year of depreciation expense associated with our new clinical IT platform that we have been developing for the past several years. We will provide more specific 2022 guidance on our future earnings call. Operator, lets open the lines for questions.
Q - Pito Chickering: Hey guys, good afternoon and thanks for taking my questions. Lead off here on the IKC that youre talking about that you disclosed in the script $2 billion of gross revenues and seeing that doubling in 2022, can you remind us how that flows through the P&L in both the dialysis segments and in other ancillary services? When will you begin to disclose these revenues and costs on the P&L so you can model it? And then in five years, where do you think this can go? Is that a $12 billion number that you referenced in the script? And from a margin perspective after year one, you put a high single-digit margin on the $2 billion for next year and then additional drag in the $2 billion in new capitated arrangement? Thanks so much.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Pito. I hope I got all of that, but please jump in if I didnt catch it. So starting off, in terms of where it is on the P&L, weve got a segment, our strategic initiatives, which breaks down between U.S. and international. The U.S. component of strategic initiatives is an excellent proxy for our IKC P&L. Weve simplified what exists in that segment over the last few years as weve exited some of the strategic initiatives and other than a couple of small things, its everything related to IKC through that line. So I think as you think about both revenue and operating income using the U.S. component of SIs as a proxy for our IKC business is a really good way to look at it. So thats number one. In terms of where this can go over time, look, there are a lot of questions around how many members we can enroll here, what our savings rate can be, how much of that will ultimately capture. I think a reasonably simple way to model it would be to start with something like a third of our ESKD population in this user a spend per patient, especially if youre looking out a few years of $100,000 per patient, and that will give you a medical cost under management. And then the question is, what percent of medical cost under management that we think can turn into OI. And I would say a reasonable number would be something in the low single digits, something equivalent to what a typical MA plan would drive as margin. So 1%, 2%, 3%, maybe 4% in that range as a percentage of medical cost under management, I think is the right way to think about what the potential for this is in the out years.
Pito Chickering: Okay. This is
Joel Ackerman: Im sorry. Pito, you had  I think you had a third question which I didnt catch.
Pito Chickering: Yes. So theres a few progressions period in there. I guess, will you guys begin disclosing what those gross revenues are as all the patients under management? Just help us model this going forward as well.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So I dont think were not going to disclose a number that we would call gross revenue. I think the number that we will disclose would be what the revenue would be if we used gross revenue accounting, which would be the medical cost under management. And weve seen this before, they were under DMG, they were components of the business that were gross accounting and some were net and we would disclose a medical cost under management or something like that and thats the $2 billion number that Javier talked about in the script.
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then a sort of quick follow-up here on just the treatment growth. Can you guys disclose a number of patients you had at the end of 1Q and 2Q? And Im trying to understand what treatment growth there is in the back half of the year as the excess mortality from COVID hope is behind us. And if we assume it remain at these current levels, is it fair to model treatment growth going positive in the fourth quarter?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So, look, I think the right number to look at is not patients but treatments per day. And the good news, let me try and walk you through, first the good news is treatments per day grew in Q2 over Q1. And I think a sequential view of it will get you a better model than a year-over-year view. So sequentially treatments per day grew in Q2 over Q1 about 400 treatments per day. There is a bunch of things going on in there and so let me try and break it down for you. First, the good news is the new to dialysis treatment starts remain strong. So the question that weve gotten in the past about what has happened within the CKD population as a result of COVID, we continue to see strong new to dialysis treatment  admissions. So we dont feel any pressure there right now. In terms of Q2 over Q1, Q2 did benefit from the storms in Q1, so youll remember the storms in  from Yuri led to lower treatment volume in Q1. And so the comparison in Q2 was a positive there. That said, there are few things weighing on the quarter. First acute volumes are down as you would expect with the pandemic, getting better in Q2 over Q1. Second, excess mortality remained above normal. It was well below what we saw in Q1 came down from 3,000 approximately to less than 500, but its still above normal. And finally, the mix of treatment days in Q2 was unfavorable. We do a fewer treatments on Tuesday, Thursday, Saturdays than we do on Monday, Wednesdays and Fridays, and that was about a 50 basis point headwind in Q2 over Q1. So just to summarize, the good news is, were back to a situation where treatments are growing quarter-over-quarter, the new to dialysis admissions remained strong. That said, there continues to be a bit of noise in the numbers.
Pito Chickering: Great. Thanks so much. Ill jump back in the queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Your line is open, sir.
Justin Lake: Thanks. I wanted to follow-up on the value-based care. So to Pitos question, it would be great if you can give us those numbers. And is that going to be just for the government programs? Are you going to be able to  are you going to also put any kinds of MA value-based contracting, commercial value-based contracting that you have in there thats above and beyond the dialysis side?
Joel Ackerman: Yes, that would include all of that, Justin. It would include MA, it would include traditional Medicare, as well as anything on the commercial side.
Justin Lake: Okay. So, that number will be all profitability, I assume. Does that include or exclude spending on dialysis? When you talk about the margin, are you talking about the $60,000 thats ex-dialysis or youre talking about the $90,000, $95,000 that includes dialysis when you gross-up for the $2 billion?
Joel Ackerman: It includes the dialysis number.
Justin Lake: Okay.
Joel Ackerman: So the patient number would be more like 100,000 or 90,000 depending on what time period.
Justin Lake: Perfect. And you mentioned on the call, in the trend, the press release I should say, that your payer mix changed a little bit to the positive. Can you talk a little bit about commercial volume versus government?
Javier Rodriguez: Justin, the reality is, theres not a lot to say. This is a bit of a numerator, denominator issue. You had more mortality on the Medicare side and the commercial side held strong as people really valued their income and insurance, and so is a lot more resilient than we anticipated. So thats the dynamic that were discussing here. A couple of other things Justin, while youre asking about the value-based care and how do we calculate it with dialysis and non-dialysis. Yes, I think its important to do the math youre doing, you subtract the dialysis. And then you have to put in there that the payer/government have participation in the savings, the nephrologists then has a participation in the savings and thats how you trickle down to the percentages, the 1%, 2% or 3% roughly that Joel talked about.
Justin Lake: Okay, thanks for that. And can you just give  can you help me with the commercial treatment growth in the quarter?
Joel Ackerman: I can tell you, commercial mix was up about 20 bps in Q2 over Q1.
Justin Lake: Okay, great. And then in terms of
Joel Ackerman: As a reminder, you dont get as much from that in COVID when your Medicare patients are passing away as you would in a normal time.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then just last question on, you mentioned 2022. I apologize if I missed this, but the tax rate change for this year, do you expect that to continue in 2022? Or is this a reasonable new tax rate to assume? Or should we go back to the original guidance and assume thats the tax rate for 2022?
Joel Ackerman: Theres still a lot we dont know about how it will play out. I think it is reasonable to assume some if not all of the benefit we are seeing this year will continue for another year, but not in perpetuity. So for 2022, yes, 2023 Id say no.
Justin Lake: Okay, thanks for that. Ill jump back in. Thanks, guys.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Your line is open, sir.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right, great, thanks. I wanted to dig into this, these investments that youre making around this value-based care. I just want to make sure the numbers are right. I think you said $120 million this year and then it sounded like you said $50 million. Do you think $50 million incremental so like $170 million or did you mean $120 million goes to $250 million?
Joel Ackerman: Incremental.
Kevin Fischbeck: Incremental. Okay. Is there  I guess, as we think about that number; is that a net number? If you start to make a 2% margin on the value-based care, is that an offset to that or is that kind of inclusive of any potential profitability?
Joel Ackerman: Its a net number.
Kevin Fischbeck: Net number, okay. And then it sounded like you were saying that the $120 million included the CKCC as well, is that true? And does that number, I guess just sort of think about the $120 million to $170 million and the roll off there, is that all included?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. So, Kevin, the CKCC doesnt start till the beginning of 2022. But we will start investing in the back half of the year in anticipation of that growth. So its not  its expense that we are building in anticipation of growth related to CKCC.
Kevin Fischbeck: Yes. Okay. And then as far as the sequential enrollment treatment growth, I guess, to look like, thats a better way to look at. Theres a lot of puts and takes into that number. I guess what  once you get back to normal, what should that number look like? I guess like 0.4%, Im thinking, 1.6% annualized. Like what do you think when this all normalizes, what is the growth rate and volume? Is it a 2% numbers or is it a 3% number. What would it ultimately annualize to?
Javier Rodriguez: I think at the end of the day, Kevin, one of the things as you heard from Joel, theres a lot of different dynamics and interplay for us. The positive is that were seeing, lets call it the new admin stabilize pre-COVID and so the best data we have right now is that we will revert to the pre-COVID numbers. And so I think thats the best assumption, we keep you posted if that changes.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And it sounds like youre not really seeing anything on the labor side, a number of companies are complaining about labor pressure. I guess could you talk a bit about what youre doing there? And then it sounds like you talked about union issues. I think you meant kind of ballot initiatives right not actually labor costs, but more ballot initiatives that might be a pressure next year?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, so let me grab a couple. Were not going to complain about the pressure, but its absolutely there. It is a very dynamic and competitive marketplace. We continue to invest in a differentiated workplace and find that our teammates find great fulfillment in the purpose of the work that we do. That said, again the marketplace is quite dynamic. As it relates to the second question, yes, we are talking about the union might come up with another ballot. And so weve now unfortunately, every other year have had to deal with it, we hope that they are a little more empathetic to the fact that were in a pandemic in that, it is not a good use of the resources, but we just want to continue to talk about it, so no one surprised.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then last question I guess, as we think about the going to growth in the value-based care opportunity is what youre doing differentiated. Do you think that there is going to be share shifts as a result of this or other smaller players or midsized players going to struggle to do what youre doing and youre resonating with the payers, and so that you actually see a volume lift from this or is this kind of where the industry is going in and your push into this is largely kind of the same so that you wouldnt expect, it is just really more about the revenue and the margin that it is about gaining share?
Javier Rodriguez: Its an interesting play. From our perspective, we believe that were really well-positioned and of course theres a lot of dynamics on volume and mix, how a patient gets to us all the way from a patient choice to a payer choice to physician. And so that dynamic has got a lot going on, can the whole chain there really see the value that we create, I think that over time the answer will be, yes, because the clinical outcomes will show it. And therell be transparency where people say, gosh, if I can live there longer if I can get more transplant, if I can get my CKD and not be hospitalized, I want to go there. But as you know, that takes time. And so, from my perspective right now, Im not assuming a change in sort of a shift in decision making until this plays out a bit more.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right, great, thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Lisa Clive from Bernstein. Your line is open maam.
Lisa Clive: Hi, thanks very much. Apologies if I missed it in the prepared remarks. So what did you say youre vaccination rate was for your patients and also what is it for your team mates? And second question, have you been giving third doses for selected patients, given that the immune compromised seem to not responded well to the vaccines in terms of the efficacy? And then lastly, are you still testing patients and teammates before every session and just wondering how that is going to evolve in the coming quarters?
Javier Rodriguez: All right. But let me grab them and then if I miss anyone want to please come back at me. The patient vaccinated complete with two doses is around 72% or so, teammates is in 68. Were starting to tracking those people that are intend to get a vaccine and were tracking somewhere in the 1% or 2% that are either thinking of getting in their first cycle. To my knowledge there is nothing of significance in the third dosage yet in our population. And so I know that the physician community is discussing it, but I dont have any major numbers on that. And then what was your last question?
Lisa Clive: Just in terms of that
Javier Rodriguez: Testing, we didnt test all the patients. I think that was in the assumed question. What we do is, we of course test anyone that has any symptoms. And then of course our patients get tested a lot more because theyre using so much healthcare than when they go to other physician offices or hospitals or other things, they get tested. So theyre disproportionately tested. But we just test when they are symptoms.
Lisa Clive: Okay, thanks very much.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Lisa.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pito Chickering from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open sir.
Pito Chickering: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the follow-up here. Linking back to the IKC piece as investors are bit confused on these disclosures, my understanding today as you collect $2 billion of sort of gross revenues, about half of that look in the dialysis costs and the other half are in medical costs or other medical costs. So when you referenced of 1% to 4% margin, thats on the full $2 billion, so should we think about instead as a 2% to 8% margin on a $1 billion of non-dialysis cost?
Javier Rodriguez: Either way works, weve decided to standardize on the full cost, but either way is perfectly fine way to do the math.
Pito Chickering: Okay, perfect. And then I will make hit one on patient care costs. Obviously, with our investor concern our labor inflation during 2Q, obviously your cost per treatment were down sequentially driven by a number of areas. But as I think about patient care costs over the next couple of years. Can you give us additional color on what can drive further efficiencies here, specifically around center occupancy increasing and the shift in home dialysis? Thanks so much.
Javier Rodriguez: Well, let me grab it, as it relates to the inflation, of course, weve been very good over time. If you do our CAGR over the last five years or so, I believe were right at 1% or so slightly below. And so we view the levers quite thoughtfully over time in there, we are managing an essence pharmaceuticals, were managing productivity and of course wage rate and theres other things like supplies and other miscellaneous items which we are very diligent on. So we dont think those dynamics will change much other than during COVID of course, the PPE has gone up dramatically and we hope that that stabilizes over time. As it relates to the wage inflation, we have nothing really particular to say about it. We are another player in this really dynamic marketplace and it feels like its shifting quite aggressively right now is that a short period or does that sustain itself. So I dont think I can comment on the multi-year, it is fair to say that we are aggressively looking at all the pharmaceutical and all the options to make sure that our physicians have the choice of their pharmaceutical, but at the best price possible. So I dont know if I got to all of your questions. I think the last part of it was around capacity utilization and of course we are watching it very aggressively. We went from a time when we were very aggressive on the de novo build to. As you can see, we really tapered that back and were building a lot more home centers, which are a lot more capital efficient. We will keep that sort of balance in check, because we know the patients need the interplay between the home and the center and so there needs to be capacity available and as we lost here roughly 5% of our patient during COVID. We are aggressively taking a look at our portfolio to make sure that our patients have access and that we are not having centers that are not the right capacity.
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then, sort of last follow-up question for your, on the IKC at least for now. Is it fair to think about the operating income in the dialysis segment being unchanged as you increase your penetration with IKC patients?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, I think thats fair. We are trying to present this in a way that represents the fact that the business is, they are not independent in so far as they are intricately, they are linked and thats why we think and we are excited about our opportunity to win in IKC, but trying to present them as separate income statements, if you will. So you can assess how the core historical dialysis business doing and how the new IKC business doing.
Pito Chickering: And then last one here. Is it fair to think that kind of as a role just for third quarter results that you be able to give us additional disclosures in the press release around this sort of new segment or division?
Javier Rodriguez: We are taking a careful look about whats the right level of disclosure as the IKC business grows and making sure the shareholders have a good understanding of the economics of the business, the progress, the investment, the spending et cetera, so more to come on where we land on that.
Pito Chickering: Great, thanks so much guys.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions in queue at this time.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay, well thank you Missy, let me make a couple of closing comments. Number one, our core business is strong. Number two, we are entering an exciting and dynamic time with an opportunity to deliver a lot of value for our patients by connecting and coordinating their care with payers, nephrologist and providers. Point three, the clinical and the economic prices are absolutely meaningful and like most valuable prices, there is a lot to do to make the plan a reality. Point four, if for whatever reason we cannot accomplish the desired outcomes the economic risk is limited structurally, because there are termination rights and off-ramps. So in summary, there is a big price with limited downside. So hopefully that helps you think of how were thinking about, sorry that lets you understand a little of how were thinking about it. We thank you for your support and we enter this new chapter together. Be well, everyone.
Operator: That does conclude todays conference. You may disconnect at this time and thank you for joining.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening. My name is Sheila and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Gustafson, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you and welcome everyone to our first quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. Im Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations and joining me today are Javier Rodriguez, our CEO; and Joel Ackerman, our CFO. Please note that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our first quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, and any subsequent filings we make with the SEC. Our forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to us and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update those statements, except as may be required by law. Additionally, wed like to remind you that during this call we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon. Over the last several months, we have made incredible progress in our efforts to combat the COVID-19 pandemic, and its with continued optimism that I provide several updates today starting with vaccination, followed by a summary of the first quarter performance, then an update on our improved outlook for the year, and finally an overview of our ongoing commitment to ESG. Q1 brought a lot of smiles as a kidney care community administered hundreds of thousands of vaccines to its patients. Providers worked closely with the Biden administration, the CDC, and state governments so the dialysis patients could be vaccinated in a trusted and convenient side of care. We knew that this would help our patients overcome transportation and other access challenges getting to third-party sites. And we had confidence that the hesitancy rate would decline when they received education from a trusted caretaker. Thanks to all the hard work by our teams and the government partners, Im proud to say that as of yesterday, 72% of our patients nationwide have received at least one vaccine dose. We also saw an opportunity to positively impact health equity by administering COVID vaccine in our clinics. Similar to the early results in the broader U.S. population in the first few weeks of the vaccine rollout, we saw the vaccination rates for black and Hispanics were approximately 40% below that of white and Asian Americans. This did not sit well with us. We got to work and mobilize our care teams including social workers, dietitians, and medical directors to have one-on-one conversations with patients to address common causes of hesitancy. Our Hispanic patients have now been vaccinated at nearly the same rate as white patient and the gap for our black patients has been reduced to 10%. We are not done. Our pursuit for health equity continues. On to our first quarter financial results, we delivered solid performance in Q1 as our operating margins returned to 15.7% in the quarter, while we continue to lead through the continued challenges presented by the pandemic. And we covered on our last call, treatment volumes declined in Q1. Our treatments per day hit a low point in mid-February, including the impact of approximately 25,000 mid treatments from the winter storm. Since then, our daily treatment trends have steadily improved. If these trends continue, absent any further infection surges, we believe that our sequential patient census growth through the end of the year could return to pre-COVID level, which is what we incorporated in our guidance ranges we provided last quarter. Weve provided a bit more detail on volume that supports our outlook. First, with our update in Q1, COVID case counts and new infections within our dialysis population have continued to decline. As of last Friday, the number of active cases amongst our patient across the country decreased approximately 85% from peak prevalence on January 6, 2021. In the last seven day incidence rate for new cases decreased approximately 91% from the week ending January 9, 2021. Second, were grateful that were seeing a dramatic decline in the mortality rates associated with COVID. We previously shared that the unfortunate incremental mortality associated with COVID was approximately 7,000 in 2020. In 2021, both our patient mortality count and mortality count in the general population peaked in January. In the first quarter incremental mortality associated with COVID was approximately 3,300 lives, with more than half of that number occurring in January, decreasing to approximately 600 in March. It is too early to provide an estimate for April, but we expect the results will improve versus March. Chip into full year outlook. Our view of core operation performance for the year remains largely unchanged from our original guidance. However, now that the likelihood of some downside scenarios has decreased due to the trends I had previously mentioned, we are increasing our adjusted earnings per share guidance range to $8.20 to $9 per share, and our adjusted operating income guidance range to $1.75 billion to $1.875 billion. At the midpoint of our revised adjusted operating income guidance this would represent approximately a 4% growth year-over-year. These revised ranges assume no further major disruption from the virus range. My final topic is our ongoing commitment to environmental, social, and governance matters, or ESG. ESG has become a more significant topic of conversation and investment community over the last couple of years. These are not new areas of focus for us at DaVita. Our beliefs are incorporated into our stated vision of social responsibility that has three components, caring for our patient, caring for each other, and caring for the world around us, including both our communities, and our environment. DaVita continue to execute against this vision, providing top quality clinical care for our patient is at the core of what we do, and because have already spoken at length about our patients care and our efforts to vaccinate our patients, Id like to highlight a few of our achievements in caring for our teammates, and caring for the world around us. I believe that fostering an environment rich in diversity and where we all feel that we belong is imperative to our culture, and how we connect with each other, and how we connect with our patients every day. In our commitment to cultivating diversity is evident throughout the organization. It starts with the Board of Directors currently made up of nine leaders from 67% are diverse, including four women and three people of color. The diversity of our team extends to leaders who run the core operations in our clinics, of whom 52% are female, and 27% of people of color. These results have been achieved through thoughtful and deliberate practices to create a diverse pipeline of talent. In 2021, we published our first report on diversity and belonging, disclosing many of our companys diverse metrics in our ongoing efforts to cultivate a diverse organization in which everyone feels that he or she belong. We also recently publish our 14th Annual Corporate Social Responsibility report and our first ESG report. These reports disclosed the progress we made in 2020 and lay out our ambitious ESG goals for 2025 including goals to reduce carbon emissions by 50%. To have vendors representing 70% of emission set climate change goals and to achieve engagement scores of 84% or higher among our teammates population. We are pleased with our progress to date on diversity and ESG. And as you can see by our goal, we have a lot more we hope to accomplish. With that, Ill turn the call over to Joe.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. Q1 was a strong start to the year with solid financial performance. For the quarter, we recorded revenue of approximately $2.8 billion operating income of $443 million and earnings per share of $2.09. As Javier referenced, treatment volume was a large headwind and our non-acquired growth was negative 2.2% compared to negative 0.3% in Q4. While COVID presented the main challenge to NAG in Q1. Winter storms, particularly Uri were responsible for about 30 basis points of the NAG decline, treatments per day bottomed out during the first quarter. So we expect to start seeing quarter-over-quarter growth in Q2. We continue to expect that NAG will be negative for the year, although we expect to see an acceleration of NAG in 2022 and 2023 as mortality rates may be lower than the pre-COVID levels for a few years. U.S. dialysis revenue per treatment grew sequentially by almost $3 this quarter, as a result of the Medicare rate increase, higher enrollment in MA plan, a slight improvement in commercial mix and higher volume from our hospital services business. Partially offset by the seasonal impact of coinsurance and deductible. U.S. dialysis patient care costs declined sequentially by approximately $6 per treatment, although we continue to experience elevated costs due to the pandemic, such as higher PPE, and certain clinical level expenses from continued infection control protocol. Our Q1 patient care costs included in nearly $2 per treatment benefit from our power purchase agreement, benefits that we do not expect to persist through the rest of the year. For the quarter, the net headwind related to COVID was approximately $35 million, consisting primarily of higher PPE costs, and the compounding effect of patient mortality associated with COVID partially offset by the benefit from the sequestration suspension, with a number of other items that largely offset each other. For fiscal year 2021, we now estimate the net negative impact from COVID to be approximately $50 million lower than our guidance last quarter. This is the result of lower COVID impact in Q1. The recently passed extension of the Medicare sequestration relief through the end of the year, and lower other offsets including T&E in the back half of the year. At the middle of our guidance range, this would equate to a $150 million negative impact from COVID in 2021. Our DSO increased by approximately seven days in Q1 versus Q4, primarily due to temporary billing holds related to the winter storms and the changes in calcimimetics reimbursement. In certain circumstances, we hold claim to make sure we have complete an accurate charge information for payments. This quarter, we had more of these holds, and the last, single largest driver was related to winter storm Uri, which impacted more than 600 of our centers until right in the middle of the quarter. This has the effect of pushing a significant amount of cash flow from this quarter to the next and cause the corresponding DSO increase in the interim. While claim hold shift cash flow between quarters, they have no negative impact and what we ultimately expect to collect. Weve already seen a significant increase in cash collections in April and expect a corresponding positive impact on both cash flow and DSOs over the next two quarters. A couple of final points. In the first quarter, we repurchase 2.9 million shares of our common stock and to-date in April, we repurchase approximately one million additional shares. Debt expense was $67 million for the quarter. We expect quarterly debt expense to increase to approximately $75 million beginning next quarter as a result of the $1 billion of notes issued in late February. Before we open up the line for Q&A, let me share some reflections. Over the past year, our teams and our business experienced unusual volatility and challenges due to the pandemic. We have weathered this very difficult period because of our dedication of our people, our scale, our innovation, in holistic platform and approach to patient care. As I look forward, our organization is stronger. Our relationships with patients have deepened, that have even more resolved that our comprehensive kidney care platform is well positioned to deliver a best-in-class value proposition for our patients, physicians and hospitals and payer partners. Now, lets open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Pito Chickering: Good afternoon, guys, and thanks for taking my questions. First one is on the operating income guidance that you raised it by 3.5% or about $63 million at the midpoint. And you talked about some of the gives and takes sequestration and/or impact in COVID and lower sort of costs in the back half of year. Can you sort of help us quantify which were the drivers of those?
Joel Ackerman: Sure. Hello, Pito, its Joel here. So I would think about three things really. We beat this quarter, so obviously that helps with the full year. Sequestration was the biggest driver here and thats about $50 million. And then looking towards the back half of the year, weve taken down some of the COVID offsets that we were expecting from G&A and T&E. As things get a little bit better, we were not expecting as much offset in Q3 and Q4. So you put that all together and thats where youll wind up.
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then the treatment growth declined 1.3% sequentially and 2.2% year-over-year. I understand there are a lot of missed treatments from host relations from the storms. Theyre offset by your acute business and obviously the mortality issue. With that being said, is there any chance you can give us monthly treatments during the quarter and through April? Or just help us understand the pace of recovery and how you plan to get back to patient census to pre-COVID levels by the end of the year.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Pito, I appreciate the question. Were not going to give monthly, but let me try and help out a little bit. February was the bottom. And that was driven largely by the mortality issue, but also Uri the storm resulting in about 25,000 missed treatments. We saw recovery in March both as the mortality issue got better as well as the recovery after the storm, and then April trended a little better from there as well. I think its a little early to quantify it and try and use a number to draw a trend line. These numbers can bounce around a bit. So thats where we are.
Pito Chickering: And the last question, the revenue per treatment was pretty strong, with all the items you laid out. So two quick questions. The first is how much did co-pay pressure did you see in the first quarter? So what would be a good assumption for revenue per treatment in 2Q? And as you look forward for the next couple of years, is there a reason why a 2% revenue per treatment growth wouldnt be the right assumption to make?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So a couple of things Id highlight about Q1 RPT. In terms of quantifying the co-insurance and deductible, thats somewhere in the $5 to $6 of treatment range. So youd add that to what youd expect to see in Q2. We also had a pickup in Q1 over Q4 as a result of calcimimetics. Ill remind you, calcimimetics OI in 2021 will be similar to 2020, but the seasonal pattern will be very different. So we picked up $2  about $2 of RPT in Q1 over Q4 from that. In terms of looking forward about what RPT will look like, weve moved away from guiding on RPT as youll remember. In terms of whats a reasonable number, is 2% reasonable? I wouldnt say its unreasonable, but it might be a little on the high end of the range that I probably think about, but well have more to say on 2022 RPT obviously later in the year.
Pito Chickering: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question
Joel Ackerman: Im sorry, operator. Pito, just to jump in on that, that my comment, obviously, youd have to adjust for sequestration, which would go away presumably between 2022 and 2021 and that would be a big number.
Pito Chickering: Yes, of course. Its more so just excluding sequestration to gives and takes within the overall market demand, the shift to MA, was a 2% reasonable.
Joel Ackerman: Exactly.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. Maybe just staying on the RPT for a second. Is it fair to say that when you listed the things that throw RPT in the quarter, that they were listed in the order of importance that the rate update was the biggest one?
Joel Ackerman: Id say there are four things and theyre roughly all about the same order of magnitude, and thats the Medicare rate update, calcimimetics, the mix changes  commercial mix change and then MA. Theyre roughly in the same order of magnitude.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, thats helpful. And then I guess, when we think about the improvement in volumes that you expect to see as the year goes on, how should we think about that from a mix perspective? Is that volume improvement, disproportionately commercial improvement? And does that have any implications for margins or profits?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So Id say the likelihood is that the mix will be more Medicare than commercial. Remember, the mortality weve seen as a result of COVID was disproportionate in the older population as you would expect, and our older population is disproportionately Medicare. So as you see the unwind happen from COVID over the next X number of years, we think that would lead to a lower kind of our commercial mix trending down a bit. In terms of the implications for margin, theres an offset to that, recognizing that these new patients will be filling unused capacity and that would have a tendency to drive margins up. How those two  those countervailing forces play forth, remains to be seen and its a tough number to predict its dependent on a lot of the some of the underlying assumptions.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, thats helpful. If it wasnt 100%, clear to me, what you were saying as far as your bridge to the guidance. Youve said he took down some of the COVID offsets, does that  are you basically saying that you were prepared for things to get worse, and you had cost cuts all lined up and now that things are coming in better you dont feel the need to push that as much as that?
Joel Ackerman: No, our T&E is down. And its been down since the beginning of COVID, as teammates travel less, and we had modeled that continuing through the end of the year. And now we think, for example, that T&E in Q3 and Q4 could return closer to pre-COVID levels. So the offset, the benefit we got from lower T&E is probably going to be less than we anticipated.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, thats helpful. And I guess last question, can you give an update on your contracting outlook for Medicare Advantage. Are there any large books of business that are up for renewal next year? And how are things going on as far as rates and conversations around going to more value based models?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, Kevin, this is Javier. How are you? Thanks for the question. Let me just start off by saying that there is no spike or change in volume of renewals or anything like that its in its normal cycle. The conversations continue to be highly, highly aligned and trying to make sure that we add more value to the patients and help in the care continuum. So, and the fact that were doing more complicated contracts, instead of a fee-for-service, means that it takes longer. So as it relates to that theres nothing sort of there to talk about, because the outlook is kind of unchanged, and its incorporated in our guidance.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right, thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good afternoon. Few questions to you. First, in terms of the guidance change, it looks like you talked about things getting a little bit better on the COVID front, I think you said $50 million when you knit it all together, and thats basically we took up or what you took the guy by? So does that imply that the first quarter looked better than my model and I think better than consensus? So does that mean that the quarter was actually kind of in line with your views? Or was the first quarter kind of materially better from an OI perspective?
Joel Ackerman: Yes, Id say Justin, the, the Q1 was within the range of what we were expecting, Id say its a little bit on the positive side, but its early in the year to start tinkering with our full year guidance and our full year forecast. So despite what I would characterize as a strong quarter, we chose to keep things in line.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then the $150 million, I think you said Joel, was the net COVID headwinds?
Joel Ackerman: Correct, for the year.
Justin Lake: For the full year. Okay. So, but it looks like that has a bunch of different components, right? If I think about it, theres COVID costs right, as a part of it, theres the negative impact on treatments, then theres the benefit of sequestration, which it sounds like you put in there. And then theres some cost offsets. So, Im just trying to think about, is there any way to help us understand those four buckets?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So youve got it right. And I think it ultimately, its a pretty simple calculation. You take the excess costs associated with PPE and that roughly offsets with sequestration. And then everything else is a wash and what you resulted in is basically, the negative impact of mortality, which is in that $150 million range. So there are a lot of moving pieces, but net-net, they mostly cancel out and leave you with the impact of mortality.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then as you think about the impact on mortality, obviously to your point, we probably saw a bottom in the first quarter, and things are expected to get better through the year. So, Im just trying to think about the pace of that, $150 million, right? Because its the exit rates going to be important coming out of fourth quarter, to think about the impact on next year. So, can you help us think about that, in terms of where you think that impact is in this quarter? And where you think that impact will be kind of in the fourth quarter?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So this stuff gets pretty technical, pretty quickly. But let me try and help you out. I think the way I would think about it to simplify it as you start with what our typical NAG is. And if you want to grab a number, go back pre-COVID and pick something in the low 2%s, 2.2%, something like that. And you really see that impacted by any continued excess mortality. But again, we think thats declining rapidly, youll probably see some in Q2, but going down quickly, again, assuming COVID plays out the way we expect on its way out. But obviously things could be different. So start with NAG, add excess mortality then adjust for what could be a challenge to the pipeline, if you want to assume theres any CKDs for impact. We dont have data on that. But if we look at what we see in terms of new agonists, we dont see any impact there that we dont see any impact from that right now, but youd have to incorporate that. And then we see a tailwind coming up as patients who otherwise would have died in the next quarter or two passed away as a result of COVID. And thats a hard one to measure. So thats how Id model it. If you want to get kind of simplistic and I realize Im throwing a lot of numbers and a complicated story at you. I think
Justin Lake: Im begging you to get the perfect Joel.
Joel Ackerman: You add back the tailwind associated with lower mortality post-COVID. And thats how you start modeling what NAG looks like going forward.
Justin Lake: All right, Ill not smart enough to figure that out. But well talk about it offline. Just last question. The  can you give us the commercial mix change from kind of, what you were looking at in the fourth quarter kind into the first quarter here?
Joel Ackerman: It went up a small amount, not much, but it was up a little bit.
Justin Lake: All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Pito Chickering: Hey, thanks for taking my follow-up questions. A couple quick ones here. Its been a pretty fun two years from a share repurchase perspective, Im just curious, what we think about is the right leverage ratio for the business at this point, it kind of where should we deploy the rest of that into share repo is it around 3.5, at this point so want to just get a feeling for how we should think about leverage ratios versus share repo?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So look, I think weve been pretty consistent on this. And nothing has really changed; we want to be in that three to 3.5 times where were at 3.39. Right now, we did a $1 billion bond deal during the quarter. Cash flow for the rest of the year is likely to be relatively strong. You saw cash flow in Q1 was weak. And we think well make that up over the course of the year, but no reason to think our philosophy and approach to leverage ratio and buybacks is going to change over the near future.
Pito Chickering: Second one is quicker one, what was the percentage of your Medicare Advantage penetration, this year versus last year?
Joel Ackerman: We disclosed last time as our expectation is in line, what we said was mid-to-high 30% and markets roughly around 43%. So, were slightly below the rest of the market still in the mid-to-high 30s.
Pito Chickering: Okay. So what percent of your patients were treated in the home this quarter, if you see that accelerating, sort of in this post-COVID environment?
Joel Ackerman: The percentage hasnt changed much because with NAG decreasing, but that segment of our business did increase in particular PD, PD grew around 4%. Home hemodialysis, the HH part of it decreased, but net-net thats the segment of the businesses that continues to grow. We think that there is appetite from the physician community and the patients to have more flexibility and freedom. And we are innovating and creating a lot of technology so that the patients feel more comfortable and more confident, more convenient, being connected to our care site. So, we do expect that the modalities will continue to grow.
Pito Chickering: Okay, great. Thanks so much guys.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We are showing no further questions at this time.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay, well, hopefully that short means that it was pretty clear. Let me just say some closing comments. Q1, 2021, in my mind, and in my heart and in many of our caregivers will always be remembered and come with a lot of fulfillment for vaccinating literally 10s of 1000s of patients, in many instances not being dramatic or overstating it literally life sustaining. Second, the quarter financials are pretty straightforward and pending a shift in the virus. We begin a path toward our historical normalization. And then lastly, our teams continued unwavering commitment towards caring and innovating to improve the lives of our patients. We thank you for your interest in DaVita. And we look forward to talking to you soon. Stay safe.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-11 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening. My name is Sheila and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Gustafson, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you and welcome everyone to our fourth quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations and joining me today are Javier Rodriguez, our CEO; and Joel Ackerman, our CFO. Please note that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties please refer to our fourth quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and any subsequent filings we make with the SEC. Our forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to us and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements except as may be required by law. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez.
Javier Rodriguez: Thanks Jim. Good afternoon and thank you for joining the call today to discuss our 2020 performance and thoughts on 2021. For DaVita, 2020 showcased our caregivers and their commitment to patients with kidney disease. COVID created challenges that we could never have imagined one year ago. These challenges clinical, operational, and financial led to opportunities for us to harness the strength of our teams and our platforms to support our patients and our community. When I reflect on the year, three things particularly stand out. First, our caregivers team's focus on health and safety of our patients; second, the creativity and innovation showed by our organization to adopt to the changing landscape; and third, the love, empathy, and dedication of our teams to each other and to our patients. Despite the good work in 2020, the challenges of COVID remain. The latest surge has been particularly difficult for our patients and our care teams. The disproportionate impact COVID has on patients with underlying health issues and the elderly continues to manifest itself in the dialysis community. The high rates of patient mortality that we talked about last quarter, unfortunately accelerated in November and continued through January. We estimate that our patient census at the end of 2020 was approximately 7,000 less than what it would have been otherwise absent COVID. As we look to the future, some leading indicators such as fewer new COVID cases, fewer hospitalizations, and the recent vaccination efforts give us hope. This leads me to our clinical focus on vaccine. Over the past few months, we've been engaging with the federal government, with state agencies, and the CDC to identify ways for our caregivers and patients to gain access to the vaccine. We are uniquely positioned to administer vaccine safely and efficiently in our clinics given our infrastructure, our clinical expertise delivering flu vaccines each year, and our ability to monitor patients' health each week. Our conversations with the CDC and federal government are ongoing and we're getting set up in their direct vaccine distribution system to be ready to start the moment we get the green light. In states like Minnesota and several large counties across California where we have been able to secure direct allocation, vaccination rates are as high as 70%, both because we have access but also because general accepted rates are higher when patients see other patients receiving the vaccine. Across much of the rest of the country, the logistics are signing up and the access at separate vaccine sites has been challenging for many patients. Therefore, our ultimate goal remains to obtain direct allocation from the federal government. Now, on to our financial performance. Despite the challenges of COVID, we significantly outperformed our original financial guidance for 2020. And we knew it would be a tough year to deliver profit growth given the headwinds from calcimimetic revenue decline and the cost of fighting the ballot initiative in California. When COVID hit, [indiscernible] growth only increased as COVID created significant uncertainty on our financial results. Despite this uncertainty, we grew our adjusted operating income by double digits, absent the impact of calcimimetics, ballot cost, and net COVID impact. We delivered growth in adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations of 34% and generated free cash flow from continuing operations of almost $1.2 billion, while returning $1.4 billion to our shareholders through our share buyback. In Q4 specifically, we experienced a net COVID impact of approximately $60 million, which was higher than we expected. Through the first three quarters of the year, the net COVID impact was reduced as the increased costs associated with COVID were offset by lower benefits, travel, and G&A spend. In Q4, we saw an accelerated impact of higher mortality coming out of the holiday season combined with fewer offsets in benefits and G&A expenses. The result was a negative COVID impact that was roughly $35 million higher than what we anticipated, bringing our Q4 earnings below the guidance range we provided last quarter. Excluding this increased COVID impact in Q4, our earnings would have been in the middle of our guidance range. As we look ahead to the coming year, our guidance range will be $7.75 to $8.75 per share, which incorporates our expected impact of COVID and demonstrates our belief in the underlying earnings growth of our business. We believe that our core performance in 2020 creates a solid foundation for us to deliver on the long-term financial goals. Before I hand it over to Joel to cover our quarter and our outlook in greater detail, let me touch briefly on our recent Medicare Advantage enrollment. As a reminder, 2021 is the first year in which existing dialysis patients have the option to enroll in the Medicare Advantage plan. Previously, MA coverage for ESRD had been limited only to patients already enrolled in MA plans before kidney failure or to certain patients in MA Special Needs Plans. By the end of 2020, the percentage of our Medicare patients who were enrolled in MA plans was approaching 30%. And based on our preliminary enrollment data, we now expect our percentage of MA patients among Medicare patients to be in the mid-30s in 2021, which is still below the national average. As you would expect, the new enrollment was predominantly for Medicare patients previously without secondary coverage, because these patients will benefit from the expanded benefit of MA and the cap on out-of-pocket expenses. The growth in the ESRD MA population created opportunities for us to build additional momentum toward value-based care that we've been investing. This is an exciting trend and we're eager to lead the way with our payer and nephrology partners to deliver comprehensive care to our patients, which we believe will help lead to better clinical outcomes and lower overall cost of care. Our 2021 guidance range reflects our expected cost and investments to build our model of care for our value-based agreement. Now let me hand it over to Joel.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. I'll begin with some additional color on our Q4 results and then focus on our 2021 guidance. Our full year 2020 results exceeded our initial expectations, and the core earnings power of the business remains strong. However, our Q4 results reflect the strong headwinds from the latest COVID surge. Operating income was $382 million and earnings per share from continuing operations was $1.67 below the guidance from our last earnings call. The middle of our adjusted EPS guidance range contemplated a net headwind from COVID of approximately $25 million. However, as Javier referenced, the actual impact was approximately $60 million. Excluding the impact of COVID, our EPS from continuing operations would have been in the middle of our adjusted guidance range. Relative to Q3, we experienced changes in first, mortality which has had a compounding effect throughout the year; second, a reduction in expense offsets in the quarter particularly related to the healthcare costs for our teammates which have helped to temper the net financial impact of COVID in Q2 and then in Q3; and third higher direct costs related to COVID including certain benefits to help our frontline teammates with the hardships of COVID and higher PPE costs. Other than COVID, notable factors for the quarter include non-acquired growth of negative 0.3% due to the monthly mortality trend worsening during the quarter. Revenue per treatment was up in the quarter as a result of normal fluctuations in Medicare reimbursement and seasonality. Patient care costs increased sequentially, primarily due to various impacts of COVID that I previously mentioned; G&A decreased sequentially, primarily due to the elimination of ballot cost; and we saw continued core profit in our international business offset by a $6 million foreign exchange loss. In the fourth quarter, we purchased 4.2 million shares of our common stock. And additionally to date in 2021, we repurchased approximately 1.1 million shares. So our share count as of today is approximately 109 million. When estimating our diluted share count in your models, you need to consider the dilutive impact of EPS of outstanding equity awards, which in the fourth quarter was approximately 4.3 million shares. Looking forward to 2021. As you can see in the press release, our guidance for adjusted operating income is $1.675 billion to $1.825 billion, adjusted earnings per share is $7.75 to $8.75 and free cash flow is $900 million, $1.15 billion. Our guidance ranges are wider than in a typical year. This is the result of the wide range of potential impact of COVID on our 2021 results.  At the midpoint of our range, we have incorporated an estimate of the net cost associated with COVID of approximately $200 million. Declining treatment volume as a result of higher mortality is the primary driver of the growing impact relative to 2020.  Our guidance assumes that the higher mortality will continue for the first half of 2021 and return closer to pre-COVID levels in the second half of the year as a result of widespread use of effective vaccine. However, COVID does introduce a significantly higher level of uncertainty in our forecast and there are certain scenarios that could result in our performing outside this range.  Looking through the impact of COVID, we believe that 2021 will be another year of solid underlying operating income growth with strong free cash flow and we expect to continue to invest in our strategy and in innovation.  Let me now provide a few additional details on our outlook. Ballot cost should be a significant year-over-year tailwind as we spent approximately $67 million in 2020 to defeat the ballot initiative in California. As 2021 is not a general election year, we do not expect this expense to occur.  Calcimimetics should be relatively flat year-over-year, although the quarterly contribution will be evenly spread throughout 2021 rather than the declining trend we experienced in 2020. Now that calcimimetics has become a permanent component of our Medicare run rate, we will no longer call out the financial impact going forward.  Other swing factors include the benefit from increasing Medicare Advantage enrollment offset by our investment in our value-based program. These investments include G&A costs associated with enhancing our model of care and start-up costs associated with new contracts.  A few more quick notes on 2021. We expect our capital expenditures in 2021 to be similar to our 2020 spend. A reminder that our current run rate interest expense is $60 million to $65 million per quarter.  We expect tax rates to remain between 26% and 28% absent any material changes from the new administration. And as usual, Q1 has two fewer treatment days in Q4 and higher bad debt and payroll taxes. Year-over-year, Q1 will have 0.6 fewer treatment days than last year because of the leap year.  With that operator, please open the line for Q&A. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good afternoon. Appreciate the details there. I wanted to kind of follow-up on 2021 and just make sure kind of I understand some of the moving parts here first. So Joel you said, $200 million from COVID. Is that comparable to -- my math is $60 million this year when I add sequestration in the COVID costs and all the other savings from COVID together? So that would be [multiple speakers? 
Joel Ackerman: Yes and I'll remind everyone that there's a lot of uncertainty associated with COVID. So we tried to be helpful by focusing on a scenario in the middle of our range. But yes, the $200 million is apples-to-apples with a roughly $60 million number from 2020. 
Justin Lake: Okay. And so the mortality is the remainder of that $140 million. And then on Medicare Advantage, were you saying the costs are an offset? Does that mean Medicare Advantage overall is a net kind of wash or is there still some benefit from Medicare Advantage and any color you can add to that in terms of how meaningful it is would be helpful. 
Joel Ackerman : Yes. So the way I think about the MA is the penetration rate went up call it 5%, a couple of percent is what we would normally see in a typical year and 3% is the result of the Cures Act and the fact that some of our patients had access for the first time, and we think about the upside from that 3% and that's in the same range as the excess spending we're doing in 2021 related to the growth of our value-based contract business, what we call IKC or Integrated Kidney Care.  So a positive from that extra 3% and an investment related to Integrated Kidney Care and those two things are roughly in the same ballpark. So think of those as a wash in terms of impact on 2021 OI growth.
Justin Lake: Got it. And then last question for me. I mean, I've been covering the stock a long time and I've always struggled to think about the decremental margins on lost membership or revised [ph] membership patients, right, in patients that have treatments. And I assume the mortality is probably more focused on the Medicare side number one. Can you confirm that to me? And then secondly can you help us understand like -- it's really helpful $140 million, but how much revenue you're losing there so we can kind of try to understand the decremental margin on that lost business and maybe think about as things normalize what that could be going forward?
Joel Ackerman : Sure. So, first let me just clear up -- you keep using the $140 million. Let me clear up how we're thinking about the $200 million. And in many ways mimics what we saw in 2020. I would bucket our COVID impact into three categories. One is the direct costs associated with COVID and think of enhanced benefits we're giving to teammates to help them with the hardship associated with COVID, think of increased PPE spend. So that's bucket one. Bucket two are the offsets, lower T&E, the Medicare sequestration revenue, lower benefits as a self-insured employer. And what we saw in 2020 is those were big numbers, but they generally offset each other. It wasn't true quarter-to-quarter and that's why you see some of the big swing from Q3 to Q4. But if you look at the full year, those two numbers offset each other and the net impact in 2020 was the result of this accumulating lost treatments associated with some of our patients passing away as a result of COVID. So you can think of $60 million as the impact in 2020 associated with mortality. That $60 million in the scenario we laid out grows to $200 million next year. And again in 2021, we're anticipating more or less that the increased costs will be offset by the offsets, although the costs will come down and the offsets will come down, and the nature of the cost will be a little bit different. PPE we anticipate will remain elevated as the unit cost of some of the PPE stays high. Obviously, we'll keep the sequestration for Q1, but that will go away. We think T&E will remain low, but the health benefits associated with teammates will come down. So, again, direct costs and offsets blend to roughly zero and the $200 million is the impact from mortality. Now let me get to your fundamental question. Two things. Yes, the patients who are passing away from COVID are older on average than our average patient. And as a result, they're more likely to have Medicare and the commercial mix there is lower. In terms of thinking about the -- how it impacts our cost structure, it's tough to model. It depends on where these patients are how long it takes, over what period this extends, but it is safe to say that our G&A, you can think of it as relatively fixed and our patient care costs are -- a majority of our patient costs are variable.
Justin Lake: Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Pito Chickering: Good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking my question. To Justin's question if we take the midpoint of guidance and add $200 million to it, the back half of the year is typically over 40 -- 50% of your operating income for the year, so does that mean the operating income for the back half of the year should be above $975 million? 
Joel Ackerman: No. Well, are you saying excluding COVID?
Pito Chickering: Correct. Correct. Because like you said that COVID is impacting in the first half of the year and then minimal in the back half of the year, so I was just curious and kind of help me think about the back half of the year sort of excluding COVID or even actually within your assumptions kind of how the back half of the year operating income should be?
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So let me clarify what we meant by the front half of the year. What we were saying in the scenario we're painting there is that the lost -- the increased mortality that we are seeing in our patient population as a result of COVID would be highly concentrated in the front half of the year, that though the lost treatments associated with those patients who unfortunately have passed away early that remains through the back half of the year. And unfortunately will remain through 2022. So those treatments are lost. And what you would see in the back half of the year is you'd hopefully you'd see NAG bottoming out and starting to increase in the back half of the year, but it will take some time for the lost treatments to play through the system. So I don't think you can say the back half of the year will not be impacted by COVID, it certainly will be impacted by COVID. 
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then that's a nice segue for the 2021 guidance. Can you help us -- because you didn't provide revenue guidance, can you just help us think about sort of where first quarter treatment growth will be and then where you're modeling the ranges of fourth quarter treatment growth to be? Has the incidence of the ESRD returned to normalized levels and are you seeing some modest tailwinds from the lack of kidney transplants?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So if you think about all the other factors that impact NAG in terms of treatment and volume -- in terms of transplant volume and new to ESRD admits that stuff has largely returned to normal. So we're not anticipating much impact of that. So the NAG story for 2021 is largely around the mortality question. If you think about Q1 and I'll talk in terms of the NAG, we see NAG continuing to decline in Q1 and then again in Q2. And this is really driven by this scenario we painted of increasing mortality. And then it's hard to know where it will bottom out. Again there's a lot of uncertainty here. But in terms of trying to see what the NAG might be in Q2, you could anticipate something as low as negative 2% or even negative 3% for that one quarter and that it will start to recover from there. If you thought about the full year 2021 NAG, again, we're not guiding to NAG but just to help you all think about this I think it's safe to think of a negative NAG for the full year certainly probably -- I think it's reasonable to model it as somewhere in the negative 1% to negative 2%. And then you don't see NAG really return -- remember NAG is a year-over-year number, so you wouldn't see it return to normal until mid-2022. And then the one other thing I'd point out about NAG is once the mortality has worked its way through the system in terms of -- on a quarterly basis, we're not seeing excess mortality and once you've had a full year for the lagging effect of NAG to play through then you would anticipate us having a bit of a tailwind associated with NAG. The unfortunate mortality that we've seen as a result of COVID should lead to a lower mortality over the next few years as a result of some of the patients who passed away of COVID would have otherwise passed away in 2022 or 2023, et cetera. So you'll certainly see a real headwind on NAG in 2021, you'd expect a bit of a hangover from that in 2022. But going forward from the back half of 2022, and again this is all caveated on our scenario, whereby, the vaccines work and our patients get access to them, you'd start seeing a NAG that would be higher than normal in the back half of 2022. And I apologize for how many numbers I'm throwing around than how confusing this can be. So if anything wasn't clear please follow-up.
Pito Chickering: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Andrew Mok with Barclays. You may proceed.
Andrew Mok: Hi, good afternoon. First, I wanted to follow-up on the MA discussion. Can you speak to some of the value-based arrangements that you were able to strike with your MA partners for 2021 both in terms of construct and materiality patient base?
Javier Rodriguez: Andrew, let me grab that. The reality is that we have a lot of different structures. So if you look at just historically, we had the special need plans and then we added the ESCO models, which were the CMMI models those are now winding down. And then, of course, CMMI came up with new models. So in that we have the four choices that CMMI has and then we had the executive order. So that's on the government side there's a fair amount of innovation on the value base. On the commercial side we, of course, are now doing more with our MA partners. And so we structured anything from shared savings to something that looks a little more like a full cap. And so as you can see the menu is extensive. And the more important thing to grab out of it is that we're committed to moving to value-based and we're taking bite sizes to make sure that we can deliver on all the commitments that we're making. So that's why we're investing to make sure that we can deliver on whatever way the format comes. Is that helpful Andrew?
Andrew Mok: Yes. Do you have a patient number in terms of mix in terms of what's in value-based arrangements today?
Javier Rodriguez: We do, but that number is going to fluctuate dramatically because of the filing of all these government CMMI products. And so we are not sure how that whole process is going to play out since they start in April, and how many patients are going to enroll. So that will be the bulk and the largest size of it.
Andrew Mok: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And can you comment more broadly on how the pandemic and excess mortality is influencing your strategy around patient clinic optimization and home dialysis more broadly? Do you see an acceleration in both of those initiatives playing out over the next 12 to 18 months? Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: I appreciate it. The short answer is no because the most important thing is that, we have the modality of choice for the patient and the physician, that think is appropriate for the right care. And so, that is first and foremost and the first thing that is considered. Secondly, of course, if there is an area that's severely impacted, we are looking at that to see what capacity is in those centers. And so, we're taking a close look at it. But as you can imagine, our centers are needed in most of these communities and it's something that we have to be very responsible of because if you have mortality, there's still other patients there. And as you know for a very long time, we've carried several hundred centers that have lost money. And then it's a very difficult decision one that we don't take lightly whether we close the center or not.
Andrew Mok: Got it. And then just lastly, you mentioned that the vaccine rates are as high as 70% among your patients in some geographies. Do you have a vaccination rate for your total patient population today? Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. The patient vaccine rate is low and the teammate vaccine rate is actually starting to get into the 40%. And we are working, as I said in the remarks very diligently with the government because our hope is that we can get direct allocation. If we were to use the flu -- the normal flu vaccine as an example, we get close to 90% across the entire cohort. And we do it in a very, very quick time period. And so we're making a case to the government. But of course, as you know and you've read, there's a lot of demand in a lot of different groups. And so we're trying to break through that line.
Andrew Mok: Got it. Thanks for all the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks. I wanted to ask a little bit more about the MA investments. It sounds like it's going to offset the benefit from it this year. Are these investments ones that you need to kind of get in and then that business that book of business will become more profitable over time? Or are you making an investment and kind of assuming that, it will be another 5% or 10% patients ultimately moving in. So this is kind of an investment that you're going to need more MA patients to come in to actually kind of leverage and start to make a profit on. How should we think about the margin profile of MA patients over time that are in a capitated arrangement?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So there's a lot we're going to learn about that over the next few years Kevin, but I think low to mid-single digits is a reasonable margin. If you think about it as using a full cap kind of accounting approach on some of these, we don't take in all the revenue. So that plays with the margin. But in terms of margin per patient, you'd wind up at about the same dollar amount.
Javier Rodriguez: Kevin, maybe let me pull up just a little because it might not be clear before kind of investments we're making for value based. And so, there's two categories that I think of. One is sort of G&A stuff, software model of care for non-ESRD things like diabetes, mental, health end of life, those type of models that would scale in different kinds of framework. And then there's a start-up cost for each individual contract that has a custom elements to it. So care models health assessments and other things that are specific to each contract. So hopefully that helps.
Kevin Fischbeck: Yes. No that does. And I guess just to make sure, I'm clear about when you're talking about a little bit, so just given your point about the revenue. I think that the revenue on a typical dialysis patient in MA is about $96,000 at least in premiums, so are you talking about something like 85% of that number is kind of how you're thinking about the revenue? Or are there other adjustments that I'd have to make?
Joel Ackerman: I would say, if I were trying to model that and again a lot of uncertainty going forward, I would think about us making a margin on the component of the cost that is not dialysis. So think of us as a medical manager, a value-based care deliverer on the call it two-thirds of that $90,000 that doesn't go to dialysis. The dialysis cost is relatively fixed. And so, I'd apply the margin number to that 60,000 number. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. That's helpful. And then, I guess the 7,000 patient impacts from mortality. I guess that's like about 3% treatments in the quarter. Does that mean that, you think that a normalized treatment growth for the business is now 3%? I mean, you guys have been doing more like 2% or even less kind of heading into COVID. Do you -- is that where you think things ultimately get back to post-COVID? Or are you kind of saying that those other dynamics have normalized, but only because of COVID and when COVID goes away those factors will come back in and lead to sub-three industry growth.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So Kevin, I appreciate the math you're trying to do which is use the loss treatment count to back into what our normal NAG would have been. It's a very tough piece of analysis to do. The 7,000 was an end of quarter number. So you can't just multiply that. It was actually a little bit more weighted towards November and December when the spike began. So I don't think you can back into a NAG number. Frankly, we're having trouble backing into it, because there is a lot of play in the question of excess mortality and which of these patients really passed away of COVID versus other things. So I'd avoid trying to interpolate to what our underlying NAG is. 
Kevin Fischbeck: All right. And then just last question. The guidance is as you mentioned a little bit wider than normal and I understand COVID creates a lot of uncertainty. Is it just really this mortality thing? Is that the thing that we should be watching most? Or are there other kind of major swing factors we should be keeping our eye on? 
Joel Ackerman: Well, I think there are a bunch of other swing factors that could impact the year. So, if I were to run down the list, obviously there's the effectiveness of the vaccine and the variance and that will play through on the mortality line. There's the potential economic impact of COVID and how that could play through with private pay mix. Early in the pandemic we talked a lot about that and we were very concerned about it. We've been very pleased with the resiliency, our patients have shown in terms of maintaining their coverage but I think you can't lose sight that PPE costs are something that remain a relatively dynamic issue less in terms of volume utilization and more in terms of price, additional government assistance is certainly a possibility extending the sequestration halt or something like that. So those are a few things I'd point out to keep your eye on. That said yes. The mortality question is certainly the one that is dominating our modeling for 2021.
Kevin Fischbeck: Thats helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Lisa Clive with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Lisa Clive: Hello, a few questions. Number one, just on the $200 million headwind from the incremental -- from the COVID mortality and I guess $140 million of that is incremental. Given your guidance it looks like you're pretty confident that you can sort of fully offset that at least at the midpoint of your OI guidance. I'm just trying to understand where this incremental cost savings is coming from because you've been a pretty sort of lean organization for a long time. So just trying to understand sort of what are the additional levers there, especially when you do expect NAG to be potentially even slightly down for the year? And then second question just on home modalities. Obviously, you have to just do what's best for each patient. But have you seen increased interest in home modality since the pandemic hit? And specifically as we think about the shift to home, whether it's PD or HD. Are you catching these patients early enough that it makes a difference in terms of whether they stay employed, potentially keep their private insurance, where they otherwise would have dropped their job and either gone into COBRA for a period of time or just switch directly into Medicare? I guess I'm really just trying to understand the longer-term impact on patient mix from a greater use of home? Thanks.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So Lisa, let me take the first and I think Javier will grab the second one. So as I interpreted your question is what's the bridge from 2020 to 2021, given the headwind? And here's the way I think about it. If you take our non-GAAP or adjusted OI in 2021 and add back the $67 million for the ballot initiatives and then add back the $60 million for COVID and then you compare that to the middle of our range adding back COVID. So this -- so 19.50 [ph] you'd get about a 4% growth rate. And that's how I think about how is the core doing year-over-year. And to me 4% it's a solid, stable year of the core with this very challenging, very uncertain calcimimetic COVID on top of it. The 4%, it's kind of what our normal year would look like, low to mid single-digit revenue growth. Stable margins again driven by RPT increases below inflation. Good cost management. I talked about the MA and the IKC offsetting themselves. So that's how I think about the 4% growth. It's just -- it's a stable steady year masked by COVID.
Javier Rodriguez: And Lisa let me grab the second part of that, which is on home modality. The short answer is we have a lot of excitement on the home modality, because it really enhances the quality of life. And so our physicians and our patients are responding quite well. And we are innovating a lot so that our patients when they're home, they the confidence in security as if they were in center. And so we're developing a lot of tools like remote monitoring and telehealth and other things so our patients can feel that security of doing dialysis at home. It does continue to grow in a significant way. And as it relates to getting the patients earlier and what does that have impact on mix. The short answer is that that's work in progress. We continue to work with our physician practices to make sure that they're educating the patients and then we've developed world-class free to anyone in the community that the access training, so that you can know your modality selection. And the hope is that, of course, you make your selection early enough so that you can have the transition without that big spike or without any depression or mental issues as you acclimate to dialysis.
Lisa Clive: Okay. Thanks. And just one follow-up for Joel on the cost structure. Can you just remind us of where you are with your EPO contract with Amgen? I know you signed a long-term contract with them. When does that renew? And is that a potential avenue for lower costs?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So Lisa, the contract ends at the end of 2022. As you know, we've always been a little challenged as a result of confidentiality agreements in terms of what we can say. It will certainly be interesting times as that contract ends, regarding hips and some other dynamics. So, it remains to be seen what's going to happen then.
Lisa Clive: Okay. Thanks for your time, and its helpful.
Javier Rodriguez: Thanks, Lisa.
Operator: Thank you. Next we will hear from Whit Mayo with UBS. You may proceed.
Whit Mayo: Thanks. Good afternoon. Back on the mortality dynamic, I was just thinking about hospitalizations that don't result in death and based off of some of the industry data that we've seen. I don't know if this is right or not, but it's got the rate of hospitalization maybe three to four higher than the death. And I know this is dangerous, but would imply maybe 20,000 of your patients could have been hospitalized around the same time that you experienced this higher mortality. And I can appreciate it's hard to parse out did COVID drive the mortality? Or was this another factor? But I'm just broadly kind of wanted to hear your -- what you're seeing with just overall hospitalizations and missed visits. I mean the numbers cumulatively are probably fairly low.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So, early in the pandemic, we actually saw a benefit from lower missed treatments, which you would suppose, is our patients avoiding the hospital. That has largely normalized. So isn't really playing through on the treatment numbers right now. I would remind you part of our platform. We have a decent-sized acute business and that has seen some benefits as a result of this. So -- but, in terms of the overall impact on the year, it's not significant.
Whit Mayo: Right. I'll stop the mortality. I think that pretty much covers it. But maybe just one other question I had was, I think, you guys are back in network with Humana maybe technically you were never out of network. That's probably more the accurate statement, but just anything to share about that contract and maybe more broadly just an update on the network adequacy modifications. And any changes that you're seeing differently with how payers are behaving? Just kind of curious on that topic.
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. Let me grab that one. This is Javier. I think the great outcome of the Humana negotiation is that we both ended up with our goals accomplished. Both Humana and DaVita wanted to have -- make sure that more patients had access that we were innovating and making sure that we were creating what we call the win-win arrangement that had better outcomes at a reduced cost. That unfortunately has a lot more complexity and takes a lot longer, because you have to do a lot of analytics to make sure that we're set up to be a win-win. In general the MA book, as we told you last time, is mostly contracted and has been for quite some time. The timing of the Humana contract just happened to be at the end of the year, and it was -- obviously because of its size, it's more complicated, but we're very happy with how it ended up and we're looking forward to a multi-year relationship that delivers on this value-based contract.
Whit Mayo: Okay. And actually just one last one just not -- Joel, I don't think you want to give specific guidance around the quarters here. But, any way to think about what percent of your earnings you think you may have in the first half versus the second half? I'd hate for us all to get things terribly wrong with how you guys internally are looking at the cadence of earnings.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Look, Q1 is usually a weak quarter. We've got higher bad debt, higher payroll taxes, one other thing that's slipping my mind. But, I wouldn't -- but I'd say relative to last year it will be very different, because last year the calcimimetics number really skewed things as did the ballot initiative. Oh yes, there are fewer treatment days in Q1, sorry. But I don't think it will be dramatic. I don't think the pattern will be that different than a normal year. And given the fact that the mortality issues that we are raising will really spike in Q1 and then come down, it is not unreasonable to think of COVID as being relatively evenly spread across the year. 
Whit Mayo: Okay. So as I think about the first half versus the second half, are you saying we should apply like normal seasonal patterns looking back at 2019, 2018, 2017? We could look at that as a reasonable break between your first and second half?
Joel Ackerman: I think if you're looking at the core yes you could look at historical reasonable patterns and how -- look COVID is uncertain enough over the course of the whole year, how it's going to play out quarter-by-quarter is hard to predict. We obviously saw that in Q4. But a relatively even spread across the year seems like a reasonable starting point for a very uncertain number. 
Javier Rodriguez: The big assumption there Whit is of course if the mortality is in the front end of the year then it continues to play out which is very different than what happened in 2020 which happened to be the spike ended up in the back end of the year. And so and analytically of course that is on the premise that the vaccines work and that the fourth quarter and the third quarter are -- look more normal than where we are now. 
Whit Mayo: Thanks for all the color. Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from John Ransom with Raymond James. Your line is open.
John Ransom: Good evening. So given that I'm always looking for simple answers to complicated questions, if we think about 2021 versus 2020 what is the -- what was your MA mix in '20? I know you've said 2021, but how does that compare to 2020? 
Joel Ackerman: I think what we said is that at the end of '20 we were getting close to the 30th -- sorry the 30%. And we're now in the mid-30s. And remember the rest of the market is roughly around 40%, meaning the non-dialysis. 
John Ransom: Yes, but what was the average for '20. I know you said the end but where is it -- because I remember it was mid-20s? 
Joel Ackerman: Well if you assume that it moves roughly 2 percentage points in the year, you can do the math around that, but it's high 20s. 
John Ransom: I can do 30% minus 2% I think. All right. 
Joel Ackerman: You are good to simplifying things. 
John Ransom: Yes. I am simple. And then continuing on the simple theme, I know you're going to spend down some of this advantage. But I think we were thinking about the rate lift at something around $50 a treatment. Is that crazy from Medicare fee-for-service to Medicare advantage? 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Whit -- I'm sorry John we've avoided commenting on this number for a while. You can imagine us sitting across the table from an MA plan. And just not wanting them to know exactly what the average rate is. So we're not going to comment on it. We wanted to be helpful in terms of thinking about how to model 2021 over 2020 which is why we called out the IKC investment as comparable in scale. So you see that they're largely a wash year-over-year. And again that wash is relative to the extra 3% of MA growth, not the full 5%. So we'll get the benefit of the 2% that we get year in year out. But the -- we don't want to comment on what the rate differential is between MA and normal Medicare fee-for-service. 
John Ransom: Sure. And then just I feel like an underexplored theme as your heroic labor force. So if you were to hazard a guess what percent of your labor force you think will agree to be vaccinated by the end of the year? 
Javier Rodriguez: It's a great question, John. We've been asking and on the flu we end up somewhere in the high 80s, low 90s. And so this is obviously a very unique experience they're going through and they've seen what's going on with COVID. Our data shows us right now slightly lower than the normal flu and then the question becomes once you have the vaccine if you can make it convenient and you can get the momentum will that number go back to the normal flu? And the short answer is, we don't know. But right now roughly 40% all of our labor force in the field has been vaccinated. 
John Ransom: Sure. And just back on labor for a minute. Do you think they are over the hump in terms of -- my neighbor has a Porsche, there you go? So I dont have a Porsche. Do you think the -- and I will just need a minute. But do you think they're over the hump if you will in terms of burnout and temps and exhaustion. I mean is that an unusual challenge for you? Or do you think that still continues into next year or this year actually? 
Javier Rodriguez: Well John, first of all, I really appreciate your empathy for this team because their commitment and resilience and just dedication has been just incredible and an inspiration to the rest of us. But no, they're actually in the thick of things this spike in the end of the year beginning of this year was steeper and more acute than anyone would anticipate. And so they've been working, working, working and trying to keep everybody safe. So the fatigue is real the emotional drain and the attachment that they have to our patients and seeing this mortality that we've talked about is an emotional and a heavy, heavy thing to deal with. And so I think that this is going to have consequences for the entire caregiving system for years to come. 
John Ransom: Yes, I do. Lastly, when you think about global risk and you guys had eight or so years with your former DaVita Medical Group, how do you think about controlling the two-thirds downstream that you don't control directly? Is it Medicare rates? Is it downstream risk contracts? Or is it just we control the patient we can make them healthier and they encounter the health system as they will, but we think having up front line set with the patient we can -- we can sort of control their behavior to make them healthier than sort of the average that we're shooting against? 
Javier Rodriguez: Let me grab it. And then Joel, you can supplement because I'm not sure, I understand exactly where you want to go. But at the end of the day, I think, the answer is
John Ransom: Not my wife ever does, either. I never know where I want to go. So thats fine. I never
Javier Rodriguez: My -- the two-third we're going to address some of it in our centers ourselves in areas where we think we can add a lot of value. And then we're going to deal with providers that we have a lot of trust with in other areas and so I think it's going to be a hybrid and we're learning a lot and we've learned a lot in our ESCOs is to where we have strength. So, for example, if you were to do a health assessment in the center when you have a patient for four hours, you can be quite thorough and you can have the systems to make sure that you do the appropriate therapy to intervene and so you get the twofer there. And other areas of healthcare as you know the challenge is getting a hold of the patient number one; and then number two, actually doing something about it intervening. And so we do have let's call it a strategic advantage in the access to the patient. Did that answer your question?
John Ransom: Well but let's say, they go into a local hospital, I mean, are these Medicare rates that you're assuming? I mean I'm just trying to understand, sort of, the insurance company downstream contracting around access to the rest of the healthcare system? And how you either
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. I think, I understand your question. Most of the time in the contract... 
John Ransom: You were saying your margins in the other two-thirds. So I'm just trying to figure out how you get that margin there with two-third of spend? 
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. I got you now. Most of the time the contract assumes that you get the payer's network and you're basically going after utilization and better care so you're trying to reduce utilization as opposed to price.
John Ransom: I got you. Thats perfect. Thank you.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Gary Taylor with JPMorgan. Your line is open. 
Gary Taylor: Hi. Good afternoon. I wanted to understand a little better the magnitude of this movement you're talking about towards risk-taking with your MA population. So are there any numbers you can give around going forward x percent of the MA enrollment is in a capitated contract or a material gain sharing contract that isn't just a couple points based on quality of care and what that's looked like historically? Is it a material portion in 2021 of your MA patients that will be in something close to a capitated contracts? 
Joel Ackerman: It's still relatively small, but growing. We're -- look I'd say, fundamentally we see this business as being on the right side of healthcare. It's a big opportunity and we think we've got a right to win because of what Javier was talking about in terms of our ability to deliver quality and manage the care of the non-dialysis side today it's still relatively small. We're keeping a very careful eye on it. I think to me the important point that I emphasize is we view this as a new business rather than viewing it as some new way to finance the cost of dialysis. But in terms of magnitude today it's still small.
Gary Taylor: And what about as direct contracting increases, obviously, you've got professional global this year you've got a limited theoretically rollout in 10 cities of geographic direct contracting. Next year. So you're going to have the same health plans now taking risk for your Medicare fee-for-service population, would you anticipate doing risk-based contracts if direct contracting takes off and grows? Or do you have any now?
Javier Rodriguez: It's an interesting proposition. I mean, at the end of the day, I think, it's unlikely, but we would be open to explore it, because if someone upstream takes the risk and the example you laid out in direct contracting, we would be receiving Medicare fee-for-service in that example of direct contracting. So unless they literally said, hey, because of your strategic advantage of actually spending so much time with the patient, we think that you can partake with us. That would be very interesting. Of course, the other way to look at it is, can we be the direct contracting entity. And so, we will be looking at all these things and see how they play out. But that's where it stands now.
Gary Taylor: My last question. I just want to understand this better. And maybe, it sounds like I'm just a little stale. I thought you guys had consistently said 25% of Medicare was with MA. So if you're going to average 35% in 2021, that's quite a pickup. I know you're saying, it's more or like 28% and some would always happen to be incremental, but it's obviously very well understood that MA payers paid above fee-for-service. I can understand why you don't want to disclose that differential, but we all had estimates of it. So if we were going to see MA penetration go to 35%, we had estimates of what that meant to you in terms of incremental rate and EBITDA. So, I guess, the question is, has the movement making all dialysis patients eligible for MA, has that created some price compression in that historic MA book? Because it doesn't sound like, with capitation being so small, that the related investments to that would be enough to offset our estimates of your incremental rate pickup. So, any color around that would be helpful.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Gary, let's just make sure we're all working with the same MA penetration rate. So the 25 number is from a couple of years ago and that grew 2%, maybe a little bit more each year over the last couple of years. So at the beginning of -- let me get my years right, at the beginning of 2019 that was probably in the ballpark, but you add a couple of percent, maybe a little more in 2019. And then again in that's how you get to the number Javier sighted, which is coming up right on 30% at the end of 2020 and adding another 5 points in 2021. Again those 5 points being, 2 points that we would have gotten anyway without the Cures Act, because this has been growing 2% a year and then another 3% for the Cures Act. So if you're trying to model what's the upside in 2021 as a result of the Cures Act coming online, I'd use that 3% number.
Gary Taylor: Got it. And any comment about how that's impacted the rate environment? It sounds like it certainly engendered more risk-based discussions, but with the bulk of MA still paying fee-for-service, have you held up despite the fact that there's more volume moving in that direction?
Javier Rodriguez: I think, in general, the plans have paid a lot of attention to it, but they always have. And so it's a discussion and the conversation has really gotten more into a shift of can we do value base. But the short answer is that we didn't have that many at-bats, because most of the contracts we're longer term, so yet to be seen.
Gary Taylor: Okay. Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Matt Larew with William Blair. Your line is open.
Matt Larew: Thanks. Just on new center development, you have some nice context around NAG. In terms of new center development, I guess, maybe help us think about what 2021 and 2022 might look like. You had mentioned the number fading into mid-2021 and then ramping back up. But maybe just curious, given the higher mortality you're seeing. And, obviously, on the outside looking in, we don't have a sense for geographic context on that, but has that affected the way you're thinking about new center builds and any change to sort of a 50-50 target home versus non-home?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So, it will impact our thinking about new center development. But there's a real -- there's a long lead time from when you conceive of a center until you build it and you get it certified. So I don't think you'd see much impact in the new center numbers in 2021 or even 2022. That said, look, the numbers have come down, we certified a little more than 80 new centers in 2020. I think we actually built something in the mid-40s. And then, if you look forward to next year, again, you'll see the number certified come way down. And the actual number we're going to build next year will probably be more likely in the 20s. So that number was coming down fast before COVID.
Matt Larew: Yes. That's helpful. And then, just maybe one more on sort of the value-based care side. Just curious, if any of your conversations have at all started to include thought presses about moving upstream with payers and dementia and CKD population and leveraging some of your pretty robust resources like Kidney Smart?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, is a short answer and everybody is new at this meaning the plans are, and we're working through what that means and what the implications are of going upstream. And then of course, there's some regulatory restrictions to deal with. But at the end of the day, we're all trying to manage the patient as soon as possible to make sure that that transition is as smooth as possible.
Matt Larew: Okay. Thank you.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Lisa Clive with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Lisa Clive: Hi. Thanks for the follow-up. Can you give us an update on the time line for the lawsuit over the network adequacy rule? And what do you think the chances are the new rule gets overturned? And then assuming it doesn't overturned, what is your best guess on the impact on the change in dynamics over the next five years? Do you think that MA rates on dialysis treatment could go down? Or the number of clinics decrease if clinics are not -- are too far away. Obviously, that doesn't seem to be at all a problem right now but just thinking out a few years? Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Thanks, Lisa. And let me step up a couple of feet in case people haven't been tracking it. There is a network adequacy demand on MA plan and for dialysis patients there was a shift in an objective measure that had time and distance. And then basically, they dropped the objective criteria and made it more subjective and just saying you have to have an adequate network. The update on that is that, there was basically a technical reason and then the case is no longer active right now. As we look into whether we and community and patients will pursue the next one, we are actually waiting to make sure that we have harm. And so we're waiting to see, if a plan actually doesn't abide by the spirit of making sure that there's adequacy. Right now, we have not experienced any of that, and we hope that we don't. But that's the status of the update.
Lisa Clive: Okay. So the original challenge is no longer moving forward? 
Javier Rodriguez: Correct. 
Lisa Clive: Okay. Thanks for the clarification.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Lisa.
Operator: Thank you. Next you will hear from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. You may proceed.
Justin Lake: Thanks for the follow-up. Joel, I wanted to go back to the $60 million that you talked about and it being entirely coming from mortality effectively with everything else watching out. Can you give us some color in terms of how that $60 million progressed through the year? Is it more fourth quarter base? Or was there -- I assume there was some drag in 2Q and 3Q for mortality?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. There was a bit in two. It grew in three and I think about half of it was in Q4. And it's a number that accumulates right? Because the impact of loss treatments on Q4 is associated with our patients, who passed away in Q2 and Q3 and Q4 and that's why you see it accumulating that way and you'll see that pattern continuing in the front half of the year in 2021.
Justin Lake: Yes, that's exactly, why I'm asking. So it's about $30 million, $10 million, $20 million $30 million it sounds like give or take is the way to think about it?
Joel Ackerman: Yes.
Justin Lake: And so, yes, I'm actually surprised given the COVID spike in the fourth quarter that it was only up similar to 1Q or 2Q, 3Q. Is there a net like by the end of the year?
Joel Ackerman: The reason for that is the spike happened in November and December. And remember, generally, mortality lags the spike in the infection curve by three or four weeks.
Justin Lake: Right. So that's a good point. So maybe you can -- can you give us a number maybe that we can think about as if -- just at year-end given the number of patients that had passed away what would that number look like if you kind of not annualized or maybe we can talk about annualized that 12/31 number? Like, if no one else passes what's the number at kind of year-end that we're going to see quarterly for the rest of the year?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I don't have that math in front of me. But again, if you think about how the $200 million in this one scenario we played out. And I just want to emphasize again, this is one scenario. We think it's a reasonable middle scenario, but it could play out in many different ways. But if you think about what -- how to model that $200 million over the course of the year, I think you can think about it as relatively flat. Most of the increase in our patients passing away will happen in Q1. Q1 is also more likely to be burdened with some other expenses than the later quarters. So it's complicated math. Maybe Q2 is a little higher than Q1, as a result of the mortality growing. But, flat across the year is not an unreasonable starting point.
Justin Lake: Got it. Got it. So it's going to pick up significantly in the first quarter, then it's going to go from like $30 million a quarter to like $60 million to $70 million, a quarter, call it, $60 million. And maybe increase a little from there and then go forward. And that's how you're going to be up -- well, actually I'm wrong, it's not going to increase that much. It will be $50 million like you said or something in a quarter. Okay. And is there -- I tried to look at the patient count you did an acquisition it looks like in the UK, that's going to change that number. Is there any way, I can get you guys to share that. And maybe before we hop off the call Javier, I know you had been focused on kind of rightsizing the footprint internationally. So I'm a little surprised, to see you to be doing more acquisitions internationally. Maybe you can share with us, strategically why that was important?
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. A couple of things, I think we stayed consistent to the discipline that we have outlined on capital markets, which is basically we would be very, very diligent on, where we could add clinical value, where we had the right to scale, where we had a content management team. And we thought, from a compliance perspective, it was a place where we could operate safely and that we had capital efficiency. The UK has been going from a government-led program to a private. And it is a very interesting market, where it is predictable. And we understand it. And so we won a tender. And we think that the, returns will be good.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Justin, I'd just add. It's -- I think it's a great acquisition for the international team and exciting for them to get back -- to get into a new country, after we had been pruning the platform. And then, maintaining the discipline of capital efficient growth. So from that standpoint, it's great. From a materiality standpoint, in terms of impact on OI, it's pretty small.
Justin Lake: And do you have the patients acquired for mutual, give or take?
Joel Ackerman: I don't have the number, off the top of my head. We'll see if we can get it for you. If not we'll get it to you, after the call.
Justin Lake: Thanks a lot.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Justin.
Operator: Thank you. And we are showing no further questions at this time.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Well. Thank you. Let me close off with some comments here. Number one, our team's commitment and dedication to the safety and health of our patients is absolutely unwavering. It is really sad and unfortunate that our patients age in comorbid conditions, make them significantly more vulnerable to COVID. We are going to work diligently, to get as many vaccinated as soon as possible. Number two, we shared with you today some of the dynamics that the pandemic has had on our company, on our patients and on our teams. I hope it was helpful. Of course, the ranges will follow the trajectory of this very unpredictable pandemic. And then lastly, absent the pandemic impact which is very hard to say that sentence, because everything here starts with the pandemic, our business plan has shown resiliency and in line with our multiyear outlook that we discussed at capital markets. So I end with hopefully some optimism, that I like you hope that this vaccine can move us past this stage. Thank you for our interest in DaVita. And we'll talk soon. Stay safe.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Mr. Gustafson, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to our third quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. And joining me today are Javier Rodriguez, our CEO; and Joel Ackerman, our CFO. Please note that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meanings of federal securities laws. All these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our third quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Our forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements, except as may be required by law. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez.
Javier Rodriguez: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us to review our third quarter financial results. We are now 9 months into the pandemic, and one thing is clear: our team of caregivers is committed to serving our patients. Because of our team, our business is performing well despite disruptions from the pandemic, wildfires and hurricanes. I've said it before, and it's worth repeating, I am incredibly proud to be part of DaVita and to serve alongside our 65,000 teammates who work so hard to provide our patients with life sustaining care. It is our people who make our business resilient in the face of so many challenging externalities. Through these challenging times, our focus remains on our patients and on building capabilities to enhance their care and their experience in the future. Today, there are still too many patients who are surprised by their start on dialysis, which impacts their ability to adjust their lifestyle and then to choose their optimal modality. Therefore, we work with patients with chronic kidney disease, known as CKD, to help them understand how to stay healthy, delay the progression of kidney disease, pursue transplantation and evaluate different treatment options. Education is one important factor to avoid a surprise start. We are excited to have reached a milestone this quarter of educating 200,000 people through our Kidney Smart program and no-cost CKD education program. During the pandemic, we have shifted all Kidney Smart classes to a virtual format, and we continue to have high engagement with CKD patients. The program has healthy results as individuals would attend a Kidney Smart class are 6x more likely to start dialysis at home, experience 38% fewer missed treatments in the first 90 days on dialysis and have 30% fewer hospitalizations. Now on to quarterly results. Q3 was another strong quarter for our company. Total revenue came in largely as expected. While volume growth was weaker than historical levels due to the impact of COVID, total revenue held up due to the year-to-date improvement in revenue per treatment. Our costs came in significantly below our forecast as a result of lower COVID impact this quarter and continued strong cost management. Looking forward, I remain confident in the strength of our business model as well as our earnings and free cash flow growth. Due to our strong performance over the past year, we're ahead of plan that we discussed last year's Capital Markets Day, both financially and strategically. Financially, we're ahead of the expected adjusted earnings per share guidance we shared both in 2020 and 2022. Today, we are again raising our 2020 adjusted earnings per share guidance range to $7.35 to $7.60. Over the past year, we've been able to achieve operating margin increases in share repurchases faster than expected. In addition, we've also lowered our debt cost, consistent to what we expressed at Capital Markets Day. Looking forward, we are confident in our ability to deliver continued capital-efficient growth from 2020 levels over the next few years. To quantify this, we expect to be able to deliver annual adjusted EPS growth on average in the low double digits. I want to highlight that we are accomplishing this while continuing to invest in innovation, building new capabilities and strengthening our platform. Strategically, we have made tangible progress in extending the breadth and depth of our clinical and operational capabilities, fueled by our digital transformation in several areas. We believe that these capabilities in our platform will create a competitive advantage with a focus on our patients, nephrologist partners and payer partners. We also see a path to using these capabilities to improve the quality and value of care for our patients across the health care delivery system. For example, we're personalizing the care for patients across the kidney care continuum using proprietary systems that we've been developing for years in partnership. We've been with industry leaders, including Epic, Cerner, Salesforce and Google. We have more to do to effectuate our strategy, but we're beginning to see the benefits from these tools in the form of AI-driven models that personalize dosing for certain therapeutics, anticipate patients' clinical status and help avoid hospitalization, anticipate patients who may drop off from therapy and identify CKD stage 4 patients who are likely to progress quickly to ESRD and help avoid unplanned dialysis starts. As we place these tools and information in the hands of nephrologists and our caregivers, we envision 3 significant benefits: one, enabling a best-in-class patient experience, delivering individualized care at scale; two, enabling our physicians to deliver industry-leading clinical outcomes; and three, lowering the total cost of care of kidney care populations through avoiding disruptions caused by preventable hospitalization stays and changes in modalities that are not clinically driven. We're also making strategic progress in our shift to value-based payment model. Over the last decade, we built capabilities and real-world experience managing the total cost of care for ESRD patients through our partnerships and the unique relationships and access we have to more than 200,000 dialysis patients. We've developed a model of care that is tailored to the specific needs of dialysis patients and have applied this to a variety of value-based payment models, including shared savings and full capitation. Our discussions with payers about using value-based arrangements to align incentives and drive better outcomes have accelerated in recent quarters. On the government side, we're carefully considering the models for value-based arrangements developed by CMS. On the commercial side, we continue to contract for pay-for-performance models for both ESRD and CKD patients. We're also using the expected growth of Medicare Advantage in the ESRD population to accelerate conversations with MA plans about new payment models. We're excited for the momentum toward value-based care, and we're prepared for opportunities to partner with government and commercial payers. We believe that our current capabilities, deep experience and national scale give us a superior platform for delivering value to our partners, patients and payers. Now I'll turn it over to Joel, who will discuss our financial results and outlook in more detail.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. Q3 results reflected another quarter of strong financial performance for DaVita. We significantly outperformed expectations as a result of strength in the underlying business and the benefits of some nonrecurring tailwinds. I'll start my comments with Q3 then cover our guidance for Q4 and some thoughts about longer-term outlook. Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $438 million, a sequential decline of approximately $24 million compared to the adjusted OI in Q2. This decline is primarily the result of 2 things: first is the ballot in California. We contributed approximately $66 million to the industry initiative to defeat Prop. 23 in Q3, in line with our expectations for a full year impact from ballot initiative costs of approximately $0.50 per share. Second, we saw an approximately $50 million OI improvement in Q3 compared to Q2 from COVID. On our last call, I cited an estimated $20 million to $30 million of net costs associated with COVID in the second quarter. We expected COVID impact in Q3 to be similar to Q2. However, we actually experienced a net positive impact of approximately $20 million to $30 million in the quarter, a $50 million favorable swing over last quarter at the midpoint of the ranges. This was the result of significantly lower direct costs from COVID, with almost no change in the offsets we saw in Q2. After adjusting for these two items, the underlying earnings power of the business remained strong in Q3 and consistent with Q2. Looking forward, COVID remains a source of significant uncertainty. The course of the pandemic remains difficult to forecast and its impact on NAG, commercial mix and operating expense creates a wide range of potential outcomes for Q4 and for 2021. Driven by the strong performance in Q3, our anticipation of another strong underlying result in Q4 and allowing for a range of potential COVID-related costs, we're updating our 2020 guidance as follows. We are increasing our guidance for adjusted operating income margin in 2020 to 15.3% to 15.6%. We're increasing our guidance for adjusted EPS in 2020 to $7.35 to $7.60, and we are increasing our 2020 free cash flow guidance to $1.1 billion to $1.25 billion. Let me add a few thoughts to Javier's comments on our longer-term outlook for low double-digit adjusted EPS growth. First, we currently expect this growth to be the result of adjusted operating income growth in the low to mid-single digits, with the balance resulting from disciplined capital allocation and lower debt costs. Second, this excludes any large uncertain events such as change to federal tax rate or the repeal of the ACA. And third, we see this as the earnings and cash flow potential of the business in an average year, but performance in any individual year could vary materially from these trends. For 2021, we plan to give more details on our next earnings call. With that said, I'll call out some headwinds and tailwinds that could materialize. First, we expect the absence of ballot initiative costs to be a tailwind. Next, if Prop. 23 in California were to pass and be implemented, we expect that there would be a material cost and operating challenges to comply with its requirements in 2021. Third, COVID is impossible to predict, although our current expectation is that it could be a significant headwind next year. The negative impact on NAG accumulates over time so we'd expect our year-over-year growth in treatment volume to continue to be depressed even as the direct impact on our patients diminishes. We also expect to lose the benefit of Medicare sequestration suspension and expect some of the other mitigants, like lower health benefit expenses and travel costs, to reverse. The impact on commercial enrollment has been lower-than-expected to date, although the longer-term impact of COVID on the economy could result in mix deterioration in 2021. We're also seeing increased unit cost for PPE that are likely to be a headwind for 2021. We believe the one potential tailwind from COVID would be a reduction in some of the direct costs that we incurred in the - early on in the pandemic. Next, while the contribution from calcimimetics should be relatively flat year-over-year, we will no longer call it out as nonrecurring as it becomes a permanent component of our run rate. Other swing factors include potential changes in Medicare Advantage enrollment and potential costs associated with initiating value-based care contracts. A few additional items. Since our second quarter earnings call, we repurchased approximately 10 million shares of our common stock, so our share count as of today is approximately 112 million. For your EPS modeling, you also need to consider the dilutive impact from outstanding equity awards, which in the third quarter was approximately 3 million shares. Finally, as a result of lower LIBOR rates and interest expense from debt financing that we have completed this year, we expect quarterly debt expense to be approximately $65 million in Q4. With that, operator, please open the line for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck: I guess, maybe just starting off with the guidance commentary. I appreciate the headwinds, the tailwinds that you were discussing, which were really, I guess, about 2021. But just to be clear, in your double-digit EPS growth you've incorporated a reasonable assumption for all these headwinds and tailwinds in that double-digit growth assumption over the next couple of years.
Javier Rodriguez: So yes, Kevin, we did. And I'd just point out that EPS guidance is multi-year. It's not for next year specifically, but yes, we have taken into account the headwinds and tailwinds that we pointed out.
Kevin Fischbeck: And the base number, is that $735 million to $760 million? You mentioned a number of kind of onetime items in the quarter. I just want to make sure that you're saying that $735 million, $760 million is the base off of which to use that growth rate?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. I think this year is a good base.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then, I guess, as far as MA goes, you didn't specifically - I don't think you mentioned it being a headwind or tailwind. I think you kind of just kind of mentioned it as an uncertainty. Can you talk a little bit about your thoughts on how MA is shaping up? And any update on the Humana contract?
Joel Ackerman: Sure, Kevin. So there's a bunch of dynamics in that. So let me grab them one at a time. Number one, we continue to think that the enrollment in MA will be gradual, consistent to what we've said in other quarters. Number two, the open enrollment, it just started. And so we don't have anything to report on it. And even if we were further, we have very little visibility. So we will wait until basically January when we get the numbers. And then lastly, as it relates to Humana, there's a couple of things that I would say. Normally, we don't talk about individual accounts. But on this one, since it got public, I'll make a couple of statements. I think the broader question that we should address is, is there a big bolus or a wave of negotiations coming out of the MA? And the answer is no, Humana is the exception. We are comprehensively contracted across the MA book. And so we're in a good spot, and the majority of our portfolio is contracted beyond 12 months. As it relates to Humana specifically, they notified us of a nonrenewal. We're in a very constructive dialogue with them on a risk deal. And as you know, the risk deals take some time so we're negotiating with them, and we hope to get the issues resolved.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. Great. And then I guess just the last question for now. You mentioned in the quarter that commercial pricing was a headwind even though, I guess, it was a tailwind for the year-to-date. So I guess, what happened in the quarter? Is it a onetime item? Or is there something that we should be thinking about going on there?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, Kevin, it's much more of a onetime thing. I'd continue to focus on the full year-over-year rather than focus on the individual quarter.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. So you wouldn't expect that to be a Q4 impact as well?
Javier Rodriguez: No.
Operator: And our next question comes from Andrew Mok with Barclays.
Andrew Mok: Javier back in May, you mentioned that peak level of unemployment matters more than the shape of the recovery. We're now at the end of October and peak unemployment, at least the headline number is likely behind us. How does that peak number, combined with the internal data you see on COBRA uptake, shape your thinking on the potential impact that commercial mix may have on your business in 2021?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Thank you, Andrew. I don't know when the peak will be on unemployment. So what we have seen from our patients is that they have been incredibly resilient about trying to keep their job and their coverage. So we are very happy with where we are right now in mix as it relates to where we were a couple of quarters ago, meaning it's held up. But then, of course, we don't know where the - which direction the pandemic will go and how the labor markets will go. But that is - right now, where we stand today, we are in a stronger position than I thought last quarter.
Andrew Mok: Got it. That's helpful. And then secondly, can you help us quantify the impact on treatment growth between patient mortality from COVID and slowing referral sources?
Joel Ackerman: Sure, Andrew. It's Joel here. I'll take that one. So we - as you look at the impact on NAG of COVID, there are really 5 things that we think about: mortality, transplants, missed treatments, acute and new patient starts. And if you go back last quarter, mortality was the biggest headwind and then transplants and missed treatments were small tailwinds. And acutes and new starts were small headwinds. The four things other than mortality have really played through, and they've either diminished or they've reversed and as we see it now, obviously, things could change, but largely, those things are not playing through for NAG going forward. So it's largely a mortality story.
Operator: And our next question comes from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research.
Justin Lake: I wanted to follow-up first on the 2021 headwinds and tailwinds. Just trying to think about, when you look at COVID, you talked about it could be a significant headwind next year. But you do have the lack of advocacy costs to kind of offset that. Do you look at those right now as being neutral, an overall headwind or an overall tailwind, without giving too many specifics.
Joel Ackerman: I'd say, Justin, it's too early to tell. There's really a lot of uncertainty about what COVID has in-store for us for 2021. So I don't think we're in a position right now to give a sense of order of magnitude.
Justin Lake: Okay. But we know the lack of advocacy causes the tickets or the $0.50 number that you talked about. You're saying these COVID costs could be that much or more, depending on what happens over the next few months into next year?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So look, you have to think about COVID along a few different dimensions. There's the direct costs. Those could remain flat, they could go down, they could go up theoretically as well. I'd say a lot of uncertainty there. They're the offsets and from where we stand right now, the Medicare - the sequestration relief is going to go away unless something new happens there, and that will clearly be a headwind. The savings we've experienced on benefits is likely to be a headwind as well as our teammates start going back and getting the care that they need. And then T&E is a question mark. So that's some of the impact around the cost and the offset numbers. And then what you've got to add to that is the impact on volume. And remember, that accumulates. So the impact from Q2 plus Q3 will likely be - it will continue to be a headwind till those declines anniversary, and that will take a while. And then the impact on mix is unknown. As Javier said, it's been a lot better than we ever expected. But we don't know what COVID has in-store for the economy going forward.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then you mentioned mix. I think it was in the release, you said mix trended down in the third quarter versus Q2, or against you. Can you give some more color in terms of how much mix change you saw there?
Javier Rodriguez: I'll grab that, Justin. There's not a lot that stood out on mix. So I'm not sure what we - what you're shining there, but there's nothing that I would point to that's relevant for your model.
Justin Lake: Okay. Maybe I misread that. And then last question, just another follow-up on Kevin's question on Humana. The - so if at you're at a network, I know you're having a conversation with them, but they are at a network for 2021. You've already told us it's going to be slow, steady growth in Medicare Advantage. Can - do you think it's - I know some of this is going to depend on whether you retain members, and I think Humana might have been paying you a little more than average, at least according to them. So when you net it all out, do you think it's possible that Medicare Advantage could still be a positive, meaning it will grow enough to offset the Humana losses? Or do you think this ends up being more like a neutral or maybe even a headwind given that - when you net it all together?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I mean, obviously, there's a couple of pieces there. Number 1 is enrollment and do we get it right, that it is gradual. I think, again, we will get that right. As it relates to the contracting, as I said, we're comprehensively contracted. So we think that we've got it in the right box. And again, depending on Humana, it's a decent-sized player. I think it's embedded in our guidance, but I don't think it's going to be anything that sticks out in your model as a big up or down. So those variables will move in a band that won't - I don't anticipate will be too big.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lisa Clive from Bernstein.
Lisa Clive: Two questions, yes. Just following up on the previous question. You did mention on the revenue, there was - that the quarterly change was primarily due to a decrease in commercial revenue per treatment. You mentioned that was really sort of one-off, unfavorable changes in seven government payer mix. So that was sort of particularly oddly phrased and then a decline in calcimimetics, which was sort of as expected. So I just wanted to circle back to make sure there's nothing sort of going on in patient mix. And particularly, if there was a bit of a headwind, that would sort of be odd given that I understand that the mortality that you're seeing amongst COVID patients is mainly elderly patients. So if anything, it would be a slight tailwind to patient mix. And then - so just some clarification on that would be great. And then the second question, for your extra COVID costs around your teammates, what proportion or sort of how much of that was for child care and that - could that possibly decrease, notably now that schools are back in person for the most part, and hopefully will continue to be.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So Lisa, let me grab the RPT one. The government stuff is a seasonal thing that happens typically in Q3 around reenrollment in Medicare. In terms of the commercial side, you are right that COVID is a small - a small tailwind that helps our commercial mix to some extent. Because mortality is differentially impacting older patients who are more likely to have Medicare.
Javier Rodriguez: The second part was around the cost of child care?
Lisa Clive: Yes.
Javier Rodriguez: I think it's going to be fascinating to see what happens with the schools. I don't know, my kids and what I'm hearing from our teammates is that it's been very fluid. We've had a wide range from people that have been staying at home the whole time to all the way to full-time in school and somewhere in between. There's been positive starts and finishes. So what we're trying to do is support our teams and create the resources so that they can go to work. And so we've got some safety nets and different programs that we're funding. And we hope that we have them covered. Of course, if this gets materially worse and we go back to a really acute shutdown, everybody will be in the same pickle. So we prepared for that. And again, it's all in the bandwidth of how this pandemic behaves.
Lisa Clive: Okay. So it sounds like people still do need the extra support. So it's not - it probably isn't - the costs probably aren't decreasing on your end at this point.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Lisa, I mean, look, the different parts of the country are at different ways of handling the education system. And so we're seeing different pockets of expenses and demand and constraints on our teammates and how they're handling their child care. So it's been bumpy and regional.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. More broadly, I'd say, as we think about the COVID impact on Q4, our expectations, is it a look closer to what we saw in Q2 than Q3, and it's likely to be a negative rather than the positive we saw in Q3.
Javier Rodriguez: Sorry, just to clarify that encompasses everything, right. That is not the narrow lens of education.
Operator: And our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank.
Philip Chickering: A few questions for you on the fourth quarter guidance. It looks like in third quarter, you had a 15% operating income margin despite the $66 million of advocacy costs and you're guiding to margin declines in the fourth quarter. Can you just help me sort of quantify what is implied within the fourth quarter margin and a little more detail on the positive COVID impact you had in the third quarter? I was a little unclear on that.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So for Q4, I think there are 2 things driving it. First is COVID. And as I just mentioned, we saw COVID was, call it, $20 million to $30 million positive to OI in Q3. For Q4, we're expecting something more like what we saw in Q2. So a large reversal. And so that's the biggest driver of the Q4 decline over Q3. We're also anticipating some seasonal and other stuff that will likely drive the more - the kind of the underlying earning power for Q4 down a bit, but COVID is the biggest driver of the margin decline that we talked about. In terms of Q3, as it relates to COVID, what you really see there is a bunch of positive impacts to the P&L associated with COVID. The ones I'd call out most are the sequestration, suspension, lower T&E, lower benefit costs. And the direct cost that we saw in Q2 largely went away, not completely went away, but to a large extent, went away. And the result was the offsets were larger than the direct cost, and that's why COVID was a net positive for the quarter.
Philip Chickering: Okay. So and if we take the midpoint of your fourth quarter operating guidance, let's say, $420 million, we - I think that for 2021, add in the $50 million of COVID swing. I mean, the sort of the core run rate here should be in the $470 million range. If we annualize that, is that how we should be thinking of that from a base running into 2021? Or just assuming that COVID slows down? Or is there anything that would sort of skew that logic one way or another way?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So look, COVID, there's a lot of uncertainty about COVID in Q4. So I don't want to get overly precise. But if you're looking for a jump-off point for modeling next year, I think full year, adjusting for the 3 big items, which are calcimimetics, ballot initiatives and COVID, is the right way to think about the starting point for a model for next year. I will point out, as I said calcimimetics. But remember, we've called out calcimimetics as roughly flat in 2021 versus 2020. The reason I call it out is because in 2020, we viewed it as nonrecurring. In 2021, it will be a recurring part of ROI.
Philip Chickering: Okay. And then one more follow-up question for you. We're hearing that home dialysis is continuing to accelerate. Is there any way to help quantify what the operating margin leverage is for every 100 basis points of patients who move from a center into home? How much of a margin impact is that to your bottom line?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. We haven't given that number. It's a very complicated question, and it moves over time. It depends which patients are moving from in-center to home. So we've generally shied away from trying to put a specific number on that.
Philip Chickering: But overall, it is a - the move to the home overall as a net operating margin improvement for you, correct?
Joel Ackerman: Yes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Whit Mayo with UBS.
Benjamin Mayo: Let me follow-up on that last question just a different way. What's the difference in the nonacquired treatment growth profile of in-clinic versus home? I know home is growing much faster as Pito alluded to. But if we stripped out the home, what would the in-clinic growth rate look like?
Joel Ackerman: Sorry, Whit, I'm struggling - well, first of all, it's a hard number to give in the context of COVID, where NAG is moving around so much. Are you asking now? Or are you asking in kind of pre-COVID?
Benjamin Mayo: Pre-COVID.
Joel Ackerman: What we've historically said is that the home is growing about 5x faster than in center.
Benjamin Mayo: Okay. Well, maybe just follow-up on maybe kind of a rule of thumb to think about the conversion of in-clinic and home.
Javier Rodriguez: I'm sorry, was I not asked?
Benjamin Mayo: No, I guess I'm just trying to kind of - if we're growing, let's say, 1% at the enterprise level on NAG. And home is growing 8% or 10%. And I guess, we can follow-up. It's fine. I may have missed this earlier, but what was one-time about the commercial revenue decline in the quarter? Was this normal payer settlements that just went against you?
Joel Ackerman: Just normal fluctuations, nothing worth noting, nothing that I think will recur in any way or has any impact on how to think about our commercial rate going forward.
Benjamin Mayo: Okay. And maybe one more, just - I don't know if you gave this already and I missed it, but the calcimimetics RPT and the cost per treatment.
Joel Ackerman: I have not given those, but I've got them handy. Hold on 1 second. So for Q3, RPT for calcimimetics was $6.31 and for - and cost per treatment were $4.31. So if you think about the OI from calcimimetics in Q3, it was about $15 million.
Benjamin Mayo: Okay. And the expectation maybe for the fourth quarter, I know we've got ASP down a bunch.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So we've called out $50 million to $70 million would be at the high end of the range. I think we can continue to think we'll be near the high end of the range. We might actually be a little bit above it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Taylor with JPMorgan.
Gary Taylor: Joel, maybe just going back to the home versus in-center. You said it was a complicated question. So I'm going to ask it a little more complicated fashion. When you talk about the home incremental margin, is that percentage or dollars? And when you think about a center that's up and running and the contribution of an incremental patient versus sort of a fully loaded patient, does that change how you think about the answer? And then does PD or home hemo change how you answer the question?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So it's true for both percentage and dollars. In terms of the other things you cited, all those things factor in. They're into it as does treatment, as does commercial mix and a bunch of other things.
Gary Taylor: Okay. I think that's helpful. I think I understand which way those swing. I was just looking on advocacy costs, $66 million in the quarter. Those were immaterial in the 2Q, I think?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes.
Gary Taylor: Is that right? And a year ago, third quarter of '19, I would have thought they were material. I couldn't find them in my notes. If you don't have them handy, I'll follow up.
Joel Ackerman: So Gary, as a reminder, we think about our advocacy costs in 2 buckets. There's about a $30 million number that recurs year after year. And that's really not what we're referring to. That's baked into all our other numbers. This is the advocacy specifically related to Prop 23, the California ballot initiative, which happened in 2018. So there was nothing in 2019. It's - right now, it's an even year issue.
Gary Taylor: Okay. Just two more quick ones, if I could. You haven't really talked about ETC very much, and you didn't cite it in your headwinds, tailwinds. How are you thinking about treatment choices next year?
Javier Rodriguez: Gary, thank you. I'll grab that. The EPC came out, cleared out some things, made some improvements, which we're very appreciative to the administration that they heard from the community. We're going to obviously work really hard to meet their objectives because they're aligned with our objectives, which is to get more people to the right modality and to make sure that as many people as possible can get transplant. If you're looking for something as to what to plug into your model, the reality is it's a bit early, but I'm going to use CMS and what they said. They said that it would be a saver of $34 million over 6 years. And so - and that's for the entire industry. So if you grab 1/3 of that. And so my understanding is, it's a little more forgiving on the front end and then it grabs a little more on the back end. But as you can see, the numbers are digestible.
Gary Taylor: Got it. And then last one, any thoughts around how DaVita might eventually participate in CMS direct contracting? In a lot of ways, at the surface, that sounds like exactly what you've been asking for, for CMS for your patient population for a long time. So it does seem like potentially, there'd be - I don't know how you play out in terms of passive enrollment, but it seems like there would be an opportunity to do some voluntary enrollment potentially in your population. I'm sure you guys have probably looked at it. Any high-level thoughts on it?
Javier Rodriguez: Well, you're absolutely right that we continue to explore every option. We continue to go after Kidney Care Act, and we are evaluating all of these voluntary models. They come out with rules as we go, and so they're quite dynamic. And so one day, we're very excited about one format and then the rules come out, and it is either disappointing or harder for us to participate in it. And so we continue to evaluate it, and we will get back to you once everything is finalized. Yesterday, actually, for the voluntary model, the financial structure came out. It's roughly 100 pages. And so we're still digesting it, but we'll be back to you when we have a conclusion.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Ransom with Raymond James.
John Ransom: Good evening, everybody. Just kind of stepping back and asking maybe a bigger question. I mean, it would seem like the incentives are aligned between MA plans taking capitation from Medicare and then working with you to capitate these high-risk patients. And certainly, you had 8 years' experience with DaVita Medical capitation. I guess it's just not clear to me. Are we going to be stuck in this fee-for-service land 5,000 years from now? Is this just going to move, like, glacially? Or what's the impediment for getting this into a more global discussion? Because it seems like we're just stuck where we were 5, 10 years ago in terms of like 99.9% of your revenue still being just fee-for-service, and you have these food fights over $1 here, $1 there. I mean, just what's your perspective there?
Javier Rodriguez: Thanks, John. Well, we agree with you that there's a big movement right now. There's appetite, there's momentum, there's a lot of interest. These deals are a lot more complicated to do, setting up the baseline, setting up the incentives, so they're multiyear, so we can do the investment. But to your point, it's taken a while, but I think there is an intersection point right now of momentum. So it takes 2 to tango. And it feels like the other side is willing and we are ready. And so I think over the next couple of years, you're going to see a lot more of these deals come across.
John Ransom: Great. And then my other question is just if you go back to your last Analyst Day when you laid out your targets, I mean, there's obviously been a lot of noise with COVID and some temporal factors. But if we step back and look at what you thought then and what we think has changed structurally in the business, what would you point out that has changed either positive or negative as we think about the earnings power of DaVita?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So I'll take that. Fundamentally, we've made a lot more margin progress than we thought quicker than we thought we could and part of that comes from RPT, part of that comes from cost management. On the RPT side, I wouldn't point to anything specific. There's some mix in there. There's some rate, both commercial and Medicare that has improved bad debt. So it's pretty broad-based. And similarly, on the cost side, I think we've done a great job on productivity. We continue to see benefits. On the pharma side, we've managed some of the non-people costs in the clinics extremely well. So overall, driving the OI margin has been important. And then below the OI line, our interest costs are way down, and we bought back more stock faster than we thought we would. So there's no magic bullet in there. It's pretty balanced across the income statement, but we're super proud. I think the results have been strong, and we're really excited with where we are right now.
John Ransom: And if we were just to think, like, in the old world, if mix were the same and the world was the same as it was, are you still having scarcer fights over commercial contracts and revenue per treatment? And we're not talking about Medicare. Or have we sort of gotten past the period of contentiousness and some of these unfortunate negotiations years ago?
Joel Ackerman: Well, John, I mean, to be honest with you, it's weird what analysts and others hear. Because at the end of the day, the negotiation tends to be quite constructive and productive most of the time, and maybe it's that you hear of the outliers that are really contentious. But on average, we all try to get to the same output, which is can we deliver more for the patients? Can we offer the best network? And can we bring it in, in a way that flattens or improves the cost curve? And so we all sit down with the same goals in mind. And then just sometimes, it happens to be that people either us perceived as getting greedy or them perceived as being greedy. So there's not a meeting of the mind. But if you go back and do an inventory of how many of those were so contentious and drawn out, you can count them in your hand. And so maybe we just tend to remember them because they are so visible.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Larew with William Blair.
Matthew Larew: Joel, maybe I want to take one more swing at sort of the COVID dynamics 3Q to 4Q. And appreciate the attempt to quantify it. This is challenging. But just directionally, I'm still trying to make sense in my head which of those factors would be reversing in terms of the impact from a positive negative standpoint from Q3 to Q4? And maybe just at least understanding which items you're expecting reversal might help.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So it's a little bit more on the direct cost side. It's a little bit more impact from the treatment volume decline, and it's a little bit from reductions in the offset. So it's coming from all three of those buckets.
Matthew Larew: Okay. And then Javier, interesting update on the Kidney Smart platform and some good metrics there. Just curious, where are you seeing the most adoption? And then just would be curious what maybe your economics, if any, look like when you're partnering with folks to provide that platform?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. The economics are not there. So it's free and access to all the community. And so the - anyone could get it. And the whole hope there is, of course, that people can transition to modality planning, in many instances just get mentally acclimated to the lifestyle change that you're going to have. And so it is just literally a gift to the community and hopefully helps people transition into what is likely to be a very big lifetime lifestyle change. And so we're very proud of it. It's - if you've ever gone in, it's very comprehensive but easy to understand. And we think it's making a real impact in the community.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck: Just a couple of follow-up questions here. I appreciate you breaking down the guidance for EPS a little bit, but maybe you could break down the building blocks a little bit more. The operating income growth, is there a way to think about how much is revenue growth versus continued margin expansion from here? Because you're already above what you targeted for your 2022 margins. So just trying to figure out if there's more room to grow there.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, Kevin, I think it's a bit early for us to get into that level of detail. It can obviously play out in different ways over time, depending on some industry dynamics. It could also depend on some capital allocation dynamics. So I think we're going to stick with just OI and EPS.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then other question just being, you talked about - you're talking to Humana about doing a capitated type contract and - or value-based contract, I guess. And that, broadly speaking, there's a lot more interest in doing these types of things. How should we think about the profitability of these types of contracts? Not specifically Humana, but just in general, like when you enter DaVita, is the expectation that you would be doing it as a way to kind of maintain the current economics that you have on those patients? Or is there a view that since you're taking risk, you should be paid more and maybe making more off that patient for inherently taking risk on top of just the fee-for-service structure from the past.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I mean it's a fair question, Kevin. And the reality is that there's - it's not a simple answer. The starting point matters and the baseline of the structure of matters and then in some of these, you have to invest upfront to get the returns on the back end. And so there's not a smooth easy answer to that. But in general, I think what we're all trying to do here is bend the cost curve. And then if we can create a bigger pool for us to play in and participate in that hopefully we can participate in that. But it takes some investment upfront. And so that's how I think about it.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And I guess in the past, you've had issues with some of the way the government structures have been, where you kind of have this consistent adjustment to the baseline. As you deliver saving, your reimbursement gets cut. That's been where some of the prior demos have worked. My assumption is that the conversations with managed care are more amenable, I guess, in their structure that they're kind of more tied to the overall MA rate rather than to the savings that you deliver?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Usually in MA, of course, you have risk adjustment. And so on that, you get to acclimate to the patient there and how sick they are. And in the other government programs, it's been a little black box-ish. And then all of a sudden, at the end of the program and then after X amount of month, you find out that you were rebased. So it just makes it really hard to forecast how aggressively you want to invest, and that's been the biggest challenge that we've had with the government programs. And the opposite goes for MA that you could actually understand your risk, you can understand your level of investment in the upside and downside.
Operator: Lisa Clive from Bernstein.
Lisa Clive: Just one follow-up question about home dialysis. Perhaps a different way of thinking about it, the profit impact is, is there a notable difference in the length of time that a patient stays on their private insurance when they're in the clinic versus at home? I imagine if they're doing home dialysis, they can stay employed. So does that materially impact the number of months that they actually stay privately insured?
Javier Rodriguez: The short answer is no, that there's nothing magical about home versus private insurance. There's a preselection bias maybe that more people that work will pick home. And so if you might recall from capital markets, the other thing that's really important to remember is that roughly 85% of our patients that dialyze at home, dialyze in a center at some point. And so either on the front end or on the back end or even during their care. And so we've always debated on some of these dynamics that you're trying to get to economically or length of private pay, et cetera. Is it because of the modality? Or is it because of the patient that pick the modality? And we don't know.
Operator: And at this time, I'm showing no further questions.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Thank you, Michelle. Let me make a couple of closing comments. Well, it goes without saying, it is a challenging environment out there. And so I just want to thank again the dedication, the caring and the professionalism of our teams. It has really energized our entire organization. Secondly, we've delivered on the commitments that we made to you ahead of schedule, and we are really well positioned to deliver on our multiyear earnings growth. Stay safe, and thank you for your interest in DaVita.
Operator: And thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening. My name is Andy, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remark, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Gustafson you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, and welcome, everyone to our second quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. And joining me remotely today are Javier Rodriguez, our CEO; Joel Ackerman, our CFO and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. Please note that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our second quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Our forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter financial results. First I want to start as I did last quarter by acknowledging and thanking all of our teammates, especially the thousands of clinicians who provide our patients with life-sustaining care each and every day. The past several months have been amongst the finest and most exceptional chapters in our history, reflecting the compassion and the dedication of our teammates. The company's strong performance this quarter demonstrates the benefits of our patient-centric, comprehensive kidney care platform, beginning with CKD all the way through ESRD and transplant. The continuity of care that we offer our patients allow us to meet the patient where they are through offering modality options in the hospital, in the patient's home or in the dialysis center. We're now nearly six months into this pandemic. And if you were to walk into one of our centers, you still would experience a high level of energy and intensity amongst our teammates as they provide for the health and safety of our patients. We have supplemented our effective infection control policies by conducting COVID test for patients and teammates both within our lab, as well as with special partnerships with external labs. These physician and clinician-led efforts have enabled us to maximize the number of patients treated outside of the hospital, which of course is good for patients and has helped reduce the burden on hospitals. While we cannot know for certainty what lies ahead, I can say that we feel prepared to continue our work to keep our patients and our teammates safe. We had a strong financial second quarter. As a result, we're raising our adjusted earnings per share guidance for the year by $0.50 to $6.25 to $6.75. Our strong operational performance came despite investments and expenses we incurred in response to COVID offset by savings associated with COVID in the form of reduced travel and health benefit expenses amongst other items, which Joel will explain in more detail. Today, I'd like to cover four additional items. Let me start off by talking about treatment volumes and commercial mix, two of the largest uncertainties associated with the pandemic that we identified last quarter. Our patient census has been negatively impacted primarily by COVID related deaths delayed-by-patient starts on dialysis and we expect our treatment volumes for the remainder of the year to fall below the low end of the range of 1.5% to 2.5% provided in September. The patients that unfortunately passed away due to COVID were primarily among our older population, and therefore, were more frequently covered by government insurance. As a result thus far, we have not seen a material negative impact on our commercial mix, although with only three months of actual data on job losses, any assessment of our commercial patient population and their ability to access private versus government health insurance are preliminary. What we do know is that our private pay census fared better than expected in the quarter as our patients worked hard to maintain their employment and their insurance coverage. While the long-term impact of COVID remain uncertain, some natural offset exist and we believe in the resiliency of our business model. For the second topic, I'd like to share some exciting developments in our home business. As you know, we start from a leadership position in home with approximately 14% of our patient population on home modality and more than 25% utilizing a home modality at some point during their care journey. Our home growth continues to outpace our in-center dialysis growth by more than five times and during this pandemic we've seen a slight uptick in interest from patients wanting to dialyze at home. We now have over 28,000 home patients, who received training, education, lab drug and medication at over 1,750 programs across the United States. In fact, 95% of dialysis patients live within 30 miles of a DaVita home program. The scale of our home business is the result of many years of investment that we have made in capabilities, education and technology to help give patients and physicians the option to choose from dialysis, if it is right for them. Let me provide a couple of examples. First, several years ago, we launched our home remote monitoring platform, which enables daily monitoring of vitals for approximately 5,000 of our high-risk patients. In addition, early last year, we released a robust home telehealth platform, which now has a user base of over 19,000 patients. More recently, we've continued building out these platforms to provide patient support features like virtual disease management program, virtual patient support groups and capabilities that promote continuity of care and support return home therapy for hospitalized patients. We believe that these capabilities have allowed us to significantly increase the frequency of home patient touches to continue to enhance the quality of care and to help extend the amount of time home patients spend on the therapy. In fact that we already had telehealth in place, has also served as a significant advantage in our ability to keep these patients and their caregivers connected during the pandemic. A second example we're excited about is the launch of our Artificial Intelligence system that helps identify PD patients that maybe at risk for hospitalization, which is one of the largest causes of home patients switching to in-center dialysis. Home growth and innovation continue to be amongst my top priorities. And we continue to pilot many new programs and ideas around the country to help support patients for whom home dialysis is the best modality. We also believe that our full suite of modality offerings enable us to help patients seamlessly access the right modality at the right time in their dialysis journeys. Our patients can continue to benefit from our national footprint, our physician partnerships and our unique capabilities as we seek to lead the industry in growing home. My third topic is calcimimetic. As many of you know, we're now moving into the next phase of calcimimetic reimbursement as CMS proposed including calcimimetic in the Medicare bundle payment in the recently issued proposed payment rule for 2021. We believe that the TDAPA period gave CMS sufficient time to observe utilization and pricing data, especially in the light of the mix of IV therapy and oral therapy. Over the last couple of years, our physicians and our clinical teams developed patient-centric protocols to achieve our high-quality standards for care, which in this instance also drove down the cost for healthcare system, because the protocol resulted in a higher mix of low-cost generic drugs and a lower mix of higher cost IV alternative. We believe that the new rule will result in similar economics for calcimimetics in 2021 as we have guided in 2020 which will help to offset the underfunding of the remaining Medicare bundle. My last topic is Medicare Advantage. As many of you are aware in 2016, Congress enacted the 21st Century CARES Act to provide all Medicare eligible patients with the option to enroll in Medicare Advantage plans, including all ESRD patients. We believe that the ending of the barriers that have prevented active dialysis patients from enrolling in Medicare Advantage will be a positive development for many patients, providers and managed care organizations as this new rule will expand the opportunity to provide coordinated care to patients who suffer from multiple chronic conditions. Unfortunately, CMS' recent ruling that loosen MA network adequacy requirements for only dialysis services, calls into question the breadth of the choices available to dialysis patients. There are many factors that will shape the eventual enrollment in Medicare Advantage plans. And although we have no clear visibility we do continue to believe that enrollment in MA plans by ESRD patients will be gradual over the coming year. Now, I'll pass it on to Joel to provide an update on our Q2 results and to discuss our financial outlook.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks Javier. We had a strong quarter, despite the net headwind from our COVID response, primarily as a result of improved adjusted margins in our core Kidney Care business. Here are some specifics. Our non-acquired treatment growth slowed from 2.3% in Q1 to 1.6% in Q2. We believe the primary drivers of this decrease were COVID-related, as increased mortality and lower new patient starts were partially offset by a nationwide decrease in kidney transplants and lower missed treatments. We expect this net COVID NAG headwind to persist at least until this time next year. Total revenue was in line with our expectations as a result of lower volumes offset by higher revenue per treatment. RPT was up due to normal seasonality in co-insurance and deductibles and the temporary Medicare sequestration release, partially offset by lower calcimimetics revenue. As Javier said, while the long-term impacts of COVID remain uncertain, we did not see any net impact on our commercial mix quarter-over-quarter. There are a number of factors that we believe underlie this dynamic including among other things the job loss rate for our commercial patient population was lower than the national unemployment rate. Many of our commercial patients who were initially furloughed have since returned to work or expect to return to work. And finally we believe that our patients who were laid off have been enrolling in other commercial insurance such as COBRA and exchange plans at a higher rate than we have seen in the past. Adjusted operating income margin was strong for the quarter at 16%. On a year-over-year basis our margin expanded due to strong cost management across the P&L and an improvement in RPT. Calcimimetics contributed approximately $19 million to our operating income in the second quarter. Now let me give you some details about the impact of COVID on our financial results. For Q2 we estimate that we incurred expenses and other negative impacts on our operating income of approximately $85 million. Incremental compensation and benefits to our teammates was the largest contributor to these costs. Offsets in the quarter to the $85 million include among other things, decreased travel, lower health benefits expenses and lower facility and training costs. We also had the benefit of the temporary halt on Medicare sequestration that started in May. As a result of these offsets, we estimate that the net impact of COVID on our operating income for the quarter was between $20 million and $30 million. Looking forward to the second half of 2020, the impact of COVID is hard to forecast given the uncertainty and the progress of the virus and the economic impact. While extreme situations could occur that are beyond our range, we have incorporated a wide range of scenarios in our updated guidance including scenarios in which the net financial impact of COVID-19 in each of Q3 and Q4 could be similar to what we experienced in Q2. Let me next turn to our 2020 guidance. Given the strength of our first half performance, we are updating our guidance ranges. We are raising our adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance range by $0.50 from $6.25 to $6.75. We are raising the guidance range for adjusted operating income margin to 14% to 14.75%. We're increasing our cash flow guidance $800 million to $1 billion, an increase of $200 million over our previous guidance range. We are maintaining our guidance range for revenue of $11.5 billion to $11.7 billion but we now expect to be below the midpoint of the range due to the anticipated slowdown in volume growth. On capital expenditures, we provided an estimated range of $700 million to $750 million. We now expect to come in at the bottom end of that range as the pandemic has delayed some project spending. While we will not provide specific guidance on 2021 today, I do want to highlight some of the larger anticipated headwinds and tailwinds compared to our 2020 non-GAAP adjusted operating income. Primary anticipated headwinds are the volume and mix implications of COVID. The primary anticipated tailwinds include the assumed lack of valid initiative defense costs and hopefully a reduction in net COVID-related direct impact. On calcimimetics, while we still need to wait for CMS' final rule later this fall, we do not expect for calcimimetics to be a large headwind or tailwind to adjusted OI. Finally on share repurchases. We had indicated in March that we are temporarily suspending share repurchases. We did not repurchase any shares during Q2 or during the month of July. We are carefully considering when to restart our share repurchase activity and will do so at the discretion of management and within the authorization provided by our Board of Directors. With that operator, please open the line for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session of todays conference. [Operator Instructions] Speakers, the first question is from Pito Chickering from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Pito Chickering: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. If you can talk a little bit more about operating income guidance. Looking at the first half of the year at 16.2%, despite all these COVID costs and looks as though the implied, margin for the back half of the year is sort of between 12% and sort of 13.4%. So a pretty big decline. Can you sort of walk us through sort of how we would get there? Is it from the treatment growth sort of slowing down? Just walk us through the details of sort of how we get to sort of pretty big margin contraction in the back half of the year?
Joel Ackerman: Sure. Hello, Pito. I'll take, Joel here. So if you take the middle of our range -- well again we're not guiding to OI but taking the middle of our guidance, I think you would calculate a roughly $175 million decline in OI from the first half of the year to the second half of the year. The three biggest components of that are the reduction in calcimimetics profits, which as we've talked about in the past most of our number are $40 million to $70 million. And by the way, that we do expect that number to be in the top half of that range. So most of that comes in the first half of the year. Second is the ballot initiative in California. We've talked about that as a $0.50 a share cost and that is primarily in the back half of the year. And then third, I'd point to COVID that while the costs associated with COVID could come down over the course of the year, the offsets would also come down. And we're using a pretty wide range of assumptions around what could happen in the back half of the year with COVID, but the back half of the year will have two quarters' worth of COVID while the first half of the year really only had one quarter's worth of COVID.  So if you put those three things together, you'll get the vast majority of that $175 million decline. Couple of other things I'd point out. One is there were some relatively small onetime things in the front half of the year that aided OI and those could -- and there could be some negative onetime things in the back half of the year. And finally because of COVID and potentially other dynamics there are some costs that we didn't incur in the first half of the year and we think those could show up in the back half of the year and that could be anything from G&A projects to facility maintenance and those would be the other two components that would get you to that $175 million adjusted OI decline at the center of the guidance range. 
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then as a follow-up can you talk a little bit more about the final Medicare Advantage rule? Can you sort of walk us through sort of how that impacts your negotiations with MA plans? When do you think you'll start seeing impact from the changing rule? Is it a 2021 event? Because of the multiyear contracts is more spread out. And in your discussions with MA plans, have you had conversations around bonus payments for better managing patients or is it too soon? And then finally what's the checks and balances on the MA plans? They don't certify a network that is too narrow. 
Javier Rodriguez: Pito let me grab that. And Joel if you want to supplement it and you had several pieces if I miss anything please come at me again. The short answer is we don't know what the implications are. What we do know is that from a network adequacy there used to be an objective standard that had time and distance and now its subjective standard. It might mean nothing. It might mean that the plan's just now attest and life goes on as it did in the past. It also might mean that some plans might get aggressive and not have adequate standards in networks. So it's too early to tell. But from our perspective it is pulling out and discriminating against the ESRD patients because if you don't have the proper network adequacy you in essence are disencouraging enrollment. And so from our perspective it's just an unusual thing and it goes against the patient's rights. We waited for a very long time to have the ESRD patients be on equal footing to everyone and they deserve the right to pick MA just like anyone else. And so that was a disappointing part. As it relates to negotiations as you said we have multiyear contracts with most of our MA plans. We are working with them. We think that we combined can work well together, can work on MLR and could do really good things for the patients as it relates to coordination of care. But it is too early to tell as not many contracts have occurred. Did I miss any of your question? 
Pito Chickering: No. But I mean I guess the last one would be what are the checks and balances? So if the MA plan has to self-certify what's the balance to make sure that they don't self-certify a network that is too narrow? 
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. I mean that's part of the problem. But right now it goes into some kind of subjective attestation that they have proper network. And from our perspective of course what we're doing is keeping our radar up to make sure that the spirit of the law is adhered to. But we don't know how it will be enforced. 
Pito Chickering: Great. Thank you so much.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Just wanted to maybe follow up on that I guess you mentioned most of your contracts are multiyear contracts. So does that mean that you're entering 2021 with relatively similar economics within your MA plans as you have today in 2020? 
Javier Rodriguez: I think it's fair to say that. Yes, on any given year you have renegotiations, but it's the same every year. Once in a while they overlap. But it is a fair assumption. At this juncture of course, we still have the back end of the year to do negotiations. And there is a big appetite from us and from the plans on trying to do something that is useful and creative to the system so that we take more risk and provide higher end services to the patients. So we're still in the conversations. We'll see how it pans out. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Yes. And I guess it just happened a couple of months ago, so maybe not many contracts have been implemented. But I mean are you at all -- I assume you always have conversations with health plans. I mean, does it sound like they are planning for aggressive changes at this point? Or do you have any sense?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. I think the reality Kevin is that everybody is trying to do something constructive as it relates to this opportunity for the patients to have coordinated care. And so the plans and us are trying to see what risk appetite they have, what can our systems do, what can their system do, but both sides have big appetite to do something that's useful for this patient population. And so we'll see how that pans out over time.
Kevin Fischbeck: And is there a point in time this year where you think you would have a better sense of this on the Q3 call? Will you pretty much have good visibility as far as 2021 goes or do we have to wait until Q4 results?
Javier Rodriguez: I think it will take a little longer to play out because of the interplay of expirations and when contracts come up coupled with the fact that I don't know how COVID is going to impact negotiations. So if I had to guess I think it's going to take a bit longer than that.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then Joel, I guess as far as your calcimimetics point, I guess you're saying that next year it will be neutral to earnings. So if you're making close to $70 million this year, the thought is that it should be a similar number next year. Is that the right way to think about it?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So look there remains some uncertainty for next year, but there was certainly a scenario where the OI went to zero. So relative to that, we feel like we're in much better shape and I'd say 70-ish is a reasonable midpoint of the range. That said, I would highlight one thing that's important for the way we're thinking about OI going forward, which is we have called out calcimimetics as something that I guess, I'd call nonrecurring because of the TDAPA period and the nature of TDAPA reimbursement it is not permanent. As this enters the bundle next year, I would consider the OI that we are generating from calcimimetics to now be part of our core OI because it has permanent funding. It's a permanent component of the bundle. We're going to stop calling it out and in my mind it will become part of our core earning power of the business.
Javier Rodriguez: And Kevin, I'll just add one point in case it's not clear for some. The reason why we don't have a precise number and Joel will give you a bit of a range is because CMS is going to adjust the amount with Q4 ASP and we don't have an exact number, we have an estimate.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. That all makes sense. And I guess the way to think about it is that in the first half of next year, it will be a headwind. But in the back half of next year year-over-year it will be a tailwind because it will be uniformly spread out throughout the year, sort of, front-end loaded this year.
Joel Ackerman: I think that's a good way to think about it.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right. And then maybe last question. The -- it wasn't clear to me exactly. You mentioned about why the commercial mix was strong. I think you made some comments around your patients signing up for COBRA and buying alternative coverage that makes sense to me. But some of the other comments about less job loss and things like that. Can you go back over what you were getting at there? Why it would be the case that maybe so far at least that the job loss has been less impactful to your patients than it would be other -- than you would expect?
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So there are three dynamics affecting mix. The unemployment question is one of them. So let me tackle that. And we highlighted three things. One is job loss in our population is lower than what we're seeing in the national averages. And we think that is because the employment mix or not exactly what to call it of our commercial population leans more towards things like government and education and less towards things like hospitality and travel. So the sectors that our employees, our patients work in have been less impacted by the economic effects of COVID. So that's number one. Second lot of the unemployment that we saw in our population was the result of furloughs rather than job losses and a lot of those have reversed. So those patients never lost their coverage and they're now back at work or they expect to be back at work. And third as our patients have lost their employer-based commercial coverage, they have worked hard to maintain alternative commercial coverage either through COBRA or the exchanges. And we're seeing that happening at a rate higher than what we've seen historically. That said, we don't have a lot of historical experience with exchanges, because the exchanges didn't exist, during the Great Recession in 2008 and 2009. So that's the -- that's why we're -- why we think, we're seeing less of a mix decline on commercial related to unemployment. I would also point out that, mortality is actually beneficial to commercial mix in the short-term, because older patients are passing away at a higher rate than younger patients. And government patients tend to be older and commercial patients tend to be younger. So that's helping. And then the decline in transplants is also helping. Commercial patients get transplanted, at a much higher rate than government patients.
Javier Rodriguez: Kevin, I'd just like to state one thing an overarching important part that we've learned, and that is that in talking with our commercial patient, it has really reinforced how hard our patients work to keep their commercial insurance and how much they value it. And so that has been an absolute clear takeaway from this period.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right. Great. Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Andrew Mok from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Andrew Mok: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for the question. Just wanted to follow-up on, Medicare Advantage, as we approach the full open enrolment season what's the awareness level among your traditional Medicare patients that they're going to have the option to enrol in a private Medicare plan this fall? And relatedly, what are some of the patient education efforts you're doing on this topic? Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Let me grab that one. The -- as you would expect with any population and anything new the information flow is wide in range from the people that are up to speed to the people that are completely uninformed on it. And what we're working really hard to do is to have totally unbiased and objective training, that is customized to each person. So you can look at it from your personal perspective, because what's good insurance for one person might not be good insurance for the other, depending on what you have as a secondary coverage, or what your family needs are, or where you are in your life. And so our main objective is for people to have a balanced perspective that are aware of their choices and actually gets them to pick what's right for them. And the knowledge base is pretty much all over the place.
Andrew Mok: Got it, okay and then just wanted to follow up on the strong cost management in the quarter, can you put some numbers around some of the productivity and G&A gains you saw in Q2? And how much of that you think is sustainable, heading into 2021? Thanks.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So there's nothing in particular, I'd call out on either of those things. The -- there's -- I'd say, on the G&A maybe there's a little bit of a question on whether we're going to give some of that back in the back half of the year. And that's some of that half one over half two bridge that I put back -- that I pointed out at the beginning of the call. But there's nothing unusual that I'd call out other than that.
Andrew Mok: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good afternoon. Thanks for the question. First, just one more on Medicare Advantage networks, Javier, I was a little surprised when you answered previous questions saying you might not know how the networks look by your next call. And the -- my understanding of MA the plans have to put out their products by I think, its mid-October. If they were -- at that point don't they have to publish their networks? Wouldn't you know whether you're in or out of the network at that point, for 2021 at least?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes you're absolutely correct, Justin. So maybe I was answering a different question which is I think what I was answering is well you understand the sustainability of there's going to be macro changes. In the short-term networks, I don't anticipate anything major changing. I could be surprised, but I don't anticipate that. What I was answering is how it will change over time. And I thought that, by then we would not see how it will behave over an extended period of time.
Justin Lake: Got it. So the takeaway is given your conversations and given how late, we are in the year already, you don't think there's much likelihood of DaVita being removed from a network in Medicare Advantage for 2021. But there could be some evaluation over time into 2022 and 2023, in terms of pricing and network design?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. I mean, I said differently you have some add backs, but you won't have a significant part of the portfolio or anything. And so that will play over time. And so you are correct in your assumptions that in the fall, we will have clarity. But as you know, you could be in the network in the fall and then a month or two later you can be out of network. So I don't know how much you can bank on that fall in network statement holding for the future.
Justin Lake: Got it. Thanks. And then, I wanted to ask about the -- I apologize if I missed this, Joel, but your revenue per treatment was up pretty significantly sequentially. Can you give us as much detail and that's with calcimimetics looking like its declining. So ex-calcimimetics, what's the number there and the sequential increase? And what are the kind of key drivers that you want us to focus on?
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So, ex-calcimimetics it's between $5 and $6. We're talking quarter-over-quarter RPT change. A lot of that is seasonal. And think of coinsurance and deductibles and some lower bad debt associated with patients flowing through those, that is by far the biggest factor. The other stuff is just some, I'd say, typical bouncing around of MA mix and commercial mix and a little bit of pricing. It's mostly a seasonal impact.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Joel, the only thing I would add to that is, there's a little sequestration in there as well.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Yes. I forgot about that. Thank you, Javier. 
Justin Lake: Yes, me too. So that's a -- 
Joel Ackerman: I am sorry, Justin, just to be clear, the number I gave backed out the sequestration. So that $5 to $6 was without sequestration. Sequestration is worth about $1.5.
Justin Lake: Okay. And what was calcimimetics worth? Since, we're on this topic.
Joel Ackerman: I know, someone was going to ask me that. I think it was $0.50 although, I'll get you that exact number.
Justin Lake: Is that revenue or profit?
Joel Ackerman: No, I'm sorry. Ignore the $0.50 number. The RPT from calcimimetics went from $9.55 to $7, so about a $2.5 decline as a result of calcimimetics RPT. The OI, so the dollar number went from $35 million in Q1 to $19 million in Q2.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then, in terms of commercial mix and commercial treatment growth, you're saying mix was flat and therefore commercial patient growth was similar to overall patient growth? And mix didn't have much to do with this, in terms of that $5 to $6?
Joel Ackerman: Right.
Justin Lake: And is this a reasonable number to jump off of ex-calcimimetics? Is this a -- do you think this is a good number for 3Q, 4Q that we should think about?
Joel Ackerman: I think it is a reasonable starting point, although, I think, you'll see that negative seasonality in Q1, you'd expect to see that next year. So don't use it as an annual run rate, but use it as a number for the next couple of quarters.
Justin Lake: Okay, great. Ill jump back in the queue. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Whit Mayo from UBS. Your line is now open.
Whit Mayo: Thanks. I'm still trying to wrap my head around the implied core growth in the quarter. You guys usually have tremendous visibility into a lot of the expenses, as you set your original plan. And now, we're looking at a number that's much higher. So it certainly seems to imply that something got much better. So I'm really kind of curious what that is, because as we net out the COVID cost in calcimimetics to sequester, everything you've laid out, I mean, it implies, by my math, that the core OI was up 8% year-over-year. So I'm just trying to take a crack at this from a cost structure standpoint again. Is there anything else that you can point to that has come in meaningfully below what your original expectations were coming into the year?
Joel Ackerman: So, Whit, if I were to try and to explain why the numbers are better than what we expected, first, it's all core margin. There's nothing unusual here. The business -- the core business is performing well. I would point to productivity being a bit better than we expected. Facility costs are a bit better than we expected. RPT is a little bit better, but that's offset a fair bit by volume being light. So, think of core margin largely driven by good cost management.
Whit Mayo: Okay. Is there any way to put numbers around either the COBRA or the exchange uptake? I mean, I presume you have a lot of data internally around your patients and their coverage. And I'm just sort of trying to wrap my head around the conversion rate into COBRA, because I presume that it's fairly high. So, I thought, I'd just maybe ask a little bit more directly the question. 
Javier Rodriguez: I looked at the question you're asking we don't disclose it in detail. But I think what you're trying to get to directionally is, do we have a big spike in COBRA that in 18 months or in some date in the future that will come to roost. Is that fair where you're going?
Whit Mayo: No that actually isn't the premise at all. I mean, I think the debate in the marketplace to be perfectly candid is that you have -- you're very dependent on your commercial mix and so people have been concerned. And I think my point is that a lot of these patients find that they have alternative options and a great number of them a high percent buying coverage through COBRA. So it was actually -- the premise was totally the opposite.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. I think what I would say is what we said earlier which is -- and I think it's consistent to what you're saying. Yes, our business relies on that patient population in an incredible way. We have been very impressed with the passion that our patients have to keep their commercial coverage in one way or another. And as Joel said, there's a big distinction between furloughed versus permanent job loss and we have seen that a good chunk of our patients that are working that were furloughed are back to work. And then out of the ones that had permanent job loss, which the number again was less than we anticipated many have had alternative coverage. I think that, covers the whole spectrum there. 
Whit Mayo: No it's helpful. And maybe one last one and this is perhaps an impossible question but I thought I'd ask it. Javier what is a hypothetical Biden administration mean for DaVita and the industry? I mean the charitable premium rule has been sitting out at the OMB forever. I mean that was obviously, there under the prior administration who knows, if that revives itself I have no idea what the status of it is. And we rarely talked about public option Medicare expansion on these calls maybe we're all just smart enough to be more skeptical on policy like this. But I'd just be curious to hear your general thoughts about what Biden would mean?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. It's a great question one that we've talked about. In general, what we try to do and we've done a decent job is to make sure that we're talking to both Republican and Democrats because our issue goes across both sides. I mean, the biggest change that we can think of as it relates to the policy is probably one of tax and whether they're able -- if there is a Biden administration whether you also have the Senate or not will obviously be a big driver of tax policy. As it relates to health care policy, as you know, it is a -- as you said a much bigger lift to change and we will of course be a part of it. But what we want to do is continuing to push and advocate for our patients and for integrated care regardless of who's in the White House.
Whit Mayo: Okay. Thanks, a lot.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Gary Taylor from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Gary Taylor: I wanted to just come back to one topic that's been asked about a few different ways and I'll ask it a little bit different see if I can get a little more help. Obviously, an amazing job on expense management maybe 2Q is turning out to be the amazing cost management quarters. But when you had laid out last quarter up to an incremental $100 million of COVID expenses, which is like $13 a treatment certainly didn't think patient care costs would go up $0.62 sequentially. So I've heard the comments about the productivity the facility costs health benefits. I guess, could we just talk a little more about the source of the productivity? I know you would even for a period of time I think were paying an extra $100 a month to a fair number of your teammates and it's kind of the opposite of productivity you had set up some split shifts to sort of isolate COVID positive and suspected patients. So the whole orientation, I guess was this is going to be the opposite of a really strong productivity quarter and yet you've performed really, really well. So maybe just some examples of how you're finding this productivity and what sort of facility costs? And was the health benefits piece just your own employees consuming less health care and that was quite material. I know you've been asked several times. So just anything incremental would just help us sort of think about modeling going forward. 
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. There's a lot going on and we're very proud Gary of the cost management situation. So let me try to be as helpful as possible because there are several things. First a clarification yes on our health care expenditures our teammates just like everybody else used less benefits on non-essential care. So that is one. Number two our caregivers' sense of purpose was really passionate and so therefore we had less turnover because people felt that sense of obligation to take care of our patients. And so the combination of economic need and appreciating a job, while so many people were furloughed and lay off and the sense of commitment to our patients had less training expense. And then the last thing that I would say is that also there were some of our teammates that were COVID positive. And so what we ended up doing is having to have basically in some places like New York and others where staffing was really at a premium. And so when you cohorted centers, et cetera which is what you're alluding to earlier sometimes those shifts were not as inefficient as we anticipated, because those shifts tended to be more full than once anticipated. And so if you have a full COVID positive shift even though it's cohorted, it's not inefficient. When it's really inefficient is when you have one or two patients in it. And so the cumulative math compounded over the quarter and we were very diligent in trying to manage it all.
Gary Taylor: That's helpful. Two more quick ones. On the $35 million legal charge was that related to any legal issue that had been historically disclosed in your filings? Or was this professional liability issue? Or is there any other color on that? 
Joel Ackerman: Yes, I'll take that one Gary. It was related to shareholder litigation that's been hanging out there for a bunch of years related to CPA. Our view is what we did was appropriate, but to just clean this up and move on we thought it was worth settling this. So it's related to that issue.
Gary Taylor: Thank you. And then just last one for me. And I've just forgot the difference between your 0.7% increase in treatments per day and your 1.6% normalized when you have the exact same number of treatment days 78.0, 78.0 so the calendar isn't driving that and I don't think there's been divestitures. So I'm just trying to recall how we square that difference?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. There's a bunch of noise associated with divestitures and some other things, but there is one big movement that I would highlight there, which is we had a bunch of clinics that we deconsolidated as of the first of the year. And those are treatments that we would back out of NAG, but we don't back them out of the treatment count. And that's worth I think about 50 bps of the difference.
Gary Taylor: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Matt Larew from William Blair. Your line is now open.
Matt Larew: Hi. Good afternoon. I wanted to ask a little bit about the footprint. I think we heard on the first quarter that in terms of the footprint build, I think you said maybe wait and see in terms of what happens with industry volumes and what happens on the home side, and obviously 28 new centers. And then maybe added on to that after a couple of years of kind of a stagnant OUS number, I know there's a lot of rationalization going on. You've now added about 40 new centers OUS in the last four quarters. Maybe just an update in terms of development both on the U.S. and OUS side? 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I'll take that one Javier. So most of the action is on the U.S. side as you would expect, the number there is a bit of a lagging indicator, because it depends on when we get certified by CMS. If you wanted to think about a number that tracked more carefully with the decision-making and the CapEx number, it would be based on when the clinics are completed what we call a certificate of occupancy, and you'd see that number much lower. So for next year, I don't want to give a range yet, but you'll see that number come way down again. And I think going forward people want to understand how we're doing in terms of building capacity and being capital efficient. I think the development CapEx number is going to be a better indicator of that than the clinic number that we've disclosed historically. And that's driven partly by this timing issue. It's also driven by the fact that we're building more home-only clinics, which tend to be cheaper and aren't in the clinic count that we've historically disclosed. So the message is the de novo continues to come down as NAG comes down as we move more to home. There could be kind of an additional delay associated with COVID partly, because of a temporary decline in NAG partly, because it's just hard to build clinics in the context of COVID. But relative to the commitment we made around capital efficiency, I think we're continuing to deliver on what we said we would.
Matt Larew: Got it. That's helpful. And then I just wanted to ask a little bit about the comment you made around missed treatments. I know you mentioned that commercial patients tend to be higher in terms of transplants. But what do you see in terms of discrepancies amongst different payer classes for visit patterns did patients in the Medicare population tend to have higher missed treatments during this period and wasn't missed treatments much lower with commercial? I guess, just what does that look like amongst payer classes? 
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. We didn't break it out by payer class. But one of the things that we are very happy about the fact that missed treatments went down during this period, meaning that our patients who are taking the virus very seriously they were taking care of themselves and then we were able to take care of them outside of the hospital. And so, I would have to say that the math -- the way the math works that it was across all payer classes, but I don't know that with certainty because I didn't divide it by payer class. But in general, we were very happy to see that hospitalizations went down for our chronic population in a significant way.
Matt Larew: And then was there any change in terms of referral origin throughout the quarter? Or anything you see from COVID, I know normally about half your patients start dialysis in the hospital setting, but just curious as COVID has progressed and hospital visit patterns have changed a little bit, what you're seeing in terms of origination?
Javier Rodriguez: So I think your question is the way that we get our patients change meaning if there's less crashers into the hospital and going into our center first. And the short answer is that we have not seen a change a noticeable change in the way that our patients come.
Matt Larew: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Kevin Fischbeck: Hey. Just a follow-up on a couple of things. I guess first you obviously were at the low end of your treatment guidance for the quarter. It sounds like you're certainly below that for at least a few more quarters. How confident are you that this is purely COVID related and not a continuation of the decline I guess that we've been seeing in the last couple of years and you had a much higher growth rate. A few years ago, you've taken that down a couple of times. What amount of visibility do you have for this? Is this a temporary thing and we'll get back to the 1.5% to 2.5%?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Kevin, why don't I give you a little of the variables? And then if you want to attest the assumptions you can, because there is an interplay of several variables. And so in essence what would happen in the quarter is mortality increase. And as we've told you, it skewed toward the more older population. The acute volume -- the acute treatments went down and that's obviously in our mind because of nonessential care being delayed. So we think that that is absolutely COVID related. The incidents of our new patients came down as we talked to our nephrologist -- we tend to think just in a high level "Okay your kidneys failed you have to go dialysis." But the reality is that it's more nuanced than that. That you have some remaining renal function and sometimes your nephrologist has a decision to make are you better off starting dialysis with some renal function? So that you do better on that therapy. And right now during the pandemic they're saying "Is it better to start you off a little later?" So we saw our new patient incidents decrease. We of course saw no visitors because of travel restrictions. And then we saw a decrease in transplants because obviously transplants were shut temporarily which in essence was an offset and so -- and then as we already talked about, we saw missed treatments go down so that it was also an increase to volume. So when we net all of that and we give you what we expect in the back end, our assumption is that over time this is likely to normalize except of the impact on mortality over time.
Kevin Fischbeck: So all that makes sense. Does that then mean like just kind of in response to the last question about how patients are coming in that you're not seeing more patients crash now, but you think that if this continues that we will then see that and not that that's a good sign at all, but it would be at least a good sign that fundamental demand is higher than what you're seeing?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. And that would be all speculative. I'm just telling you what our nephrologists are telling us about their practices. And most of the practices for a little while obviously were shut down for the nonessential care that we're still rounding in the hospitals. So what we're anticipating now that we're talking to our nephrologists and their practices are back open is that they have not seen any dramatic change. And of course that's not scientific. We're just telling you what we're hearing from our nephrology practices.
Kevin Fischbeck: Got it. And then I guess you talked earlier about how this quarter is coming better because productivity has come in better than expected. Is there a reason to think that these productivity gains cannot be maintained into a more normal operating environment if COVID starts to go away next year? Can you keep this productivity going? I don't think you mentioned that as one of the headwinds to 2021?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes productivity will be interesting. Of course, some of the things will go away. People will end up going back to the doctor and our benefit expense will go back up. As it relates to training expenses and retention, I think that will be highly linked to the economy and how that's doing and how people are feeling about valuing their job and the sense of purpose that we're giving them. And so I think in general, you could say it would -- it could stay and then you could make an argument that it'll go back to what it was. But I think it will be highly linked to what the broader economy is doing and how COVID is impacting the time.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right. Great. Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Justin Lake: Thanks. A few follow-ups here. One, Joel your corporate and ancillary segments look down pretty materially 2Q versus 1Q. Just curious, if you can note anything there and how to think about those numbers in the second half?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I am trying to remember, if there's anything in particular. We had a severance charge built in. It was about $12 million, and I'm trying to remember if that was Q1 or Q2. I'll get you the news on that.
Jim Gustafson: I'll answer it Joel. That was Q2 and that was in the corporate segment. Q1 had a large benefit in international, which is in the strategic initiatives segment from exchange rates and it swung a little bit the other way.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. We had -- thank you, Jim. I appreciate it. We had $10 million of positive foreign exchange in Q1 through international and that swung to a $4 million negative in the second quarter.
Justin Lake: Great. That explains it. Thanks. So then, back to Whit's question the -- obviously the -- on your comments around COBRA and exchange take up being greater. Given where the economy is going that's a pretty important swing factor. And obviously, it sounds like it's going better than expected. So it would be helpful to us to kind of understand where it's been historically, and where it is now? Could you share us just even round numbers?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Well, I won't give you round numbers, and let me make sure I'm answering the right question Justin. Are you asking mix of COBRA versus other commercial insurance?
Justin Lake: No. I'm asking the -- you said, there's been a pretty material increase in the number of people signing up for COBRA exchanges when they lose their job versus what you've seen in other periods like this?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. What I would say right now, without getting into details is I'll just reinforce what I've said that our patients are very passionate about keeping their commercial insurance for a variety of reasons including their family coverage and some believe that it enhances their odds of getting a transplant. And in some instances it's, obviously, the cheapest coverage with the most flexibility. And so, they're making those decisions carefully as they know it impacts their life in a nontrivial way since they consume so much health care.
Justin Lake: And then Joel, you gave 2021 headwinds tailwinds.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. 
Justin Lake: And you didn't mention Medicare Advantage accelerating growth as a tailwind to 2021. So I'm curious is your view that we shouldn't expect it to be impactful next year? I mean you don't think it's going to ramp versus what we've seen in the last two or three years? And if so, why not?
Joel Ackerman: Well, I think we've been pretty consistent with what we've said about Medicare Advantage, which is we don't see 2021 as this huge inflection point in enrollment. We think MA enrollment will continue to grow. It could grow a little bit faster next year. But we've just had a different view than others in the industry. We think a lot of our patients are happy with their Medicare fee-for-service coverage. There is some level of inertia. And we just don't see it being this massive uptake in one year.
Justin Lake: Got it. And I just think there's a pretty big delta between massive uptake and what looks like a couple of percent increase in penetration a year, maybe a little more. Right, so are you saying that you really think it's probably going to be the typical 200 to 300 basis point increase that we've seen in the last few years relative to what I think some might have expected it to be more like 500 plus?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Let me jump in, because you have as much information as we do on this Justin. What we can tell you is we're roughly around 25% of the Medicare patients are picking, have MA in our population. You probably have a better number than I do, but the industry tells is around 35%. And so everybody continues to say, will it be more than 35%? Are we going to get to 35% in year one of enrollment? And what we've consistently said quarter-over-quarter is that we think it will be more gradual and we think it's more gradual for some of the dynamics that have been said today that there's a patient population that's uninformed. There's a patient population that likes status quo, and so don't underestimate inertia. If you say, well, even though there might be a better product for me. I like my product or I'm satisfied with my product, and many people just don't have interest in switching, because they fear the unknown. And so, we're just saying change for some are hard and we think that it will be more gradual and we could be wrong. But what we want to make sure is there's a time where there was a lot of people saying that the change was going to be very, very fast and it was going to be a quick ramp up. And while they could be right, we don't think that that's the way it will play out. 
Justin Lake: Okay. Thanks for the color, guys.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Justin.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Pito Chickering from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open. 
Pito Chickering: Hey, guys. Thanks for the follow-up. I'll keep this brief due to the time. Can you remind us of what your commercial pricing was during 2Q? And has it been relatively stable for 2020 so far? 
Javier Rodriguez: I'm sorry, what is the question on commercial pricing? 
Pito Chickering: Can you -- could you tell us what commercial pricing was? Did it increase in 2Q? And has what you've seen in the commercial pricing been fairly stable so far in 2020? 
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. There's nothing to call out on our commercial pricing. 
Pito Chickering: Okay. How much productivity that you guys saw in 2Q came from shifting people into the home setting?
Javier Rodriguez: I don't know the answer to that. Joel, do you know the answer to that? I mean, in general -- 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I think we're not going to get into the nuances of productivity changes on a quarter-to-quarter basis. I think the message we're trying to deliver is we continue to do a good job on cost management. It's driving good margins in the core but I don't think we're going to get into that level of detail. 
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then last one here is I may have asked this probably earlier on the call, I guess opened up 28 centers during 2Q. To your point that's a lagging indicator of where things are going. If we think about sort of, 2021 in terms of the split between home clinics and standard clinics what's the right split as these eventually flow through into where you guys want to target opening in clinics? 
Javier Rodriguez: I do not have the number in here, but Joel keep me honest that our number is roughly 50-50 on our growth for next year between in-center and home centers. 
Joel Ackerman: That is correct. 
Pito Chickering: Perfect. Thanks, guys very much. I appreciate your time.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you, Pito.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Whit Mayo from UBS. Your line is now open. 
Whit Mayo: Thanks. You guys just have to cut us off. I've got one more because I've had several e-mails on the topic of revenue per treatment. And you reported $3.52 in the quarter take out $7 for calcimimetics we're down to $3.45. I calculated the sequester maybe being $1.60. So I'm getting down to $3.44 and you did the same math last quarter it was $3.38. So you've got $6 of growth in the second quarter versus the first quarter. So I guess the question is if your commercial mix is largely flat versus the first quarter. What drove that incremental improvement? I mean historically there's not that much seasonality in the pricing when we reflect back on prior year. So just trying to flesh out if there's anything else that might be influencing that number up? 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So Whit it is largely seasonality. I think we're seeing a little bit more seasonality this year because of some bad debt dynamics. But I would say about two-thirds of that $6 and your math is pretty spot on is seasonality. The balance is I'd say normal fluctuations. 
Whit Mayo: So when you say bad debt does this mean that patients have already run through their deductible? I guess I want to maybe understand a little bit more exactly what -- 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. As patients run through their deductibles and their coinsurance and there are some other dynamics that play through in bad debt. That's exactly what it is. It's exactly what you'd expect I think. 
Whit Mayo: Okay. Okay. But no other like payer settlements or anything unusual that -- 
Joel Ackerman: Nothing else to call out. It was -- I think Justin asked me before is this a reasonable RPT to use to start your modeling for the rest of the year? And I think the answer is yes. 
Whit Mayo: Thanks for the clarification.
Operator: Thank you. At this time speakers, we don't have any questions on queue. 
Javier Rodriguez: Well, let me thank you for all the questions and thank you for the interest in the company and let me finish with three statements. Number one, I just want to reiterate how proud I am of the care and the accomplishment of the team. They are working non-stop and it is a beautiful thing. Number two our core business is strong. And number three we continue to make great strides on our capabilities to advance the care continuum across home hospital and in-center. We look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Be well and stay safe. 
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good evening. My name is Cath and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Gustafson, you may now begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to our first quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. And joining me remotely today are Javier Rodriguez, our CEO; Joel Ackerman, our CFO and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. Please note that during this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our first quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly report for the first quarter of 2020 on Form 10-Q, which will be filed today. Our forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Jim and good afternoon everyone. I hope that you and your families are healthy. Let me begin by expressing my sincere appreciation for the 65,000 nurses, patient care technicians, social workers, dieticians and other caregivers worldwide, including many nonclinical workers who are on the frontlines of care with our physician partners. These people are living up to the meaning of DaVita, which is to give life during this global crisis. Their courage and dedication to helping others is a source of energy and inspiration. I want to extend that gratitude to all healthcare organizations and caregivers around the world. For today's call, I'll discuss three topics, our response to the crisis, the impact of COVID on our business and our decisions relating to the CARES Act. At Capital Market, I talked about the strength of our platform and our ability to provide continued care to dialysis patients across all sites of care from the hospitals, the patients home and in our clinic. Our response to COVID highlights the resilience and the strength of our teammates and demonstrates the power of connecting the multisite platform. Let me give you a few examples to bring it to light. First, we're leveraging our national scale with the resources team and our geographic footprint to open and operate dedicated clinics and treat dialysis patients who are suspected to be COVID positive, which has helped to free up precious hospital resources. The dialysis industry in partnership with the government has joined together to help maintain continued care for dialysis patients by creating isolated COVID capacity that can be accessed by other providers. Next, our position as a national leader in home dialysis to serve our patients well by supporting continued growth of home dialysis during this crisis and helping to provide continued care for all of our patients as they may have moved between dialyzing in home, in hospital or in center due to the virus. In addition, we've been able to utilize our leading telehealth capabilities to allow us to expand the treatment of our patients in the safety of their home, while maintaining access to their care provider team. With the support of the government, we're now using that telehealth platform to provide further support for in-center patient care. Finally, in our over 900 hospitals where we deliver services, we've been able to allocate resources and shift caregivers to areas that most needs to help support patients and our hospital partners. Next, let me address some of the trends we're seeing while covering the expectations for the short and long term business impact of COVID. On the spread of the virus, we're experiencing similar geographic waves of COVID impact, if you've read about in the news. Initially the CDC wanted all COVID positive patients treated in the hospital as its pandemic spread however the CDC quickly recognized this is not possible in terms of providers like DaVita, whove been able to focus on infection control well before COVID to alleviate the burden from the hospitals and to treat stable patients in an outpatient setting. Today nearly 70% of the DaVita the patients are either COVID positive or suspected to be COVID positive are treated in one of our outpatient settings. The operational tasks of maintaining treatment three times a week to these COVID positive or suspected to be patient on cohortships[ph] tips and clinic has been nothing short of extraordinary, all while maintaining continued care over 230,000 patients whove show no symptoms of the virus, but are at risk with multiple other comorbidities. The near term impact on our business is still dynamic and somewhat uncertain. However, we're able to affirm our guidance for 2020 at this time. This may be in contrast that what you've heard from other providers who are maybe facing volume or liquidity issues due to the significant drop-off on elective procedures. As you know, dialysis is not optional it is life sustaining treatment that our patients need multiple times each week. The long-term is we have less visibility. We believe the economic impact of COVID on our business will lag the impact of the broader economy. The scope of the impact of COVID on our business will be based primarily on the duration of this devastating virus and its impact on unemployment generally. We expect that these factors would have a greatest impact on volume and mix. Volume as the growth of dialysis population is more uncertain due to the potential impact from the virus on the late stage CKD population and on the health status of our existing ESRD patients and our commercial mix, because the insurance mix of our patients could be negatively impacted by weakening of the broader economy. Next, I want to knock the administration swift response in this time of crisis. The administration collaborated with the dialysis industry by modifying certain policies and regulations to facilitate our ability to treat COVID positive patients in cohortships[ph] or clinics, where necessary. The administration also acted quickly by distributing funds to healthcare providers in an effort to ensure that patients uninsured and insured have access to the care they need during this time of crisis. We believe that the spirit and the intent of the government action with the relief fund was to prevent healthcare providers from closing their doors, not to help a company make their earnings targets. DaVita has been and will be able to continue to provide care for our patients, including the uninsured without the need for this federal funding. As a result, although we have incurred costs that fall within the parameters of the relief fund under the CARES Act, DaVita has decided not to accept this government financial support at this time. We believe that it's in the best interest of our company, shareholders and our country to allow these dollars to be redistributed to other individuals, organizations, or healthcare providers that's truly needed. ESG has been an increased focus over the last year and doing the right thing matters. In our opinion, the current healthcare crisis is an opportunity for companies to lead and contribute for the greater good of society and we are happy to do our part. Let me conclude with a comment on the DaVitas culture. In this crisis, the fact that our frontline caregivers know that they're part is something bigger, the ability has been a key part of our resilience. They are true heroes and they know that our entire company or as we say, our ability is doing what we can to support them. We know we still have an unpredictable future with this virus. We're thankful that we're village strong. Now, on to Joel to provide an update on our Q1 results and to discuss our financial outlook.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. I want to start by thanking all of our teammates who selflessly provide life sustaining dialysis care to our vulnerable patients. I am proud to be a part of this DaVita Village. Q1 was a strong quarter with relatively little impact from COVID. The details are in the press release and I can answer any questions during Q&A. I'll focus my remarks on financial details related to COVID. To start, the level of uncertainty that we face going forward is significantly higher than usual. The factors driving this include the severity and duration of the COVID pandemic, the impact on our patient population resulting in a potential decrease in treatment volumes and the impact on unemployment and commercial health insurance coverage. As a result of this uncertainty, financial outcomes are harder to forecast than usual and the range of possibilities is wider than usual. Our treatment volumes have remained fairly steady so far. For the rest of 2020 we expect volumes will be impacted by any changes in mortality, transplants and/or new patient admits resulting from COVID. On expenses, we're incurring elevated costs as a result of additional compensation and reimbursement for certain of our teammates to help offset some of the personal financial impacts of the crisis, enhancements to our overtime PTO and benefits policies. The creation of dedicated shifts to care for patients with confirmed or suspected COVID. Redistribution of teammates, machines and supplies across the country, labor hours needed to clean patients and teammates who enter our clinics, increased purchases and pricing of personal protective equipment for patients and teammates, higher investment and utilization of telehealth and development of educational materials for patients. Offsets to these expenses could include the suspension of sequestration beginning May 1, which we expect to add about $50 million for our revenue of 2020, as well as other cost reductions in our business. At this time, we're maintaining our 2020 guidance ranges for adjusted earnings per share, revenue, operating income, margin and free cash flow, but recognize the increased uncertainty given the rapidly changing dynamics related to COVID. The longer-term impact of COVID is uncertain and difficult to quantify. We believe that the two main factors considered are growth and mix. First on growth, our long-term growth could be impacted by changes in mortality in both the late stage CKD and ESRD populations due to COVID. This will depend primarily on the infection rates, base fatality rate and age and health status of the patients infected. Second, increased unemployment levels will likely lead to fewer patients having commercial insurance which creates earnings headwinds because of the higher reimbursement rates you receive from commercial insurance plans. We can't predict the net impact at this time, but I will highlight four important dynamics. First, when you consider the sensitivity of our business to a recession, we believe that the peak level of unemployment matters more than the shape of the recovery as many of our patients have a preference to retain coverage in the near-term, but maybe slower return to work in a recovery. Second, when estimating the peak unemployment it's important to recognize that a large number of individuals currently included in unemployment numbers are actually furloughed and are still receiving health benefits from employers. Those furloughed patients who eventually return to work may not face any disruptions in coverage. Third, a significant number of our commercially insured patients have coverage that is not tied to their current employment. This includes patients with individual insurance as well as patients on COBRA. This should help mitigate the potential change in our mix relative to the increase in unemployment. Finally, if our patients lose their employer based coverage, they have several coverage options including exchange plan where many patients can access tax credits and cost sharing reductions which is now available that came out of the 2008 recession, COBRA and Medicare and/or Medicaid. Looking at our balance sheet and cash generation, at this time we did not see material near-term negative impact from COVID. Out of an abundance of caution, in March, we drew down $500 million from our revolving credit line, which is reflected on our first quarter ending balance sheet. Given our current cash balance and near-term outlook, we expect to repay the revolver shortly. We also suspended share repurchases in March and have not repurchased any stocks subsequently. In the near-term, we expect to use caution with regards to capital deployment and we'll look to preserve financial flexibility and liquidity in the face of uncertainty. We believe that our cash flow generation and our balance sheet put us in a solid position to weather financial and operational challenges brought on by the current pandemic. This will allow us to continue to focus on what is most important, the health and safety of our teammates and delivering high quality care to our patients. With that operator, please open the line for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] All right, speakers, our first question is from Justin Lake of Wolfe Research, sir?
Justin Lake: Good afternoon. I appreciate all the detail, a few things here. One, obviously a really good first quarter, I was hoping that you can kind of walk us through what you saw relative to your own kind of internal expectations there and maybe delineate, what you think core growth was versus kind of any items we should think about?
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So let me take that. Hello, Justin. It's Joel here. I'd call out three things, although I would say it was broadly a strong quarter across many dimensions in terms of what stood out. One RPT was a bit higher than expected, although not in a way that would lead me to change any of my views about the full year. Second costs were well-managed very broadly, I'd highlight productivity, pharma, G&A is three things, although there it was a broad strength. And finally international was a strong contributor, part of that was strong fundamental growth, international just had a good quarter, but I would highlight there was about $10 million of foreign exchange gain in our  from our Asia joint venture that is non-recurring.
Justin Lake: That's helpful. So you talked about RPT being a bit higher than expected, but not in a way that change the views on the full year. Was there something that we should think about that benefited the quarter that doesn't reoccur, anything particular?
Joel Ackerman: Nothing in particular, the RPT number will bounce around a little bit from quarter-to-quarter, so nothing worth highlighting.
Justin Lake: And the cost side, I mean, again, like I'm getting  you guys have a core growth number that you kind of think about X moving parts because I'm getting something into teens.
Joel Ackerman: Well, I think it's a tricky quarter, are you thinking Q1-over-Q1?
Justin Lake: Yes, year-over-year.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Well, Q1 last year was not a particularly strong quarter and then Q2 came on well, so there was  I'd say there was some variability there. This year, the typical quarterly seasonality is going to be a little turned on its head usually Q1 is a weak quarter. This year you've got the positive calcimimetics and then in the back half of the year you'll see some negatives from ballot initiatives and as the COVID impact grows. So I think as you think about a full year number that the margin you're calculating there is or where the growth rate you're calculating there is something that I would be hesitant to just focus on.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then before I jumped back in the queue, can you can give us that calcimimetics benefit and the  the impact in the first quarter, maybe both the RPT and to operating income. And then it looks like the number's been caught in the second quarter by CMS. So how should we think about that for the rest of the year? Thanks.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So I'd say for the full year, I wouldn't change anything we've said about calcimimetics, which is 40 million to 70 million of OI for the full year. The Q1 number was 35 million of OI benefit. The RPT numbers, I'm looking for those  the RPT number was $9.5 in Q1 and the cost per treatment $4.90 and change, so $9.56 of RPT, $4.94 of cost per treatment.
Justin Lake: Thanks for the detail.
Operator: Thank you as well, Mr. Lake. Our next question is from Andrew Mok of Barclays, sir
Andrew Mok: Hi, good afternoon. Just wanted to follow up on the commercial rates, looking back at the last recession, it looks like you commercial revenue mix held up better than your commercial treatment mix. If that's something that could play out again through potentially higher negotiated rates on a lower base of commercial patients, should we see more permanent job losses?
Javier Rodriguez: Let me grab that way, Andrew. I think it's difficult to compare, at the end of the last recession of course we had a different dynamic going on. This one is very, very unique. And so we have number one, as Joel said, we now have the exchanges and so we don't know what's going to happen there and how many people will pick the exchanges. We still have COBRA and then we still have all of these people that have been furloughed. And so when you look at this as opposed to the last recession where we didn't have a whole bunch of people on what appears to be paused or furloughed for a bit, we don't know how that dynamic will play out. Last time there was not a lot of change in the rate dynamic, meaning the rate dynamic stayed similar to what it had been in the past. And I have no information to inform that would change. Did that answer your question?
Andrew Mok: Okay, great. And then just a follow-up question  yes, that's good. Just a follow up question on home dialysis, are you seeing any uptick in interest within your patients to pursue home therapy? And second, longer-term do you think this crisis will potentially accelerate the shift to home dialysis? Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. It's an interesting dynamic, many people are asking that same question. For now and again, it is so early in this that we don't know what the long-term implications are, but for now we saw a slight downtick, so little weakness, but then when you look at it, it's the placement of catheters that really impacted it. And then once the administration deemed it essential, that started to pick up. In addition, as we talked about, our platform really matters. Meaning that there's a lot of patients that start in center and then through education go home. Well, we saw that that number went down a bit because we didn't have a lot of educators and nonessential personnel in the centers, so we would not spread the virus. So therefore we had less of our patients in center moved home. And so when you add it all together, there's still a lot of energy, we restart 25,000 patients mark at home and we think that over time we will go back to the patterns that we saw pre-COVID which is roughly 10% or so growth.
Andrew Mok: Okay, great. Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you, Andrew. Speakers, our next question is from Kevin from Bank of America. Kevin?
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. I guess, wanted to ask about the, you guys announced kind of a big hiring push earlier in the year and you guys obviously highlighted a bunch of potential pressures and uncertainty as year goes on, including the impact of the economy. So just trying to understand, what the purpose of that the large increase in hiring was and how you thought about taking on additional costs essentially heading into recession.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, thanks, Kevin. I think when you think of hiring people, you got to put it into two categories. One is the G&A that gets spread out through all the clinics and then you have the frontline caregivers. And so what we announced, which was a big hiring was for frontline caregivers. And so what you're seeing is that sometimes in times like this where you've had a nursing shortage and you've had a robust economy, that it's a great opportunity to have a stable workforce. And so that's what you really saw. We had openings across the country and so we want to fill them now while there's lot of people looking for jobs
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. This is more about kind of backfilling open positions than it was about trying to add to fuel growth in some segment or anything like that?
Javier Rodriguez: Correct.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then I guess there's been a lot of press about patients with COVID in the hospital needing more dialysis. Has that impacted your business in any way either by managing the hospital outpatient dialysis clinics themselves or hospitals trying to clear out their dialysis clinics, pushing volume maybe in your direction, has there been any dynamic there?
Javier Rodriguez: In general, the short answer is that it is lumpy from geography-to-geography. And so in some geographies where the hospitals because of all the elective procedures have seen big decrease in census or acute have seen that as well if COVID hasn't hit that area. Of course there are other areas where COVID is quite active where we have seen an increase. But when you net it all out, it is nothing that you would notice in the economic model if that's what you're asking.
Kevin Fischbeck: Yes, that's perfect. And then you mentioned a number of the headwinds around the recession, any offsets that you can think of? I guess you kind of mentioned labor might be easier to come by in a recession. How do you think about the cost save opportunity versus the potential revenue pressures on recession?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. Joel, you want to grab it?
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So yes, I think there are really two ways to think about the cost mitigation and it really comes in two buckets. One is what you would expect to naturally occur in the context of a recession, which could be higher productivity because of lower turnover, lower training costs, other things related to salary, wage and benefit, so that would be one bucket. And then second is the levers we could pull proactively to take costs out of the business, recognizing that if there is mixed pressure, volume pressure that we have things we can do, we've got a resilient business model so there are actions we could take and mitigate some of those pressures as well. So there's a natural component to it and a proactive component as well.
Kevin Fischbeck: I mean to reread anything it's the fact that you're going to mention the headwinds without kind of these offsets. Would you expect that during a recession you would grow maybe below the normal range of allied growth or you still relative in that range during the recession?
Joel Ackerman: I would say it is too early to tell. There's just so much, we don't know yet about how this recession is likely to play out in terms of what the peak job loss will look like. How much of that is true job loss versus just furloughs, how this will roll forward and how much of we could mitigate when we think about mix. So I would say it's too early to tell how much of that we'd be able to mitigate from a cost standpoint.
Kevin Fischbeck: Right. Great. Thanks.
Operator: And thank you as well, Kevin. Speakers, our next question is from Whit Mayo of UBS.
Whit Mayo: Hey, thanks. Hey, good afternoon. I just wanted to follow up on Kevin's hospital question. I mean, that's a business that you guys have had some remarkable growth in recent years. I don't think the number of hospitals that you provide coverage has changed, but the revenue associated with those has been double-digits for many years. Can you maybe just talk a little bit about some of the factors driving that and how you contract with hospitals?
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. I'll try to give you a little color and see. In general that business is a very tough business, because of the cyclicality, meaning up and down and the demands of the hospitals 24/7. So it is a very hard business to enter. And so this is a place where our platform really shines and the hospital see the value of having the network and having the float pools where you can actually have the team to take care of the patient. So what we've seen is that a lot of hospitals value our value proposition and of course that would be included in the price and the service. And so we've seen that platform grow in a significant way.
Whit Mayo: Okay. So I mean, as I look at the number of hospitals and that there's 900 and you're growing revenue, 13%, I mean, is that the way to think about the organic growth of that business?
Javier Rodriguez: Joe, can you break down the revenue and the price or is that not something we want to disclose?
Joel Ackerman: Sure. Yes. That it's not something we disclose, but Whit, it has been a faster growing business than the core business, although very small and I would add it, it tends to be a lower margin business as well.
Whit Mayo: Okay. I had another question on calcimimetics and then a lot of the data's showing a progressive, I think uptick in Parsabiv use over Sensipar and the ASP is much higher versus Sensipar, can you may be refresh us just the economics between the two and what your split is today?
Joel Ackerman: I don't think we've broken out that split specifically. As you look at the spike that we've seen in calcimimetics profitability starting in two years ago and then last year and this year, it's driven largely by the oral and the gap as you know between how ASP declines and how our pricing declines. I think as we think about it going-forward, obviously as the tobacco period is coming to an end, the profitability of calcimimetics is going away. I think the important question for us is 2021 and the issue between the oral genetic and the IV is how does the bundling work and how will CMS reimburse us and what is it by drug, by patient or some other methodology. And that's really what will drive the economics.
Javier Rodriguez: And a quick reminder on that Whit, that the physicians pick whether it is IV or oral and so at the end of the day they might have a preference, right now there isn't much data and we know that the IV is a lot more expensive. So the physicians are feeling their fiduciary responsibility to do what's clinically equivalent or appears to be clinical equivalent at a much cheaper price.
Whit Mayo: Okay. That's helpful. And maybe just one last one back to just the comments on volumes and trying to think about what the impact of COVID will be on this patient population. And Javier you mentioned, looking at some of the CKD Stage 4 or Stage 5 patients and obviously, there's going to be an impact on your census today, I don't know, maybe if you could just elaborate a little bit more on kind of how you're thinking about what the longer-term impact can be from COVID-19 on the ESRD population.
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. And I'll try to be as helpful as I can Whit, but as you can imagine, there's just a lot of dynamics and it's pretty early in the game. So the first and probably the biggest disclosure is it all depends on the duration and the severity of the virus. And of course if we have another wave and all those sorts of things, but if you assume that there isn't going to be another wave just for the argument and to be an optimist here, you have to start to look at, okay did the virus actually impact CKD patients that would have been on dialysis and if so how much and what magnitude? Two is if you were going to look at something that could increase volumes is, did the virus actually do damage to people that wouldn't have had some kidney damage? And so that is too early to tell. On the other side, of course the preferred kidney replacement therapy would be a transplant. And if you were going to put a transplant into categories, there's the living donors and the deceased donors. And what we're seeing right now while the virus is active is that the living donors are coming down because of the risk of infection. And so there would be some potential changes in those numbers that would increase volume of dialysis patients. So those are some of the gives and takes that are going on, we don't know how it'll all net out and so we're keeping a close eye on it.
Whit Mayo: Well, that's helpful. Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Whit. Speakers, our next question is from Pito Chickering of Deutsche Bank, sir.
Pito Chickering: Good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking my questions. A few ones here, productivity was strong in the quarter. Can you talk about for these drivers of productivity was it consolidation, including the centers from last year? It sounds like it wasn't a shift to PD or home therapies. So what other factors led to increased productivity?
Joel Ackerman: Yes, nothing, nothing specific I would highlight other than, it's obviously labor is our largest cost item it's something we spend a lot of time focusing on and it's just something we need to manage well over the long-term, in order to deal with the fact that our RPT increases are below inflation. So it's just blocking and tackling that we just continue to excel at.
Pito Chickering: Okay. From COBRA benefits, have there been any changes to COBRA benefits in terms of the length people could stay on COBRA versus the prior recession?
Javier Rodriguez: My understanding is that I don't know of any COBRA expansion, but our patient population can add 11 months because of disability. So there's a disability extension. And so in essence, our patient population could have coverage for 29 months. I do not know if there's a COVID exception.
Pito Chickering: Okay. there is a lot of uncertainty, from a macro perspective at this point as we move into 2021 what's the impact that a Medicare Advantage can provide to your patients who are looking to reduce out of pocket costs and can sort of the uncertainty sort of add or fuel more people adopting Medicare Advantage, do you think at this point?
Javier Rodriguez: Well, there's a lot of different views on your question and at the end of the day it is just speculation because we don't know. It is a very individual and personal decision. But in general, the reason why people would pick MA is because it has a max out of pocket and it has some additional benefits. And the reason why people would stay in Medicare is because they're used to it. It has basically almost an unlimited network, if you will, which it doesn't have the restrictions. If you have secondary coverage, it really helps you in your out of pocket expenses. And so what we've said in the past and we continue to say is that, we don't have any information that would lead us to conclude anything other than our population would likely mirror that of the general population. The only reason why we are so different is because this is the only population that wasn't allowed to enroll in Medicare Advantage. So the only people that are there are the ones that enrolled pre their kidneys failing. And so there's going to be open enrollment. And now the question is what will be the environment in the fall? Will patients be able to sit with someone? Will they have a website? Will they be more nervous, more fatigue? Is the virus still with us or are we in a more normal situation? And the short answer is we don't know any of that. So I'm just giving you the data of how someone would pick one versus another.
Pito Chickering: Great. And then, so last question here just from a modeling perspective you'd walk through a bunch of costs, which we'll roll through for 2Q. Is there any way that there's some dollar value they can add to how much we should be thinking about these new cost being layered in during 2Q. Thanks so much.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So Pito, it is really tough to predict if there are a lot of moving pieces and again, the uncertainty around length and severity of the pandemic, et cetera, et cetera. I would also note that as we think about how we've modeled things in the various scenarios we played with, we've generally assumed that we're past the peak. We're kind of at or past the peak. We've got a whole bunch of  a whole range around at what pace the pandemic begins to taper. But we haven't modeled DNA a second wave. So, just as you think about our guidance and what we're comfortable with, I just wanted to point that out. In terms of specific numbers, we are thinking the number for April will be somewhere in the $30 million to $40 million range. I think it's reasonable to expect May will be in the same range. And then again, depending on how the pandemic plays out, we'd expect it to start tapering down.
Pito Chickering: Okay. And actually the last one, I apologize on, share repurchases. Like you're not taking any of the government granted at this point and because your point, you're viewing this as sort of past the peak at this point, when do you think that, that you will consider doing share repurchases again, it's just more of a third quarter event or if you guys walk into June and things are better, we guys began buying shares back at that point. Thanks so much.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So I can't give you a date, because we don't have one. We are certainly going to be cautious with capital deployment. Given all the uncertainty. I think we're likely to keep a higher level of liquidity than we have in the past. So hard to say when  how we're going to think about share repurchases going forward and when some of that caution might relax.
Pito Chickering: Great. Alright. Thanks so much guys. Great quarter.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: And thank you as well, Pito. Our next question is from Gary Taylor with JPMorgan. Gary?
Gary Taylor: Hi. Good afternoon. Just a few. Just to clarify on your last response, Joel, when you said $30 million to $40 million and  was that for April and May was that additional expense that you were additional operating expense you were just saying is it's plausible?
Joel Ackerman: Yes, that would be the incremental operating expense that we would expect related to COVID.
Gary Taylor: Thank you. And the decision to return the CARES Act funding, is that decision limit to the first 50 billion that's been distributed. Have you made a determination about the full 175 billion between the two provider funds? Or is that sort of TBD depending on how things would develop?
Javier Rodriguez: I might be getting lost in the details of, correct me if Im wrong here Joel, because I might be aggregating pools that Im not, but the CARES Act relief fund is how I have it in my head. And those are the funds that we decided were the intention of the government, which everybody can interpret in different ways. But from our perspective, they were a safety net. And they were to be used for people that needed that money, because the economic damage was so severe that they can keep their doors open. And so while its you can tell from the numbers that that Joel gave you, we have big expense increases. And by the way, the numbers that you cited there the $30 million, $40 million is monthly. So we have had big expenses. We dont think that that was the intention of money, so were going to get that back.
Gary Taylor: Okay. And then I saw just a couple numbers flip in the income statement. Joel, I wonder if you would comment on, I know the equity investment income was almost $18 million this quarter, higher than usual than the other income down by interest expense flipped to a negative $4 million in change, both those looked a little unusual, anything to pull out on those?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. On the equity income, the biggest component of that is the $10 million of FX on the Asia joint venture that I called out. There is another component to this that relates to the deconsolidation of a few of our clinics, starting 1/1/2020, that the details of this will be in the 10-Q. Its got no impact on EPS, but it does take what was OI and turns it into  it turns it, it moves it into equity income. It used to flow through revenue and costs and it moves it into equity income and then theres an offset down at the NCI level. So those are the big things I call out there. On the other income, there was a different FX loss associated with the international business that was about $9 million. So those are the big things I call out.
Gary Taylor: Thank you.
Operator: And thank you as well, Gary. Our next question is from Matt of William Blair. Sir?
Matt Larew: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. Actually have you, I just want to ask one more time on the CARES dollars. Obviously youve announced the receipt of the grant dollars, I think it was April 13, had said you were contemplating keeping it. Just curious, was there additional guidance or regulation from the government that influenced your decision or was this a proactive decision by the Board and management, just trying to understand from April 13 to today.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. It was the ladder, which is a proactive decision by the Board and management. And again you could make a very good case to say the spirit of that was to reimburse high expenses related to COVID, which we have many including PT, additional labor overtime and all of the things that weve described on the call. We came on the other side, which is the government, which needs to be totally commended. Just said, weve never had anything like this. And so were going to distribute money to make sure that the wellbeing of Americans has taken care of. And then well reconcile. Well, we dont need time to reconcile. We know that we are not in that spot where were the safety net. And so we want to be proactive. So the government gets visibility. Those people that can give them money back and that money can be redeployed as soon as possible to the people that really need it. So its really about the spirit, than we made the decision.
Matt Larew: Yes, fair enough. Thanks, Javier. And then actually just youre not enough this morning about DaVita Venture and just curious what if any targets you might have for that group and just sort of giving you an answer this morning, wanting to give you an opportunity to comment on it.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Thank you, Matt. Were really excited about DaVita Venture, and basically we have a lot of entrepreneurs that are coming out with all kinds of great things. And theyre saying, can we partner with you? And so this Venture Group is out there and now really generating demand. And so we want to be the partner of choice. And as we talked about capital markets were expanding from being a dialysis company to being a full kidney care company and that means that were going to need certain technologies and partners from diagnostic to pharmaceuticals to other areas in transplant. And so we want to be out there and were really excited about it.
Joel Ackerman: The only thing Id add in there is, as you think about the magnitude of these investments, were thinking these are likely to be single digit millions. And if you think about it in the context of our free cash flow, its not going to change the number at all, so relatively small.
Matt Larew: Okay. Thank you.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Matt. Our next question is from Lisa Clive of Bernstein. Maam?
Lisa Clive: Hi. Just a question on legislation in Washington, clearly, D.C. is busy with COVID-19 and thats main focus. But do you think the COVID-19 pandemic makes it more likely that the patients act could get passed? Do you have any comments in sort of how live that bill is in Washington today? And follow-up question on COBRA, my understanding is even though there isnt 11 month disability extension, almost all patients drop out of COBRA at 18 months, because after that point they go from the paying 102% of the premium to 150%. So is it fair to assume that the only ones who stay on COBRA are the ones that have big CAF premium support?
Javier Rodriguez: Let me grab them. Lisa, first of all, youve exceeded my knowledge of COBRA. And Joel, I dont know if you know that technical piece.
Lisa Clive: I guess the other way of asking it, because
Joel Ackerman: I do not has the answer.
Lisa Clive: Okay. I guess, the other way of asking it, because if we do given the unemployment numbers that weve been seeing across the country, if COBRA becomes a much bigger part of your  well, its a lot more patients end up on COBRA. Im just trying to understand, how long they actually will end up on it. So if you do have any insights into that, that would be helpful.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, I do not. And so  but we could get back to you, but I do not have any more insights on that. Sorry. But you had a second part of your question, Lisa.
Lisa Clive: On the patients act, given just whether the COVID-19 has any impact and also just general discussions in Washington around that.
Javier Rodriguez: Well, Ill just say in general, I have not had the courage to ask anything, because obviously, all hands have been on deck for this COVID crisis. Im hopeful that policy makers will see the value of integrated care and that they will see the power of connecting the sites of care and having this organized fashion really helped, because if you look at DaVita as an example, and how we were organized with PPE and how we were able to stand up cohorting centers. How we were able to take care of our teammates with childcare and other things. We obviously saw that in other areas, but we did not see that in a lot of the smaller players. And so were hopeful that the government sees the resource organization and capabilities around the country is also quite useful. And if you connect the sites of care and the technology that could benefit the system and the patients. So we will see post-COVID.
Lisa Clive: Okay, great. Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Lisa. Our next question is from Justin Lake of Wolfe Research. Sir?
Justin Lake: Thanks for letting me jump back in. Ive got a few more here. First I just wanted to follow-up, Joel, to your answer to Peters question on our costs. I understand you dont want to give a specific number. But in your prepared remarks you kind of walked through, there were costs associated with COVID and you gave us not insignificant new costs in April and May. You talked about the $50 million benefit from sequestration and then you also mentioned other cost reductions. So Im curious as you bundle those together, it looks like its a headwind x potentially other cost reductions. But Im just trying to think about relative to where you were kind of in February when you gave the original guide or updated it. How should we think about the net of those impacts? Is that an additional headwind in your mind or can you kind of offset the incremental costs from COVID?
Javier Rodriguez: So the way Im thinking about it is, if you start with a strong performance in the core in Q1 and you offset that with the COVID costs and then add back sequestration, we kind of feel like  and then there are some natural costs that come down. T&E is a simple example of that. We feel like net-net, we wind up with a potential headwind that were comfortable absorbing in without changing our guidance. So if you want to think about how do we get to maintaining our guidance, strong Q1 the negative of COVID offset by the $50-ish million from the sequestration suspension and some other cost offsets.
Justin Lake: And can I pin you down in terms of how much better Q1 was versus your internal expectations when you set the guide for the year?
Javier Rodriguez: No, you cannot pin me down on that.
Justin Lake: Okay. Then in your 10-Q that you just filed, there were a couple of new investigation subpoenas that were out there. I know this is the cost of doing business in dialysis and historically for 20 years of income in the company, they really amounted to much. But just wanted to ask you if there was anything new or different that we should add  that we should consider in what those  and what got reported there, I guess in New Jersey and California?
Javier Rodriguez: No. What I would add is, of course we taken very, very seriously. And we have just been through our corporate integrity agreement. Weve been on it for five years and we continue to want to lead and show the spirit of compliance and the law of compliance. And so were disappointed every time we get them. And of course, they can come through many different ways, including investigations, inquiries. And you hope that once they see what were doing that theyre satisfied with that. But every time we get them I can tell you personally, I am very, very frustrated because we talk and live compliance on a daily basis. So nothing else to add to that, Justin.
Justin Lake: Understood. And then just a couple of numbers questions here. You mentioned that a significant portion of your commercial patients have coverage thats not tied to employment. Im just curious if you could share, even just a round number there, is it half a quarter, two-thirds, anything like that you can tell us?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, so there are really two components to that. Theres COBRA and patients who are on the exchanges, the numbers in the kind of 25% to 30%, I believe.
Justin Lake: Okay. So 25% to 30% are tied to employment?
Javier Rodriguez: Right.
Justin Lake: Or tied to COBRA and exchanges, okay. And then the first quarter, what would you say the  or can you give us a number in terms of what you think the benefit was of the extra day in the quarter for the operating results?
Javier Rodriguez: No, hold on, Ill get you that number before we hang up.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then just  and then California AB 290, I know you talked about that being lower than previous, like the 25% to 40% you originally gave, its going to be lower. Should we think about that just be going to zero now or do you think there still could be an impact there?
Javier Rodriguez: As opposed to give you a number, I think what I can tell you is that due to COVID, the injunction stayed and so basically what that means in late terms is, theres an extension of the case. And so unlikely to have much of an impact unless, because of the timing until the fourth quarter, depending how the case goes and then am I going to Q1 of 2021. So the numbers still the same. The timing has shifted and of course the outcome is unknown.
Justin Lake: Okay. And last one, payer mix in the quarter, Javier, I think you said was down. Can you give us any specificity there or what you kind of ended the quarter with in terms of commercial mix?
Javier Rodriguez: I believe, we published it. So I can say it, right, Joel?
Joel Ackerman: I believe that is not correct. Just it  there was nothing significant in the movement for the quarter. We'll call it out on the quarterly basis, if we think it's important, but there was nothing important there.
Justin Lake: So still in the 10% range, give or take.
Joel Ackerman: Yes.
Justin Lake: Thanks a lot guys. I appreciate all the questions.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Justin.
Operator: Thank you, Justin. Our next question is from Jeff Gates of Gates Capital Management. Sir?
Jeff Gates: Yes, a couple of questions. First, I noticed the volume was the best volume quarter you've had in a few quarters. And I'm just wondering if there's, you see any signs of an uptick in volume and what might be driving that number one? And number two, is this environment going to force you to do less to know those or you won't be able to do as many de novos. So will your capital budget come down at all?
Javier Rodriguez: You want to grab, Joel.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, sure. We had a reasonable NAG quarter, no doubt. I wouldn't call out anything specific yet. I don't  I wouldn't say we're ready to declare victory on some of the efforts we've been undertaking to drive NAG back up. And there certainly was a tiny bit of noise at the end of the quarter. So nothing to call out there. In terms of de novos, I think we're going to wait and see what happens to the industry volumes and what happens on the home side. But I think there is certainly a possibility that is, if there is an overall NAG headwind that comes out of COVID and possibly in accelerated shift to home, that I think you would see a potential decline not just in our de novos, but in industry de novos and that would bring the capital budget down.
Jeff Gates: So you're not having any trouble constructing centers that you have planned?
Joel Ackerman: Well, I'd say for 2020, depending on how long the various states shut down lasts, we might see our capital spend come down a bit there. Just some projects that we physically can't get done right now, but that'll depend on how long things last.
Javier Rodriguez: Just in well, let me finish up by saying that the impact of one day is somewhere in the $10 million to $15 million range. Jeff, any other questions?
Operator: Thank you Jeff. And yes speakers, we don't have any questions on queue as of now.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Well let me wrap up with a couple of closing remarks. Number one, thank you for all the support. Number two, I don't know if I can convey in words how proud I am of our team. The beauty and the dedication that I've seen over the last 60 days is just literally hard to put into words. The fact that our government and our competitors and us put everything aside and co-hearted and work together to take care of our patients. It's just beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. The clinical focus and the infection control expertise that we have has been critical in helping us do this virus. Point three, our platform, the importance of the platform in connecting the sites of care has been highlighted through this crisis. The resilience of our team and our business model has been beautiful, beautiful, beautiful financially, strong balance sheet and a proven track record of cost management. And lastly, I do think that philosophically it is time to come together as a country and we are happy to do our part. So thank you for your interest in our company and we'll talk again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes DaVitas first quarter 2020 earnings call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for participating and have a great day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-11 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening. My name is Debbie, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Gustafson, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you and welcome everyone to our fourth quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations, and with me today are Javier Rodriguez, our CEO; Joel Ackerman, our CFO; LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President; and Jim Hilger, our Chief Accounting Officer. Please note that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties please refer to our fourth quarter earnings press release and our SEC filing, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Our forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to us and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Jim and good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate your interest in DaVita and look forward to your questions and comments. I will start with clinical highlights as a reminder of life-sustaining care that we provide to more than 235,000 people. While we discuss clinical outcomes and lowering the total cost of care, our goal is to improve our patient's quality of life. One specific example has been to focus on reducing infections in our patients. DaVita's patient's are prone to infection which can often lead to lengthy hospitalization days and increase in mortality. Im excited to report their efforts have paid off. In 2019, we reduce the rate of bloodstream infection by 13% and improved the rate of peritonitis by 20% versus the prior year. This is a meaningful improvement that kept many of our patients out of the hospital. Now let me transition to our results and outlook for 2020. We had a strong performance in 2019. We met earnings per share and free cash flow growth target we set for the year. We are committed to achieving our 2020 financial guidance and in fact we are raising our earnings-per-share target range by $0.50. Joe will provide the financial details on both the quarter and our 2020 guidance. Now let me pull up for a few minutes to share our high level views on clinical and on policy. We are in an exciting time for kidney care. We are bridging the transition of care from the nephrologist's office to different types of care. We are working with our payers to use predictive analytics to identify CKD patients with the highest risk of transitioned to ESRD. Once we support these patients, we will work on avoiding or delaying the onset of kidney failure. We remain excited about nephrology care lines, the new physician led entity with nearly 1,100 nephrologists that will be the vehicle to connect DaVita to the nephrologists practice. The goal is simple. Provide world-class analytics and education to help physicians best deploy their time to care for the right person at the right time. For those patients who do transition to ESRD with both a leading education platform to empower patients to choose to start on the right treatment modality or for them. For patients who chose home modality, we continue to invest in our leading home platform where we serve the most home patients of any provider. In 2019, we saw our high -- our highest growth ever in PD modality. We are working to maintain our leadership in the home dialysis with a 2020 goal of achieving double-digit growth in the PD modality. Moving on to policy. We continue our multi-year journey towards integrated care. We are encouraged by the quality improvement that are evident in our demonstration such as the ESCO. We are hopeful that there will be additional models and opportunities to scale integrated care for ESRD patients at national levels. We remain optimistic about the administration's view for value-based care models. We believe that the capabilities that weve built will support our collective goal to improve clinical outcomes, while managing total cost. There has been a lot of recent conversation about Medicare advantage and the 21st Century Cures Act. We would remind everyone that Congress pass this legislation with the intent of making additional insurance options available to Medicare eligible patient, ESRD patient. With respect to expectations of adoption, no one really know what choices will be made by the patient. We continue to believe that the selection into MA will be more gradual. We look forward to working with plan partners to manage the care and the cost of these patient. In parallel, our advocacy efforts are focused on ensuring adequate funding in both Medicare fee-for-service and MA. And as weve said before, we remain ready and eager to advance integrated care for Medicare fee-for-service population. Shifting to state policy. We will keep advocating for our patients in California and other states where some labor unions are pursuing policies that are not good for patients, costs or the care delivery system. Now let me transfer it on to Joe, so he will provide additional details on the quarter and specific on 2020 guidance.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. Before I begin, I would like to point out that weve adjusted the first section of the press release this quarter. We hope this format will give investors easier access to some of the most important results that have historically appeared later in the release. Now I will start with Q4 results and then move to 2020 guidance. We generated $2.9 billion of revenue in the quarter, an increase of 2.75% over Q4 2018. Our operating income was $463 million, which included approximately $67 million in profit related to calcimimetics, resulting in an operating margin of 16%.Earnings per share from continuing operations was $1.86. Now let me take through some of the underlying drivers, starting with the components of the U.S dialysis and lab segment. Non-acquired growth for the quarter was 2.1%, relatively flat with the prior two quarters. Revenue per treatment was down sequentially by $1.10, which includes a $1.68 per treatment decrease in revenue attributable to calcimimetics. Excluding calcimimetics, RPT was up by $0.58%. To recap performance for the full-year 2019 versus guidance, to exclude the impact of calcimimetics, we finished at the high-end of our RPT guidance range of 0% to 1%. We sell outside of the very narrow range that we provided on commercial mix and ended 2019 with a year-over-year decrease of approximately 20 basis points. Although this decline did not have a meaningful impact on our revenue per treatment. Combined patient care costs and dialysis and lab segment, G&A expense was down approximately $2 per treatment quarter-over-quarter, driven primarily by lower compensation and benefits costs. Turning to calcimimetics. We generated operating income of approximately $67 million in the fourth quarter and revenue per treatment and cost per treatment of $12.86 and $4.19, respectively. For the full-year, we generated approximately $220 million in operating income as we negotiated significant cost decreases on oral calcimimetics. For 2020, we now expect approximately $40 million to $70 million of operating income from calcimimetics with approximately half of this to be realized in the first quarter as we expect ASP reimbursement to decline in subsequent quarters. With that said, there are still significant uncertainty around this outlook given the complexity in the ASP methodology. Now turning to international. For the quarter, operating income was approximately $2 million including an FX loss of $4 million. For the full-year, we generated positive adjusted operating income of $2 million, excluding goodwill impairments and including an FX loss of $2 million. Our effective tax rate on adjusted income attributable to DaVita from continuing operations for the quarter was 25.2% and was 27.5% for the full-year. Our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter and the full-year benefited from a decrease in our estimated state tax rate. Now on to cash flow. The full-year 2019 operating cash flow from continuing operations with $2 billion and our free cash flow was $1.1 billion. Both operating cash flow and free cash flow were positively impacted by significant improvements in our DSOs and unusually low cash taxes in 2019. These two factors combined to improve cash flow during the year by approximately $300 million. We do not expect these to recur in 2020. CapEx for the year was $728 million, slightly below the revised guidance range of $740 million to $780 million and well below our initial guidance from the year of $800 million to $840 million. The better results in Q4 was due to the timing of certain project that were pushed into 2020. Since October 1, 2019, we purchased almost 8.7 million shares at an average amount of $64.80 per share. As a result of our recent repurchases, we reduced our share count by approximately 41.3 million shares or 24.8% since the close of the DMG transaction in June 2019. This week we expect to complete our repricing of our $2.7 billion term loan B that will reduce the interest rate on this tranche of debt by 50 basis points. We now expect our debt expense to be approximately $90 million in Q1 2020 and then approximately $85 million per quarter in the subsequent quarters. I will conclude with some comments on our guidance ranges for 2020. We're updating our 2020 adjusted earnings per share guidance by $0.50 per share to $5.75 to $6.25. As a reminder, this includes the expected benefits from calcimimetics as well as the expected cost of ballot initiative in California. Due to the timing of calcimimetics that I mentioned and the expected timing of ballot related costs in the second half of the year, we expect some fluctuations in earnings per share between quarters this year. Our revenue guidance for the year is $11.5 billion to $11.7 billion and our operating income margin guidance is consistent with the target range of 13% to 14% that we talked about at our Capital Markets Day. We expect to generate approximately $600 million to $800 million of free cash flow this year. I will point out that cash flow is inherently subject to greater swing than its operating income due to the time of working capital and other items such as the timing of payroll cycle, tax payments and inter-period changes in the collections of AR. This worked in our favor in 2019 and could swing the other way at some point in the future. Operator, let's now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Good afternoon. I wanted to go through a couple of moving parts here. First, in terms of the higher EPS range year-over-year. Is it fair to think about it as two-thirds coming from calcimimetics benefit that wasnt in numbers before. Maybe the rest coming from lower debt costs, or maybe you could tell us any kind of moving part -- other moving parts including California kind of delaying implementation of the legislation out there on the ACAS?
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So, Justin, youve got the basics right. Calcimimetics is the biggest component of this. And a decrease in the -- in our expected cost for AB 290 plays into this as well. Those are the two big things I'd call out. There are a lot of other moving pieces in here. Our share count moves around as the stock price goes up and a whole bunch of other things related to core OI. But I would say, calcimimetics in the AB 290 are the two big things to call out.
Justin Lake: Great. Maybe you can just give us an update on -- is there any change in terms of the sustainability of calcimimetics in your mind beyond 2020, or do you still expect that to migrate down to kind of neutral? And then, do you have a new AB 290 number for us? I think the old one was 25 to 40.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So on calcimimetics, we still expect under the current TDAPA that it will migrate down to zero over the course of 2020. We have been -- we -- as you can see, we've not been able to predict how ASP would come down. The positive numbers for 2020 is the result of ASP not coming down the way we expected it would three months ago. I don't know that our visibility on how the rest of the industry has behaved combined with some of the black box natures of ASP have improved, but we do think this has to get down pretty close to zero by the end of the year. In terms of AB 290, we don't have a new number. Clearly the number will be smaller. That said, there will be some legal costs associated with AB 290 and there certainly is the possibility that it gets implemented towards the end of the year. So the numbers are getting to a size where I don't think it's worth calling out a specific number, but clearly below the 25 to 40.
Justin Lake: Okay. Just one last follow-up before I jump back in the queue. The calcimimetics, is it fair to say here that you think costs have come down to a kind of normal range, and we just need to track the ASP and so it falls [ph] to that $4 number kind of [multiple speakers]?
Joel Ackerman: Yes, Im not saying cost couldnt continue to drift down a little bit, but the real action for 2020 is on the trajectory of ASP.
Justin Lake: Thats helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question will come from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Wanted to ask a little bit about this year's guidance kind of in the context of your 2022 guidance, because it looks like youre kind of there in a lot of your metrics, I guess at the midpoint [indiscernible] for 2% revenue growth per year. So I guess just wanted to understand that jumping point off. Is that still the right point, or are there things in here that now maybe there is a different way to think about the long-term trajectory. And I guess, trying to think about this year's guidance versus the '22 number, I guess the '22 number is going to have a headwind of calcimimetics coming out. And then, I guess your guidance still assumes that AB90 goes into place. Just wanted to make sure that that's one thing we have to figure out if we are trying to [multiple speakers]?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So you're spot on both those factors of calcimimetics coming out of here and AB 290 going into place. In terms of some of the other things I've call out, on the cash flow number, 2019 was surprisingly high and we called out in the script two of the factors, which are the DSOs having come down as well as cash taxes. I'd also note cash flow was helped by calcimimetics as well and the impact that had on OI. So that happened faster than expected. We also benefited to some extent in the year by some of the CapEx we're expecting late in the year getting pushed into 2020. So the 2020 number might get impacted by that to the negative. There is certainly the possibility that at the end of 2020 we will see some push into 2021 and that could flip either way. The one other thing I'd call out is the margins. We spoke about margins of 13% to 14%. We are not changing that view of the world, and so as you think about what the margins could be in 2022, I'd stick with that number.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. That's helpful. And then I appreciate the preliminary comments on MA. But I guess, it sounds like some of the managed care companies are starting to worry this is going to be an issue for them in into 2021. So I was wondering if you could talk about your conversations that youre having with your MA companies? Is there pushback on rates or anything that you would kind of highlight there that could impact the or change the impact it's going to have on you over the next few years?
Javier Rodriguez: Thanks, Kevin. This is Javier. We've gotten a fair amount of questions on MA. And so I think it's useful to just pull up a little and revisit the origin of it. Number one, this is the only patient population, the ESRD population that was excluded from having the right to pick MA. And so it was fixing a deficiency in the system. Number two, what is our role going forward? And our role is to just make sure that our patients are well informed so they can make the best decision individually. Point number three is everybody is trying to size it and when you try size something like this, there's two variables, of course, one is rate and the other one is volume. And so what weve said is that our rate is above Medicare, but substantially below commercial. We are not going to give anymore on that variable. The one thats most sort of undecided at this juncture is the pickup of the volume and all of you know the same as we do, which is there's a lot of variables at play when individual has the primary insurance, the secondary insurance, do they have Medigap coverage etcetera. So we continue to think that its reasonable to think that penetration will reflect the overall market. In addition, many people believe that our patients will have sort of a quick trigger to pick an insurance when there's so many complicated variables and they have many of them been in Medicare for quite some time status quo might just keep going. So we're literally asking how will our patients interpret their benefit, and so we don't know and so many people are continuing to size that it's going to be some kind of an aggressive movement and we continue to think that it'll be more gradual.
Kevin Fischbeck: I guess that's definitely helpful. I guess, two thoughts on that. Is there anything that you would think of as you think about that rate differential that you currently get that makes you think that whatever reason it wouldn't be sustainable? I guess, obviously by any standard measure, you just want to bring that delta down over time, but is there any reason why you think that could be the case or -- but maybe you could keep those economics that maybe change the way that you actually contract with managed care, take more risk things like that?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I would think it as an opportunity for us to expand the way we talk to our contract and to our payer providers. It's an exciting time where we're all aligned in trying to make sure that we have integrated care for our patients, and so we're leaning in and trying to see how we can best serve them and be a partner. And if they think that the MA volume is going to be higher than us that might also be an opportunity to contract in that way. So we're excited. Obviously, they want lower rates. We would like higher rates and that dance is never going to change. And then the question is can we all get creative when coming up on a win-win situation.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then I guess to your point about the shift into MA, point well taken that inertia tends to be the way people tend to act when it comes to health insurance, because it's kind of daunting to shift for that, but I would assume that the fact that youre able to meet with these people three times a [technical difficulty] what the options are would potentially change that dynamic and where we do our analysis in the 20 states where MedSup isn't available for people under 65 in an affordable way, then I would think that adoption will be quite large. The question ends up being so that where in those states where it is available, is there a rationale for those patients to switch from a MedSup plan into an MA plan? And then similarly in a -- for a dual eligible populations, which is 40% of your Medicare book. Is there an incentive for those patients to move? And why would either of those classes see the benefit of an MA plan?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, the first premise that you discussed, which is access to the patient is worth exploring because you might be more talented than us that when you talk to people about their insurance, it's not usually like Netflix or anything. They don't want to keep watching the next episode. People usually start to glaze over a bit and say when you talk about deductibles, when you talk about coinsurance, when you talk about those kind of thing, it is not normal vernacular for most of these folks. And theyve been on Medicare for some time and it works for them. And so then you got to start to explain that maybe it's more restrictive, maybe they can't see their doctor, but it's got other benefits and you get into it and then you can see that some people just tune out. And so the question is, is it our obligation to go back at them? And the answer I think is no, because youre satisfied with the insurance. We just have to make sure that you have a new option. And so on all these -- on the dual sometimes that could actually have very little out of pocket and so you might not want to switch that situation. So it is very specific to each individual, but again the net of it is that we think we are not going to look very different than the overall population, but there is the range that we're all playing with.
Kevin Fischbeck: And just last question. Is there a time period when you feel like you will know how that shift is going? Will you know during the open enrollment period in Q4, or do you actually have to wait till January for the patient claims actually start coming in under the new payers?
Javier Rodriguez: Well, I think were going to have to wait till January. We will have some preliminary stuff, but unlikely that we're going to want to predict how that'll play until we see it since it's the first time we're experiencing it.
Kevin Fischbeck: Right. Great. Thank you.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Kevin.
Operator: The next question will come from Pito Chickering. Your line is now open -- with Deutsche Bank.
Pito Chickering: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. A few ones here. On the 2020 revenue guidance, what are you guys assuming in terms of organic treatment growth and revenue per treatment? And how does the commercial reimbursement look for 2020?
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. So, hey, on NAV weve -- we are guiding to 1.5% to 2.5%. In terms of revenue per treatment we are not going to guide to RPT anymore in the level of specificity we have in the past. That said, I think it's safe to say going forward that it'll look similar to what it looked like in the recent past. The same dynamic in terms of commercial RPT, Medicare RPT and mix should play out next year the way they have in the recent two years. The one big change obviously is on Medicare fee-for-service reimbursement. We got that in '19 and we see that continuing forward. So, again, as we think about the how we want to guide and this is consistent with what weve raised at Capital Markets Day, more of a focus on margin than on any of the individual inputs. That said, if you think about the inputs of RPT and the subcomponents there as well as cost per treatment and the other things we don't see anything particularly different next year to call out than what we've seen in the recent past.
Pito Chickering: Great. And then on the 2020 margin guidance, let me ask this a different way. If we exclude calcimimetics for 2020, the operating income margin is I think 12.5%. If we exclude $47 million of calcimimetics for 2020, it looks as though youre guiding to about 50 basis points improvement in 2020 versus 2019? First quarter '18 was a very easy comp, so if you exclude calcimimetics for 2019 and 2020, and easy comp of first quarter '19, how should we think about core operating income margin in 2020 versus 2019?
Joel Ackerman: Okay. Pito, you lost me there on your math, but I will tell you the way I think about my math and I apologize if this doesn't kick in tight to what you asked, but you can follow with Jim afterwards. So for adjusted normalized numbers, so this excludes calcimimetics, we came in just north of 14% in 2019. We expect that -- and again, we are not guiding to OI. So we -- again, we said that calcimimetics -- at Capital Markets Day we are sticking with that. That said, either through a top-down analysis using revenue and our margin guidance or bottoms up through EPS, you can all do the math and come up with a range. So, Im going to give some high-level thoughts relative to whats probably the middle of the range of what you should be thinking about, which should show you a little bit of margin compression in 2020 versus 2019, although still very much in that 13% to 14% range we talked about at Capital Markets Day. And if I have to point out what is driving that, you got a little bit of AB 290 in there. You've got the continued pressure on labor costs associated with the strong environment we are in and we are also looking at making some investments in the form of operating costs, investing in our future around things like home, things like integrated kidney care, things like data and analytics. So if you put those -- all those things together, you would come up with a little bit of margin pressure in 2020 over 2019, but still very much in the range of what we talked about at Capital Markets. Is that helpful?
Pito Chickering: Yes, very much. So which actually sort of the last question. At the Analyst Day you talked about capital -- capital growth with CapEx coming down to 615 in 2022. And you sort of -- you just mentioned sort of kidney start home based programs. Can you quantify how many of your centers have separate home treatments options today and how many are freestanding home centers as well?
Joel Ackerman: I dont know the answer to that.
Javier Rodriguez: We will follow-up on it.
Joel Ackerman: We can follow-up with you on that, Pito.
Pito Chickering: Great. Thanks so much, guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: The next question will come from Andrew Mark [ph] with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Good afternoon. Just wanted to follow-up on the 2020 guidance components given all the moving parts. You raised EPS guidance by $0.50. It sounds like that increase is largely accounted for by the benefit from calcimimetics and the reversal of AB 290. So is it fair to say that the underlying assumptions on share repurchase remain the same given the $2.4 billion of share repurchase you did in 2019 combined with the nice volume of stock price in the last few months? How should we think about the size and cadence of share repurchase in 2020?
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. So the fundamentals of our share repurchase philosophy havent changed in terms of focusing on intrinsic value and ensuring we are not buying at what we believe -- above what we believe intrinsic value is. Also with the general expectation to stay most of the time -- although not all of the time, within our leverage guidance of 3x to 3.5x, I will take a second here to notes that you'll see the leverage number in the press release is around 3.1, which would bring it in at the low-end of our range. If you think about that excluding calcimimetics, which I think is a better way to think about it, it would put it at the higher end of our range. But with all that said, our philosophy on buybacks has not changed. I think what has changed since we spoke to you in November is the stock is up from the high 50s, low 60s to now in the 80s, and that does impact our share buyback thinking really in two fundamental ways. One is that the dollars we would apply to share buybacks will just buy that many fewer shares because the stock price is up. And second as we think about intrinsic value and comparing that to where the stock is, this -- where the stock is will fundamentally impact how we think about buybacks. So we're going to give you any foresight in what we plan to do. Weve always shied away from that. But I wanted to give you -- kind of a bit of an update there on how we are thinking about things. Quarter Great. I appreciate the color. And then second question on the home dialysis front. The mandatory model from the executive order was supposed to go into effect last month, and now thats delayed. Are you hearing anything out of D.C. on why that model got delayed? And does the temporary or even permanent delay of the model impact your strategy that increase home penetration?
Javier Rodriguez: No, in general I think the executive order had a lot in it and they asked for comments and the community was very united on its views. And so we are glad that the administration has taken its time because we want a good outcome rather than meeting a deadline. And no to the other question, which is while policy, of course, impact at the end of the day, the patient and the physician pick the modality and that's what's driving the movement to home. People picking it or not picking it as opposed to any policy changes at this juncture.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Steve Tanal with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Stephen Tanal: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for the question. So I wanted to go back to the 2021 rule change. I guess where Im struggling with the idea that penetration of ESRD patient should reach the overall market is just this notion that today, I mean, penetration of ESRD patients is 25% for the market at large despite the fact they can't freely enroll in the plan. So wouldnt that tell us that this patient panel probably prefers MA and that penetration could exceed 35% over time. And I guess I know we are still anchoring to that, but it looks like CMS last week with the changes in the advanced notice for MA rates, took their forecast up to 33 and 21 and then going to 42, 41x22 -- 2024, then 42 thereafter. So obviously a much, much more optimistic outlook than you guys have. So any thoughts on those pieces there?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Steve, I think that all of the opinions are quite reasonable and we don't proclaim to be right. We are all doing it the same data as to economic deductibles, out-of-pocket max, sort of coordination of care network -- narrow networks or broader network. And so when we put all the variables in place, we just think that, in general, we think that it'll take a little bit longer for people to settle in to the choice than others that think that it will be what I call a very efficient and effective market and we of course could be wrong. And so there is that range that it, let's call it the low -- the base case and the high case and we don't have any additional insight that you or CMS doesn't. There's no detail information that we are relying on.
Stephen Tanal: Helpful. Okay. And then I just heard you correctly, Joel, in terms of making sure your patients are aware of their options. I imagine that applies to all states, regardless of whether there's guaranteed issue for MedSup or not. Is that correct?
Joel Ackerman: Yes.
Stephen Tanal: Okay. And then, I guess, I wanted to also ask about another part of that proposed rule to the extent you guys have the time to go through all this, but the network adequacy proposals, there's a few things in there. I won't go through all of them here, but some could be presumably read as maybe mitigating some of the market power and dialysis. How do you guys think about that dynamic, in general? I guess, I'd leave it open-ended there. I dont want to dissuade any or share, maybe I guess?
Joel Ackerman: I appreciate, Steve. Obviously, network adequacy is critical in any disease state. When you are signing up for a product you want to make sure that it got coverage, so that if you end up signing up and then you have ESRD, then you don't end up having some kind of restricted network. And of course it matters whether it's in there or not. The plans have been quite vocal. And from our perspective what we want to do is going back to our conversation earlier is we want to change the dynamics with our payer partners so that they see what we're doing and how we are adding value so that they do want to contract with us in a way thats a win-win.
Stephen Tanal: Perfect. Helpful. And maybe one more on this and then I will yield. Just going back to the treatment deltas, the MA fee-for-service. I guess, I appreciate that you guys dont want to give a certain difference, but maybe you can comment on how much variability there is in that spread? And what factors dictate his DaVita's willingness to contract for lower versus higher spreads of different MA plans?
Javier Rodriguez: Well, I appreciate the question, Steve, but I think you probably know it had low odds being answered. Every plan is steering right now at how they want to contract with us. And actually even if I try to answer it and be helpful, the contract is very specific to each plan and their ability to take risk and our ability to take risk and so it's very specific. And so unfortunately I can't give you more detail on that.
Stephen Tanal: Thats fine. Thanks a lot. Appreciate it.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Whit Mayo with UBS. Your line is now open.
Whit Mayo: Hey, thanks. Good afternoon. Just a couple here on calcimimetics. Youre guiding to $40 million to $70 million of OI this year. 50% of that is falling in the first quarter, which implies about 25% of today's run rate of $220 million in the first quarter. So Im just curious what you're basing that on? Is that based off of ASP for the quarter today? How much visibility do you have into the first quarter contribution at this point? I guess, this is what Im asking.
Joel Ackerman: Weve got pretty good visibility with that. The ASP number came out I think in December. Not perfect visibility, but -- so in Q1, we've got that. The trajectory of what that looks like going forward though is where we don't have perfect visibility and we won't know ASP for Q2 for a little while now.
Whit Mayo: Okay. So that looks like thats about a 60% sequential decline of the fourth quarter for ASP, is that right?
Javier Rodriguez: Whit, we are 
Whit Mayo: Do you know 
Joel Ackerman: There are other factors that go into that. In terms of the cost decline, the changing mix between Sensipar and Parsabiv and Parsabiv cost differential. So I'm not sure you can get as cleaner number as you'd like from that, but 
Whit Mayo: Is it -- I mean, presumably the ASP numbers available, so can you disclose what it is for the quarter?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. It's down a little bit more than 40%.
Whit Mayo: Okay. So some other factor would be driving your cost up to lower the OI by 60%?
Javier Rodriguez: Well, there is -- there are other factors besides cost because there's a mix issue between the oral and the IV as well.
Whit Mayo: Yes, yes, got it. Got it. Okay. That's -- and thinking about the remaining $50 million or -- not $50 million, but the remaining earnings, how do you -- I mean, are we -- how should we think about the progression of that earnings? Is it fall ratably throughout the year? I dont know, just any help? I mean, I know youve about as much visibility into this as we do.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, if you think about it getting cut in half each quarter going forward, thats a reasonable algorithm to use and then it goes to zero by the end of the year.
Whit Mayo: Okay.
Javier Rodriguez: Again thats not a prediction. That's just to help you all with your modeling.
Whit Mayo: Yes. Is there a scenario where by the time the industry sort of sees the benefit of calcimimetics zero out that you are still carrying some level of earnings from calcimimetics, given that youve presumably been buying below the market for some time?
Joel Ackerman: Unlikely just because the numbers get so small in terms of the cost, I think the more interesting question about calcimimetics is ultimately how it gets bundled.
Whit Mayo: Bundled, yes.
Joel Ackerman: The TDAPA stuff will play out relatively quickly.
Whit Mayo: Okay. Just a couple of other quick ones. So just back to the NAG guidance of 1.5 to 2.5 that does implies some level of deceleration. Just Joe maybe any factors influencing your decision to bring the range down?
Javier Rodriguez: Let me grab that. This is Javier. We continue to look at the macro ranges and we just think that is the right place to land. We're continuing to invest in our missions, in our IT, in all other operations to simplify patient placement. But at the end of the day, what we are focusing is ensuring that we have the discipline and capital so that we have profitable growth. And so we're not going to chase volume. It's just not the right thing for us. And so we're comfortable with that range of 1.5 to 2.5.
Whit Mayo: Okay. Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: And just as an FYI, my memory has me right, that is not a change from capital markets. We had at 1.5 to 2.5, but I could be wrong. So let's check that.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Gary Taylor with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Gary Taylor: Hi, good evening. Just a couple of questions left for me. The first, just going back to the question about the ETC, the mandatory demonstration that's been delayed. Do you have any visibility on when that would start? Are you incurring any costs to prepare for it? And I presume since that model had some dialysis center reimbursement cuts, which you could potentially earn back since this is delayed, any potential financial impact is not contemplated in the 2020 guidance?
Javier Rodriguez: The short answer is we do not have any more information than any of you. We were given an opportunity just like all providers to give our opinions and insight. And we did and theyre processing that and we have not heard back. We are not incurring any costs right now associated with it. And it was not embedded in our guidance. So right now you're even, Steven, if you will, there's no changes.
Gary Taylor: Right. Thanks. My last one to Joel. I just wondered if you would perhaps just review and clarify for us either on an EPS basis or a dollar basis what actually is in 2020 for advocacy costs because I know in the third quarter, you bumped that up $0.50 or, call it, $87 million pre-tax. But that, I think, was on top of what you view as your recurring sort of normal advocacy, But then with the AB 290 delay, maybe some of that costs came back in your direction. So maybe just some help on when we think about the 2020 guide, how much above sort of your -- what you'd call your normal advocacy spend is built into 2020.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So nothing has really changed in that, Gary. There hasnt been any interplay between 2020 ballot initiative spend and AB 290. Theyre pretty independent. So the $0.50 per share is the right number and that's over and above the $30 million baseline that we plan to spend year- in year-out. The one correction I would make to your numbers is, this ballot initiative costs is not tax deductible. So your $87 million pre-tax is overstated because I -- my guess is you got to that calculation assuming this would tax deductible.
Gary Taylor: Yes, I recall you told us that, somewhere like $60 million, $65 million range, probably. So 
Joel Ackerman: We are sticking with $0.50 a share. So 
Gary Taylor: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Justin Lake: Thanks. Just figure out one through what's left of my question list here. Do you guys -- so first on the cash available for deployment at your end. I think if my recollection is correct, you guys typically want to run around $500 million at the parent at quarter end. So is to fair to think about you guys have another $500 million give or take of deployable cash at your end is that right?
Joel Ackerman: Yes, thats about right. $500 million is typically what we want to have in the system. So, yes, the $600 million is the number above that.
Justin Lake: Okay. Thats helpful. And then, Joe you spend time talking about the intrinsic value kind of coming into repo. And given that you did a tremendous amount of repo at really attractive price for the benefit of shareholders, now that the stocks in the 80s, it looks like you are going to little bit less [indiscernible] at those levels. Is there anything we should read into your view of the intrinsic value here at the current price? And how you expect above x-stock? Could you give us a kind of at the moment update?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. We are -- weve never really been willing to talk about what our views of intrinsic value are at any moment in time, and I dont expect to deviate from that here. I think the one thing I would point out is intrinsic value is a moving target. It's not something that stays static and its impacted by our results and it can be impacted by our buybacks and everything else. So I think what our views of intrinsic value were six months ago are necessarily the same with our views of intrinsic value today.
Javier Rodriguez: One dynamic, Justin, that is rarely talk about publicly also is that we have big blackout periods. And then you have plan and we have restrictions and whatnot and so what you want to do is not look at one quarter or two quarters, but overall what is our track record and I think you see our track record over time it's quite fluid, consistent with what Joe said.
Justin Lake: That absolutely makes sense. Thanks. And then just quickly on your commercial mix. Joe, you said it was down 20 basis points year-over-year, but not really immaterial impact on revenue per treatment. Can you just give us some more color on that, given how key that metric is?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Look, not every commercial payer is created equal and if the mix comes from payers with lower rates, it has much less impact on our RPT than a payer who is at an average rate.
Justin Lake: And so would you say this is instead of it being just kind of normal aging of the population type of thing, did you proactively kind of walk away for some contrast that were lower priced or was that just kind of the way things fell?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, I would say that, what Joe start off with on an early question still holds, which is there's no new dynamic and sort of the ecosystems/ negotiation is relatively stable. There was no big decision one way or another and it will play out the way it is.
Justin Lake: Okay. Just a few couple of others here. One, Joe, just to make sure we understand, youre not giving OI guidance, but you back to Pito's question on margins, core margins ex kind of moving parts are down a little year-over-year, revenue is up a little bit. So kind of core OI [indiscernible] changes things like that are -- is effectively flat year-over-year within your guidance. Is that a reasonable way to think about it?
Joel Ackerman: Im reluctant to get drawn into the OI guidance question because we're not guiding on OI. That said, I think again you can look at the range is top-down or bottoms up. I would say it's fair to say that at the middle of the range is you should expect some OI growth year-over-year.
Justin Lake: At core, like ex moving parts.
Joel Ackerman: With margin compression which would say it's not going to grow at the rate of revenue.
Justin Lake: Okay.
Joel Ackerman: And that's, Justin, yes, thats core excluding calcimimetics and other stuff -- other noise.
Justin Lake: Got it. And then maybe quick commentary, I think you -- the industry was going to run its own ballot initiative in California and then decided to back off that. Is there some reason why you decided to back off or do I have that wrong?
Javier Rodriguez: No, you have it right. And I think the right way to think about it, Justin, is very early on you have to explore all your options. And so there's some filing restrictions etcetera. So we were exploring option, making sure that we had everything at our disposal. After evaluating it, we did not think that that was something that we should pursue. It's not in the best interest of our strategy and thats cleaner to go right after it, literally straight at it as opposed to doing a counter measure.
Justin Lake: Okay. Thanks for all the time, guys.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Justin.
Operator: The next question will come from Maggie Jiang with Bank of China New York Branch. Your line is now open.
Maggie Jiang: Thank you for taking my call. My question here is what is your priority inters of the international expansion? I see that there are about 241 centers in the international as of 2018. Not sure if that number goes up in 2019.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So our priorities for international are similar to our priorities in the U.S., which is capital efficient growth. We continue to see it as a growth business. We continue to deploy capital there in the markets that we see is having the best opportunities and those are opportunities where we can either acquire things at attractive rates or build de novos at attractive rates and where we have an opportunity to add value. So growth in '19 was relatively in line with our expectations. We see 2020 continuing along that path.
Maggie Jiang: Okay. And in terms of the long-term growth for the international business, do you expect the -- just because different regions will have different type of reimbursement system, affordability and customers, clientele. So do you -- would you expect the international profitability versus your core in U.S?
Javier Rodriguez: I think that will vary very much country by country. As you noted some countries have better reimbursement, others less so. So I think it will be a bit of a mix and where it winds up relative to the U.S will depend a lot on the different mix in the different countries and where we chose to prioritize our investments. So it's hard to predict now what the ultimate margin will be relative to the U.S margin.
Maggie Jiang: Okay. And since that the revenue coming from the international is roughly about 4.5%. However, the growth if I just purely look at Q4 2018 versus Q4 2019 the growth from the international revenue is 6.45%. So that seems to be a brighter spot than the aggregate revenue growth around 2.7%. So do you think that you will continue to approach international, particularly in China. However, on the other hand, we do see profit -- net operating loss from international.
Javier Rodriguez: So, yes, I do think we are going to continue to invest in international whether it grows faster than the U.S., we are not giving specific guidance on that. Although, I think looking at the past is a reasonable guide to the future there. So, yes.
Maggie Jiang: I see. And then in terms of Asia -- footprint in Asia, I see there are a few branches, a few centers in Taiwan and China. And youre also working with APAC JV. Can you just give me a sense in terms of whats your business model and how do you approach China or Greater China?
Javier Rodriguez: So we generally don't get into too much detail on any individual countries. So Im going to pass on that one.
Maggie Jiang: Thank you.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Maggie.
Operator: Speakers, there are no questions in queue at this time.
Javier Rodriguez: Well, I want to thank you all for investing the time. We look forward to talking to you again. And we are going to do our hardest to deliver on all that we committed. Thank you and talk again soon.
Operator: And that concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening. My name is Debbie, and I will be your conference facilitator for today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Gustafson you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you Debbie, and welcome everyone to our third quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations, and with me today are Javier Rodriguez, our CEO; Joel Ackerman, our CFO; LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President; and Jim Hilger, our Chief Accounting Officer. Please note that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties please refer to our third quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings, including our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the second quarter of 2019 as updated by our quarterly report for Form 10-Q for the third quarter of 2019. Our forward-looking statements are based on the information currently available to us and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements. Additionally, we'd like to remind you during this call we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our press release submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to our CEO, Javier Rodriguez.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Jim and thank you for joining the call today. And as always, I will start with the clinical highlights to remind us that clinical is at the heart of what we do here at DaVita. As we talked about at Capital Markets, over 50% of our patients begin dialysis treatments through the hospital setting, which is bad for the patients and expensive for the system. We're working hard to lower the number by helping the people better manage their chronic kidney disease through two efforts. First Kidney Smart, which is DaVita's community education program that provides free education on what the kidneys do, diet, medication, and treatment options, including home modalities and transplant. I'm pleased to report that, we have educated over 180,000 people through Kidney Smart and we're making a difference. Based on our tracking, we know that Kidney Smart education individuals who transitioned to ESRD have better clinical outcomes both during and after the transition. Additionally, 32% of Kidney Smart-educated individuals begin dialysis on a home modality, which is almost five times better than the general population. Our other key effort to improve chronic kidney care is our new nephrology-led entity the Nephrology Care Alliance, which will enable nephrologists to come together with DaVita to improve the care coordination for patients. In this model, DaVita will create patient education and predictive analytics while the physicians will contribute clinical expertise to help the patients slow kidney disease progression and start on-home modality. These capabilities are important in both fee-for-service environment and as we continue to grow our value-based care arrangements. We're off to a good start. Two supporting points, first over 500 nephrologists have joined the alliance; and second, Dr. Leslie Wong from the Cleveland Clinic has agreed to join DaVita to lead the way. Next a few comments on our Q3 performance and results. Our adjusted operating income results continue to outperform our original estimates at the beginning of the year, and we have raised our 2019 adjusted operating income guidance for the second time this year. Calcimimetics has contributed to our OI performance, and we have delivered a great outcome. In addition to resulting in positive financial results, our clinical and operational protocols have both improved health outcomes and driven savings to the health care system. While we expect at least one more quarter of positive economics, we continue to expect operating income from calcimimetics to be near breakeven over the long-term. Regarding our financial goal of capital efficient growth our discipline on cost and capital continues with our goal of margin stability. We have delivered strong performance on labor productivity all year, while actively managing our capital expenditures spend down. These efforts have generated strong cash flow a lot of which we have deployed toward share buyback. Now, let me comment on some longer-term issues and developments since our last earnings call. First up California, we're disappointed that Governor Newsom signed AB 290 into law, despite clear evidence of the harm this union-backed legislation will cause for many of our most vulnerable patients in California. Because of the law the American Kidney Fund has made it clear, it will have to cease operation -- operating its patient assistance program in California as of January 2020. To remind you this will leave nearly 4,000 low-income primarily minority patients without financial support that they rely upon to afford health insurance. We along with other kidney care community filed today a legal challenge to AB 290 in federal court in California because we believe it violates the United States constitution. Also in California, we recently learned that the SEIU-UHW has introduced another ballot initiative which could be voted on in November 2020 election. You may recall that in 2018 they sponsored Proposition 8 which was rejected by the majority of California voters. The Union has until April to gather enough signatures to put the proposition on the ballot. We will oppose this new ballot initiative which is simply another attempt to inflict harm on providers, physicians and patients and we believe would add significant unnecessary cost to the system and the taxpayers. Now on to more constructive development, two weeks ago, CMMI released application for 4 voluntary integrated care models for CKD and ESRD. I won't get into the significant detail today, but let me make a few points. These models are nephrologists-centric. The models are complex and we will work to educate the nephrologists to help them evaluate, if these models make sense for their practice. For us the model appeared quite challenging in their current form and they will require significant investments that are unlikely to move the needle on the economics. In partnership with the community, we will continue to share the feedback with the government on ways to improve the model design and quality outcomes for patients.  Finally, it's been a busy 6 months and as many of you heard in capital markets we laid our strategies for long-term success including a new set of financial metrics and goals. I'll be the first to acknowledge that we have more work to do to achieve our longer-term objectives. And yet as I interact with our caregivers, I'm even more confident that we're on a path to improve kidney care for our patients. In closing, we also announced today that Peter Grauer, the Lead Independent Director on our board since 2003 and a member of our Board since 1994 after he took Total Renal Care public, plans to retire from the Board effective at our annual meeting in 2020. After helping to lead the Board through the Chief Executive transition and the sale of DMG, he believes it is now time to step down. We are forever grateful for his tremendous leadership and role in our organization. Now on to Joel, who will provide additional details on the quarter?
Joel Ackerman: Thank you, Javier. Let me start by providing our Q3 enterprise results for revenue, adjusted operating margins and adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to DaVita. We generated $2.9 billion of revenue in the quarter, an increase of 2% over Q3, 2018. As a reminder in Q3 2018, DaVita Rx contributed approximately $100 million of revenue. Our adjusted operating income was $462 million resulting in adjusted operating margin of 15.9%, which includes approximately $74 million related to calcimimetics. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to DaVita was $1.53. Now let me walk you through some of the underlying drivers starting with the components of the U.S. dialysis and lab segment. Non-acquired growth for the third quarter was 2.2% effectively flat compared to NAG in the prior two quarters. While we believe, we are starting to see some progress in the leading indicators of NAG, it's too early to give any guidance on the timing or magnitude of potential improvement. Revenue per treatment was down sequentially by $0.56, driven by normal quarterly fluctuations in revenue. We continue to expect RPT for the full year to be in line with our guidance of up 0% to 1% compared to 2018. Combined patient care costs and dialysis and lab segment G&A were up approximately $1 per treatment quarter-over-quarter, driven primarily by higher compensation and benefits costs offset by lower calcimimetics acquisitions costs. Focusing on calcimimetics. We generated operating income from calcimimetics of approximately $74 million this quarter, as ASP remained relatively flat over Q2, while acquisition prices fell significantly. Revenue per treatment and cost per treatment for calcimimetics were $14.54 and $4.87 respectively. For full year 2019, we now expect to generate approximately $220 million in profit from calcimimetics. Now turning to international. For the quarter, adjusted operating income was approximately $1 million including an FX gain of $3 million and excluding an $84 million goodwill impairment to our German operations. For the full year, we continue to expect to generate positive adjusted operating income, excluding goodwill impairments and currency adjustments. Our effective tax rate on adjusted income attributable to DaVita from continuing operations for the quarter was 27.6%. We continue to expect our adjusted tax rate attributable to DaVita for the full year to be between 28.5% and 29.5%. Now on to cash flow. In the third quarter, operating cash flow from continuing operations was $648 million and our newly defined free cash flow was $437 million. DSOs for the U.S. dialysis and lab business declined sequentially by three days to 60 days in Q3 2019 in line with the improvement we forecasted early in 2019 and back to the level it was at this time last year. CapEx for the quarter was $173 million. We are revising full year CapEx guidance down by $60 million to $740 million to $780 million. Two primary factors are driving the change. First, we managed down our spend on de novo clinics; and second, we delayed spend on some self-development projects that will shift into 2020. We expect to see continued progress on reducing CapEx in 2020. Since Capital Markets Day, we purchased an additional 8.9 million shares at an average price of $58.90 per share. As a result of these purchases, we've reduced our share count by approximately 36.9 million shares or 22% since the close of the DMG transaction. I'll conclude with some comments on our guidance range. As Javier referenced, we're increasing our adjusted operating income guidance for the year to $1.74 billion to $1.77 billion which includes our expectation of approximately $220 million of operating income from calcimimetics. We're also increasing our operating cash flow guidance from continuing operations for 2019 to $1.525 billion to $1.675 billion. For 2020 we're planning to give full guidance next quarter. In the interim we are updating the 2020 adjusted EPS guidance we gave at our Capital Markets Day in September. As a reminder, our guidance at Capital Markets Day was $5 to $5.50 per share and excluded any costs associated with ballot initiatives in 2020. At that time, we did not know if there would be any ballot initiatives introduced. Now that we know there is one being proposed, we've decided to incorporate the current estimated cost of opposing the initiative in our adjusted EPS range. Even after adding in this additional cost, we're increasing the range by $0.25 to $5.25 to $5.75 per share. As a reminder, this range incorporates the estimated impact of AB 290. Operator, let's now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Stephen Tanal with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Stephen Tanal: Good afternoon guys. Thanks for the question. I guess just the first thing to follow-up on, I guess the new guidance for calcimimetics profit for the year implies about I guess $68 million or so in Q4 if we've been tracking this right. And I think the reimbursement for the oral drug is flat sequentially from CMS. So I just want to understand why this contribution would step down sequentially. Is cost going up? Or am I missing something else in that?
Joel Ackerman: It's -- there's -- I'd say there's a bit of noise in the system. The reduction -- I wouldn't read anything material into the reduction.
Stephen Tanal: Got it, okay. And I guess like kind of thinking through that a little bit further, so the final rule came out on TDAPA and it looks like calcimimetics will go to ASP plus zero for next year. It would seem like you guys are potentially buying better than the market. So I guess like shouldn't this leave room for a profit just given your scale? Or how should we think about that?
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, so I would say there certainly might be a little bit of profit. There could be a little bit of loss. There's some noise in the system associated with bad debt that we may not get reimbursed for and some other costs. So I don't think you'll see a big number in either side of zero, but I think zero is a reasonable starting point.
Stephen Tanal: Got it, okay. And then last for me I guess on the patient care cost side per treatment was down pretty significantly year-on-year. Wondered if you could flush out some of the bigger drivers there, maybe touch on Epogen costs in that and whether that's still favorable sequentially versus 2Q? Thank you.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So year-over-year pharma costs did come down and that is an important driver. Sequentially it's not -- there's very little difference between Q2 and Q3 as it relates to Epo.
Jim Gustafson : Debbie, do you have another question?
Operator: Yes. The next question is from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Jim Gustafson: Hey, Kevin.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. Hey. So, just wanted to clarify the 2020 guidance change, it wasn't clear to me exactly why you were raising the EPS number. You're including AB, but your is the rest -- what is the rest? Is it that there will be some calcimimetics benefit next -- into the beginning of next year or share repurchase? What was the...
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So Kevin, I think the best way to think about the change in 2020 is a better share count number to some extent offset by the ballot initiative costs. As you would imagine there are a bunch of moving pieces in there, and we're not ready to give 2020 guidance yet. Our budget isn't finished. So there are other moving pieces. But if you want to think about the dominant dynamics, it's share count driving it up offset by ballot initiatives driving it down.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And just to think about how we should be modeling calcimimetics into next year, does that kind of break even? Is that for the full year? Or did it kind of trend down towards breakeven as the year goes on there maybe a benefit at the beginning of the year moving down to zero?
Joel Ackerman: It could trend down a bit. It's hard to know. Because of the trajectory of ASP, it's hard to figure out some of the cost issues. But I'd say it's fair to say zero for the full year trending down from a little bit positive at the beginning, potentially a little bit negative towards the end.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then, as far as the volume numbers that you talked about. I think you said that you're -- it's early. You're starting to see some leading indicators of NAG going positive. What are you -- exactly are you looking for when you talk about leading indicators? And what are you seeing that's giving you some optimism?
Javier Rodriguez: There's a couple of things that we look at Kevin. But in essence, what we're doing is we're monitoring that the right shifts and the right capacity is going online in our centers and that our admissions execution are -- we're monitoring the demand into our centralized missions and that's looking to stabilize right there.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then maybe last question ifs versus as. It seemed like the big delta in the quarter was calcimimetics and excluding that the quarter was pretty much in line. Is that how you were thinking about it internally? Or how did this quarter come in versus your internal expectations?
Joel Ackerman: Kevin, I think that's a reasonably fair way to look at it. There is a little bit of cost relating to LTIP that is elevated as a result of calcimimetics. So, you can think about that in different ways. You could attribute it to calcimimetics. You could say it's noise in the comp line as we always have noise in the comp line, but I think yours is a reasonably good starting point.
Kevin Fischbeck: Thats great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question will come from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Joel Ackerman: Hello, Justin.
Justin Lake : Thanks. Hi. How are you doing? Good evening. So, just wanted to go through a few things here. First, your share repurchase assumptions, so you ended the quarter I think with a little over $1.2 billion. You bought back $250 million, so call it $1 billion, plus cash flow this quarter. I think you typically like to run around $500 million. So should we think about kind of the dry powder that's left $500 million kind of plus whatever free cash flow you generate going forward? Is that a reasonable way to think about it?
Joel Ackerman: So, I start thinking about our share buyback philosophy, thinking about our leverage range and our comments about intrinsic value and all that kind of stuff. If your question is narrow, how much excess cash is on the balance sheet right now net of the buybacks that have happened since September 30, I think your math is pretty spot on.
Justin Lake: Okay. That's helpful. And then, the ballot initiative, appreciate you kind of putting that in the 2020 numbers. Is it reasonable to think of that spend that you've built in there, in a similar ballpark to the incremental spend you had in 2018 to fight off that ballot initiative?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So, I'll tell you, it's a tough number to predict from where we are right now. That said, I think, that's a reasonable number to start with. As we've kind of played with it, we would say kind of a max of $0.50 a share -- $0.50 of EPS would be the maximum impact that we're looking at right now. But again, it's still pretty early to try and put a definitive range around that.
Justin Lake: Okay. And so then, if we just do some simple math, if the business is doing what you expected it to do and to your point you took up the EPS by $0.25 plus offset, let's call it $0.25 to $0.50 of the ballot initiative costs, you basically assume that the share count -- the share count is ending up, let's call it, 10% to 12% better than what you previously expected, just because you're buying the stock materially cheaper. Is that a reasonable kind of bow to put on this package? 
Joel Ackerman: Is your question, Justin, what are our assumptions today relative to at capital -- to the assumptions we're using at Capital Markets Day? Or are you asking where do we think we'll be relative to today's share count next year?
Justin Lake: No. I guess what I'm asking is more the former, right? At the Capital Markets Day your share assumptions got you to $5 to $5.50. Now effectively, they're getting you, if I exclude the ballot initiative, they're getting you more to like $5.50, $5.75 to $6, $6.25. So it's just, you're taking up the -- I'm just trying to make sure I understand the magnitude of the share repurchase improvement relative to what you thought is that entire movement, which is, again, north of 10% of EPS ex ballot?
Joel Ackerman: Justin, let's come back to this question in a couple of minutes. There are some heads nodding yes and some heads nodding no. So we'll do some quick math here and I'll come back to you in a couple of minutes.
Justin Lake: All right. I'll get back in the queue then. Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Pito Chickering: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. If you go over the patient care costs in the quarter, it sounds like calcimimetics moved about $4 sequentially. So excluding that, it's still down $6.20 year-over-year. Epo was part of that. Can you break out how much of that decline came from nursing costs?
Joel Ackerman: So you're -- I'm sorry. You're asking year-over-year on -- 
Pito Chickering: On patient care costs, excluding -- 
Joel Ackerman: On cost per treatment, just from nursing? Pito, I don't have that number. I don't think we've ever disclosed anything anywhere near that level of granularity.
Pito Chickering: So look is it fair to think that if we look at the year-over-year decline in patient care costs, excluding sequentially what are favorable impact from calcimimetics $6.20, is it fair to think that half of that is labor and half of that is areas like drugs like Epo? Or is there any sort of detail you can give us sort of why that would keep on declining so well?
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So Pito, I'm thinking about year-over-year. So not in the quarter specifically and I think it year-over-year gives you a cleaner number takes out some of the noise. As we think about patient care costs, our expectations are we'll come inside the guidance range, which is remember up 0.5% to 1%. And if you think about how do we get there, it's comp pressure. So maybe that's what you're asking about and that comp pressure comes largely in the form of wage rate pressure and that's offset by the Epo decline. I mean, there are a bunch of other things going on in there. But at a very high level, I think that's a reasonable way of thinking about it, but year-over-year the cost per treatment is up not down.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Fair enough. The organic treatment growth looks to have stabilized this quarter. Is there a sense you can talk about sort of possible headwinds you face from facilities hitting max capacity in states like California?
Joel Ackerman: So, I mean, we've -- I guess, we've talked about this before in terms of the pressure that can come on admissions growth if you're running labor too efficiently. And you can think about it as max capacity. You can think about it as shifts being full and the pressure to not open a new shift, because of the negative impact that can have on labor productivity. So that's a dynamic that we're keeping a careful eye on. I wouldn't necessarily attribute it to any specific market, but the dynamic you're calling out is certainly one that we're keeping a careful eye on.
Pito Chickering: Great. And then last question for me. As there's more and more focus on treating patients at home versus in the center, can you sort of break out what percent of your patients are treated at home and if we're seeing nephrologists begin to sort of change their behavior to get more patients now?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, Pito, this is Javier. The mix is roughly 12% PD and a little below that 2% on HHD. So we're a little below the 14% if you combine the two modalities. The PD is growing at a nice healthy trend and it's similar to what it was before we had the shortage. And so there is clearly an interest in making sure that the patients go to the right modality, but we've seen this in years in the past. 
Pito Chickering: Great. Thanks so much.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from with Whit Mayo with UBS. Your line is now open.
Whit Mayo: Hey, thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Hey, Whit.
Whit Mayo: Hey, afternoon. So in the final ESRD rule admittedly, I haven't read the whole thing. But was there anything that surprised you with QIP, AKI anything? I know there's this innovative transitional drug add-on change for supplies equipment. Just wasn't sure if that means anything for you?
Javier Rodriguez: LeAnne, do you want to comment on that? 
LeAnne Zumwalt: Sure. First the final rule is very similar almost exactly to the preliminary rule. And so they had teed up that certain medical supplies which will be truly innovative could get some partial incremental reimbursement. So that's positive for sure but it was not a surprise. Does that answer your question? 
Whit Mayo: I think so. Maybe it would be helpful to explain elaborate a little bit more with maybe an example of how the TDAPA work for this new supply and equipment. I guess I don't fully understand how it works. 
LeAnne Zumwalt: Well I don't think they gave complete detail. But what I can tell you is that in the final rule they said the equipment or supply must represent an advancement that has substantially improved renal dialysis services. So that's kind of their orientation. There is going to be a process to which these devices will be asked to introduce after 1/1/2020 and it will be the decisions will be made through the FDA marketing authorization. So I'm not sure what exactly you're looking for. I'd be happy to answer specific questions or take it offline with you if you'd like.
Whit Mayo: No that's really helpful LeAnne. My other question I just wanted to kind of talk about California for a second. And let's assume that you and the industry the AKF were unsuccessful getting perhaps an injunction filed and we actually see the AKF pull out of the state altogether. What are the other options for patients at this point? I mean presumably you've thought some about this. I'm just sort of curious come January 1 like what ultimately may happen? 
Javier Rodriguez: Yes it's going to be very interesting to see how it plays out and then of course there are different categories. In some instances the patients will be able to get funding in some other way. And in some instances they're going to lose their coverage. And so we're trying to do math around it and that's why we try to be helpful with the range that we provided and we embedded in our guidance. But the reality is is that we've never been in a situation like this and that's why the range is a bit wide. 
Whit Mayo: Yes. I mean is there another -- when I'm thinking about other ways to obtain premium support the only thing that comes to mind is tax credits premium support and the exchange marketplaces. Is there any other obvious substitution for premium support? 
Javier Rodriguez: Not that we are aware of. Of course we are pursuing all options. Some might qualify for Medicare and other things. So that's why the math is a little tricky and again the range is a bit wide. 
Whit Mayo: Okay. No that's helpful. And maybe two real quick ones. Joel I don't know if you commented on commercial mix. If not can you? And then can we get the actual ending share count on September 30? I don't know if you gave that either. 
Joel DaVita: Yes. Well we didn't comment on commercial mix. There's not a lot to talk about. Q3 tends to be seasonally a little bit weaker because of Medicare open enrollment but nothing significant. 
Whit Mayo: Ending share count? 
Joel DaVita: So the ending share count at the end of Q3 was just under 134 million, 133.9 million. Remember that excludes the shares we bought back since the quarter ended.
Whit Mayo: Great. Helpful. Thanks guys.
Joel DaVita: I'm sorry. Before the next question, Justin I want to get back to you. It's always hard to compare ranges. But roughly speaking, I think you can think of our share count forecast being down about 10% relative to what we talked about at Capital Markets Day.
Operator: And our next question will come from Gary Taylor with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Javier Rodriguez: Hi, Gary.
Gary Taylor: Hey, good afternoon. Just a few quick ones. For the 2020 ballot initiative, did I miss that? Did you size what you thought that would be?
Joel Ackerman: Yes Gary, we -- I'd say two ways to think about it. One is using what we spent in 2018 as a potential proxy. The second is we were thinking if you want to think about it on an earnings per share basis, we would say $0.50 impact on 2020 would be at a kind of a max.
Gary Taylor: Got you. And will you call that out for us in the quarterlies like you did in 2018 what that spend is in the quarter?
Joel Ackerman: I expect we will. I think we'll -- we're trying to develop a pattern of calling out things that are unusual like calcimimetics and the ballot initiatives. So the answer is, yes. I do want to remind everyone on the call that the spend on the ballot initiatives is not tax deductible. So as you're modeling the impact on EPS keep that in mind.
Gary Taylor: Just another one. When I look at full year from where we started the year in January, your OI guidance is up $130 million to $200 million. Am I right that calcimimetics started the year at the $80 million OI assumption that's now a $220 million? So the low-end of that is covered by the calcimimetics increase?
Joel Ackerman: Yes, so Gary, I don't think we gave a specific calcimimetics number at the beginning of the year. If I were to think about a number for early year calcimimetics, I think your number is a bit high. So if you're trying to say of the OI increase from the beginning of the year, how much of that is the result of calcimimetics. And therefore, what's been the -- what's our thinking about core OI now relative to the beginning of the year, I think it is safe to say that the vast majority of the increase is the result of calcimimetics. Core OI is up a bit, but not a lot.
Gary Taylor: Thank you. Last question. I know last quarter we were surprised by the magnitude of labor productivity you had in the quarter. And I know your thoughts at that time were that was going to reverse to some degree. So as I sit here and sort of adjust for the decline in the calcimimetics costs in the quarter et cetera, I mean, it looks like labor productivity wasn't as good as you experienced in the 2Q, but still looks very attractive on a year-over-year basis. Is that the way you're looking at it? Is there anything else -- any other color on those 2Q productivity gains and how they carried into the third quarter?
Javier Rodriguez: You're directionally  sorry, Gary, you're directionally correct on the math that you said. A couple things to call out as well is as our volumes decrease, we did a great job of adjusting and I think we explained the interdependencies between sometimes having labor and volume, and the correlation of managing both of those pieces. So we did go up over 2Q. And we do -- with what we're seeing we expect it to go up even further in Q4, as we're seeing the hiring numbers. And the training costs for the fourth quarter.
Gary Taylor: Okay. Thank you.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Justin Lake with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Justin Lake: Thanks for the questions. I have a couple of follow-ups. You mentioned the impact of the benefit from -- or the impact of LTIP this year, should reverse next year. Is there any kind of number you want to throw out for that that we should kind of keep in mind?
Joel Ackerman: Not really. It's relatively small. And I think they're -- it's not something I would call out as a significant headwind or tailwind going from 2019 to 2020.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then, obviously, we're now looking out to 2020 and thinking about 2021. First, just for a second, it's just simple to say that 2020 earnings that you've got out there now are depressed by about $0.50 because of the ballot. Is there -- there's no offsetting good guide there to think about such that 2021 there would be effectively a $0.50 tailwind as the ballot initiative costs go away, just because there's no ballots that year? And earnings are automatically $0.50 higher before you kind of think about capital deployment and core growth. Is there any kind of offsets you want to throw out there before we kind of think about that?
Joel Ackerman: No. I think the $0.50 is a pretty clean headwind into next year and tailwind into 2021.
Justin Lake: That's helpful. And then just a couple of follow-ups, I think Pito, asked about home starts. Clearly, I think, yourselves and others are pushing to accelerate home. So, I think, the number you gave there of 12% and 2%, was your current number. Would it be helpful maybe to share with us the new starts? And how that might have changed over the last couple of years? Or even just the last three to six months as it seems to become a bigger push? Have you seen any kind of meaningful change there?
Javier Rodriguez: The reality Justin is, that we had a bit of a disruption with the shortage of supply. So it's hard to connect. But pre-supply shortage, we were running around the same rates, that we are now, which are in the low double digits, so anywhere between 12% -- sorry 10% and 13% on PD. The HHD has been more in the flattish range. So the people that fall out are roughly replaced with the newcomers.
Justin Lake: Okay.
Javier Rodriguez: Did that answer your question?
Justin Lake: So the new starts really isn't any different is your point.
Javier Rodriguez: Well, they're different than they were a couple years ago because we had the shortage. And then of course you have to staff up. And you got to tell people that you're ready in. You got to get the market to be confident that you can supply it et cetera. And so, we are actually quite energized by how quickly the market reacted. And how much interest there is. And again, I think with what we said in Capital Markets, it's also not looking like there's going to be transformational but rather evolutionary change.
Justin Lake: Got it, and then, Javier you guys put in an 8-K yesterday that kind of talked about your new compensation agreement and it looked pretty unique in that it looks like you're pulling forward about five years of stock comp into one. And so I just wanted to know if there's -- I know in the -- there was a strike price number in that I think in the high-67s before you're in the money on those RSUs. But is there anything else in terms that we should know about in terms of vesting that? Do you have to hit certain hurdle rates? Is that in a proxy I can go dig out, number one? And maybe you could just give us some color on kind of given this is fairly unique from what I've seen in my time, I just love to kind of hear kind of how you thought about this and how the Board thought about it. And I know you ran it by shareholders as well so maybe just spend a minute on that? Thanks.
Joel Ackerman: Hey, Justin, it's Joel. I'll take this. On the narrow question of vesting, it vest 50% at the end of year three and 50% at the end of year four. There is no performance vesting. I think, the concept here is creating a premium price is effectively what's used to ensure that Javier gets significant value when the shareholders get significant value. And that's really what the Board was trying to create here was an alignment of incentives between the new CEO and the long-term shareholders of the company. And I think there was a lot of support as we went out to talk to shareholders. And I would add this will be put to a vote by the shareholders so all the shareholders would get the opportunity to approve this. So really the guiding principle here was aligning incentives for the new CEO, for the long-term shareholders. And I would -- one other point, I'd highlight is that there is a five-year holding period here. So this isn't about driving the stock price up towards a single or two separate vesting events. Javier has to hold the stock that he gets here for five years. 
Justin Lake: Thanks for all the color there. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Pito Chickering: Hey, thanks. At this point, all the questions had been answered. So thanks so much.
Joel Ackerman: All right. Thanks to you.
Operator: The next question will come from John Ransom with Raymond James. Your line is now open. 
Joel Ackerman: Hi, John.
John Ransom: Hey, guys. Hey, let's pick a point in time a couple years ago where all the payers were mad at you about the exchanges and you had some tough negotiations and let's say, that was the non year. Where are you -- I mean this is a qualitative question, but where are you kind of long-term with some of your key payers? And I know it's always going to be somewhat adversarial just because of the structure of the industry, but what steps are you taking to maybe dial down some of that contention? Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, thanks, John. In general I think you've stated we had some issues on understanding what happened with the exchanges in relation to our industry and the economics of the dialysis industry. I've gone on, on a CEO roadshow with several of the largest payers and continue to reach out to many to make sure that; A, they understand the dynamics and the framework that we have and how unique it is. Two, I want to make sure that they're clear that we are very, very into long-term, sort of, value arrangement and that we are open to being creative in a new structure that we are not married to some kind of fee-for-service old structure. That we are confident that we are the best to be the primary care for our patients because of the amount of time they spend with us and all the comorbidities conditions that we can impact and that we can structure something that is both good for the patient, good for the payers, and good for us. And so that's why we're excited to build the capabilities of integrated care. That message is resonating. But as you know it takes two to dance and it's a complicated systems, arrangements, and math to make sure that you get holistic cost across a commercial population, et cetera to establish benchmarks and trends, so they can do good risk arrangement. So, we're up and running. I think the conversations will take years. So, you're not going to wake up one day and say, wow, there was a tectonic shift. I might be wrong in that, but it looks like it will be a slower transition, but the payers are reacting quite well to it.
John Ransom: Okay. And yes, it's your fate in life to be between difficult people. So, speaking of difficult people physicians one of the things we hear is this move to home and you guys have said it too is a bit of it is culture and a physician training issue. And you have some markets where you have very little. You have some markets where it's 25%. So, again, qualitative question where are you in your charm initiative with the doctors to get some of them maybe to think a little more about PD as a first alternative versus maybe what some of them might be defaulting to the clinic?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, our physicians are actually quite reasonable in that what they want to do is make sure they do what's right for the patient. And they really worry about what's right for the patient and what's right for the system, and they're very independent in their nature and in their thinking. And so what we have to do is make sure that we put the right science and the right specific and the right analytics, so they could train and encourage the right patients to go home. And once we do that the doctors are quite onboard to do whatever is right for the patient and the system. So, we're working on that. And of course we have thousands of them so it takes some time. And as you said some are more bullish and some would want to wait to see how it plays out.
John Ransom: Okay, that's it for me. Thank you.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, John.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Larew with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Javier Rodriguez: Hi Matt.
Matt Larew: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Javier I wanted to follow-up on your comments around some of the CMMI models. You mentioned that they would require significant investment upfront and that maybe not quite like move the needle for you in the near-term. Are there things in particular that you're providing feedback to for CMS things you'd like to see change that would make them more compelling both for you and the -- your nephrologist partners?
Javier Rodriguez: We are and the industry is actually very well-aligned including MedPAC. So, there's a lot of comments out there that try to make sure that people understand how these work. If I were to use -- something to be useful for you Matt is they're a little like -- the frameworks are a little like the ESCOs and then more complicated. And so we now have experience on how surprising it is and let's call it difficult to understand how and what you're going to get paid because of benchmark changes and there's little visibility to it. So, imagine adding all that risk but now you have a physician practice instead of a well-capitalized corporation. And so physician practice would have to be out-of-pocket and not know exactly what its cash flows would be. And so that's really an uncomfortable position for a small business. And so we have a lot of more detail, but in general, I think that's a good healthy way to think about it.
Matt Larew: Okay. Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: We show no further questions in queue at this time.
Javier Rodriguez: Well, I want to close out by thanking all of you. We will continue to work hard for you and for our patients. Talk to you next quarter.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening. My name is Darin, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to DaVita's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Gustafson, you may begin the conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, Darin, and welcome everyone to our second quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in the company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations, and with me today are Javier Rodriguez, our CEO; Joel Ackerman, our CFO; LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President; and Jim Hilger, our Chief Accounting Officer. Please note that during this call we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our second quarter earnings press release, our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and any subsequent filings with the SEC. Our forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to usand we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to our CEO, Javier Rodriguez.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Jim. And good afternoon and thank you for joining the call today. It's nice to be with you as I host my first earnings call as the CEO of the enterprise. As I reflect on my first 60 days, it's been a dynamic time. In that short period of time, the President of United States issued an executive order on kidney health. We closed the DMG transaction, we bought back $350 million of stock, we commenced the tender process to purchase up to another 1.2 billion of stock, we launched a new bank financing, and, most importantly, our team of dedicated caregivers performed over 5 million life sustaining dialysis treatments, hard to believe that it's only been 60 days. Before providing financial details on the quarter, let me start with a clinical highlight. DaVita has had a long commitment to helping as many patients as possible receive kidney transplants. We have created award winning educational programs to support our patients to increase their chances of receiving a transplant. These programs include pure testimonial and animated videos on how to prepare for a transplant evaluation, how to stay active on the waitlist, how to find a living donor, and what to expect after transplant. We're encouraged by the interests of our current administration to try to improve on the biggest challenge, which is actually organ supply. We will continue to support the efforts to help patients on the waitlist receive a transplant, so they can join the estimated 50,000 DaVita patients who are living with a transplant today. Now, let's move on to the quarterly performance which we previewed with you in a press release last week. We saw a strong financial performance in the second quarter. On the positive side, we had a sequential increase in revenue per treatment and a sequential decrease in our costs. On the negative side, non-acquired growth was disappointing. Joel will walk through the numbers, but I thought it'd be helpful to provide you with qualitative views of the drivers. Our year to year, sorry, our year-to-date revenue per treatment continues to be in line with revenue guidance we provided at the beginning of the year. Commercial rates are slightly up year-over-year, and Medicare rates are growing in line with our expectation. Team performed well on cost management with solid improvement in the quarter, primarily due to productivity improvements. Transitioning to growth, we're disappointed with our performance on non-acquired growth, which continues to fall below our expectations. While some of the decrease is related to the slowdown in industry patient growth, there is no getting around the fact that we're underperforming the industry. The question we've been working through are, what is the potential for improvement and when will we see the result? Unfortunately, our response is dissatisfying. We're not ready to commit to specific numbers or timing. On a local market basis, it's proven challenge to differentiate between true underperformance and just good decision-making. We're evaluating opportunities market by market and trying to balance that sometimes conflicting goals of growth, productivity, and capital efficiency. Let me drill down through an example to bring the point to life. A common decision in any given clinic is whether to open a new shift. Most new shifts are temporarily cost inefficient due to the low capacity utilization. If the market has scale, capacity constraint, robust growth, the decision is pretty easy. You open the shift. If the market is small or the growth rate is inconsistent, it might make sense to trade the growth for productivity efficiency. Another example that's playing out in real time is in California, we have only signed two new leases in California this year, which compares to a typical full-year of closer to 25 to 30. This will have a negative growth consequence in the future but will reduce capital deployment in a market where we feel it is not prudent to invest at this time, given the threats of disruption from SEIU. These examples illustrate the trade-offs between growth, productivity, and capital, which highlight we're not looking at any metric in isolation. Now, let me comment on President Trump's executive order. My high level takeaway on the executive order is, we are aligned, we are well positioned, it's early and the economic impact is uncertain. Now, let me expand on each. First, we're well aligned with the administration overarching goal to provide better education to patient to increase home dialysis and to increase the number of transplants. We agree that early education of patients is critical to slowing progression of kidney disease and to increase the chances that more patients will be able to choose the best treatment option for their lifestyle. Second, in partnership with nephrologists, we believe we're well positioned across the continuum of patient care. We're the largest provider of home dialysis in the country and have a full integrated technology platform to make it easier for patients to treat at home. We have a robust education resource offering over 12,000 education classes to CKD patients this year alone to empower more patients to choose home as their preferred modality. We have strong partnerships with over 900 hospitals across the country and we believe that we have a head start in building necessary capabilities to manage full risk in an integrated care environment. Third, with respect with the economic model, the administration announced the intention to pilot five new programs for kidney patients, one mandatory and four voluntary. Few details have been provided on the voluntary models. So, we're not in a position to provide much insight into our strategic approach to drive growth or profitability from these models. What we know about the mandatory model is that there will be an increased payment tied to home penetration and transplant rate. This will consist of two major components. First is a rate increase of 3% in year one for home dialysis, we expect this to result in approximately $5 million to $10 million revenue pick up for us in 2020, which will decline in subsequent years as the rate increase goes away. The second component, which is probably the most important, is the potential for higher or lower revenues based on [indiscernible] clinics driven by performance on home and transplant. CMS expects this to have a negative impact on Medicare reimbursement to the dialysis industry. Given that the dialysis industry already loses money on Medicare reimbursement, we will have to work with CMMI to ensure sustainability long-term economics. However, if it remains as announced and if 50% of our clinics nationwide are part of the demonstration, we should expect to also have some negative impact on our Medicare reimbursement. The community is working hard to better understand the rule and its implications. We intend to provide input and the 60-day comment period to highlight where the regulation may be improved. Now on to Joel to provide some additional detail on the quarter.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. Operating income for the quarter was strong. Let me walk you through some of the details starting with the components of the US dialysis and lab segment. Non-acquired growth for the quarter was 2.1%. Given the first half of the year performance, we now expect non-acquired growth to be between 1.75% and 2.25% in the second half of the year, which would put the full year between 2% and 2.25%, falling short of the guidance we provided earlier this year. Revenue per treatment was up sequentially by $1.60, driven by some positive fluctuations in rate partially offset by a decline in calcimimetics reimbursement and a slight decline in commercial mix. Excluding the impact of calcimimetics, an incremental Medicare bad debt revenue recognized in 2018 on the adoption of the new revenue standard, year to date, revenue per treatment is in line with our full-year guidance. Patient care costs were down approximately $9 per treatment quarter over quarter, driven primarily by improved productivity, seasonal declines in payroll taxes, lower benefit expenses and lower costs for calcimimetics. We do expect some of this favorability to reverse in the second half of the year. Dialysis and lab segment G&A was up quarter over quarter at $1.68 per treatment due to increases in professional fees, the timing of our annual national meeting, and increased compensation expense. This increase in compensation expense in the quarter is mostly formulaic, as it is driven by the improved operating income expectations for 2019. We expect G&A for treatment for the second half of 2019 to be relatively flat with this quarter. Moving on to calcimimetics, we've benefited year to date from multiple launches of generic oral drugs, which have led to declining acquisition prices. Because the reimbursement methodology lags these costs decreases by approximately six months, we have temporarily benefitted until reimbursement declines. In Q2 2019, we generated operating income of approximately $40 million from calcimimetics. This is approximately $14 per treatment of revenue and cost of about $9 per treatment. For 2019, we think the most likely range for the net operating income benefit from calcimimetics will be $125 million to $150 million. We do not expect this to occur in future years. Our current estimate is that the future operating income contributions from calcimimetics will be roughly breakeven. In international for the quarter, we generated approximately $1 million of operating income and we continue to expect to generate positive adjusted operating income for the year. Our effective tax rate on adjusted income attributable to DaVita from continuing operations for the quarter was 27.9%. We continue to expect our effective tax rate on adjusted tax -- we continue to expect our effective adjusted tax rate attributable to DaVita for the full year to be between 28.5% and 29.5%. Now on to cash flow. Operating cash flow from continuing operations for the second quarter was $574 million. DSOs for the US dialysis and lab business declined sequentiallyby one day to 63 days in Q2 2019. Reported CapEx for continuing operations for the quarter was $156 million. For 2019, we expect to report approximately 120 de novos. This represents the number of new centers that are certified in the year and is primarily the result of decisions that were made approximately two years ago. The actual numbers of centers that we are building in 2019 is significantly lower. Our current forecast for new center construction for 2019 is approximately 80 centers. This will result in fewer certified centers reported next year. As noted in our releaselast week, we increased our adjusted operating income guidance for the year to $1.64 billion to $1.7 billion. We're also increasing operating cash flow to $1.45 billion to $1.625 billion consistent with a tax effective change to our adjusted operating income. As always, our guidance is built to incorporate the impact of expected swing factors, although there are scenarios in which we could end up above or below this range. Now, I'll turn it over to Javier for some closing remarks.
Javier Rodriguez: Thanks, Joel. While it's too early to provide guidance for 2020, there are three specific call outs regarding next year above and beyond the normal puts and takes. Number one, we expect the operating income from calcimimetics to go away as Joel mentioned earlier. Number two, we expect the potential headwind from union driven ballot initiatives, and number three, CMS preliminary proposed net market basket update for 2020 is approximately 1.7. I am looking forward to providing more color on our strategy on our upcoming Capital Markets Day which is now September 10 in New York. So, that is it. Darin, if you could open the line for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have one question in queue from Kevin Fischbeck.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right. Great. So, I guess, I can ask all the questions that I want. So, I guess, you mentioned, I guess, kind of in the pre-announcement that the substantial majority of the increase in guidance was due to calcimimetics. Were there other dynamics that came in favorably that you're now expecting to come in favorably for the rest of the year that are contributing to the guidance range?
Joel Ackerman: As I look at the rest of the year, obviously they're ranges in there. But, I'd say, the core business, the general dynamics are revenues coming in as expected, labor is favorable, growth is unfavorable. You put that all together, the core is relatively in line with what we were expecting.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then the volume growth numbers, obviously, you kind of now feel like there is a market share loss that's going on there. And I appreciate you can't at this point yet say when it will improve, but I guess kind of most definitionally, if you're talking about doing fewer de novos, doesn't that mean that it's not going to get better next year, and its going to get worse or is there some offsetting dynamic to that that we should be thinking about volume being similar or better next year?
Joel Ackerman: So, on the de novo issue specifically, it depends a lot on what the rest of the industry builds. Our expectation is that as the industry growth slows and there's a shift to home, we'll be building fewer centers. What the rest of the industry chooses to do, it's hard to predict. So that's the dynamic there. In terms of industry growth looking forward, again hard to predict, you look at the USRDS data, which has a few quarter lag, you can certainly see a slow down there. You layer on to that, the more real time numbers we're seeing in terms of transplants, and that growth seems -- I mean, it's still early but it seems to be accelerating for 2019. So you put that all together, and it's again hard to predict what will happen to the industry. But it's not hard to see that continuing to slow as well.
Javier Rodriguez: So said another way on the first point, Kevin, the question is, will the industry operate at a higher utilization and therefore the de novo count doesn't equal non-acquired growth?
Kevin Fischbeck: Well, I guess, like when you decided to slow down your de novo growth, my impression was it was in large part due to a view that the industry growth was slowing. Now you don't think that if your growth is slowing as much. So, I guess, that might mean that you are in fact going to be opening fewer de novos than your competitors next year.
Javier Rodriguez: We do think the industry growth is slowing. That's what we've seen over the last few years. You see it in the USRDS data. So, I might have created some confusion, but we do see -- we do expect the growth to slow down.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. But that was not the only reason why you slowed it down. It was also a view that there would be a shift to home as well.
Javier Rodriguez: Definitely.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right. And then I guess, you talked about how the new payment model is going to have incentives around shift to home. And then you mentioned that you thought that you would be negatively impacted because the industry overall was going to be negatively impacted. What is your thought process at least as far as your initial review of the criteria for that bonus payment? Is it that you're such a big part of the industry that it's hard for you to be anything but average or do you feel like right now you're probably going to be better than average, but still not enough to overcome the rate cuts, how are you seeing that shape up?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. We have very little information on it other than directionally what they want to do or what they mention is to move the curve to the left, if you will. And when you're as big as we are, 37%, you assume that at some point, you're going to look a bit like the curve. And so, they have not given us much colors. There's a point system, et cetera, but we don't know how it will work. And that's one of the things that we're trying to shape in the 60-day comment period, because of course we would like that to have some upside for those that outperform.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right. And maybe my last question. I think you've talked about that shift to home over the next five years, I guess, what exactly is your expectation for total industry growth during that time period, because I think that initially with the shift to home chemo, there's been some home dialysis. There's been some concern that if there's a big shift to home that it will create negative leverage on your sites. Does that shift to home chemo or home dialysis that you're assuming in the next five years, does that still assume core growth on the in-center business and therefore no negative leverage or is there potential lapse scenario where you are successful in shifting to home and there are some positive profitability from doing that, but then there's negative offset at the in-site performance. Thanks.
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. So, Kevin, you'd have to look at this market-by-market, and there could be some markets where our in-center capacity becomes less utilized as a result of this. But if you look at it in general across the country, we don't expect to create any sort of trap G&A or underleveraging of the centers through the growth of home. We think there will be enough industry growth to satisfy the increased shift to home without emptying out centers.
Joel Ackerman: And it's important to remember, Kevin that roughly 80% of patients that are home end up in-center. And so, the continuum of care is necessary throughout a patient's journey.
Operator: Thank you. Next we have Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Justin Lake: So first off, obviously a much better quarter in 2Q. I don't think I've ever seen cost decline sequentially like that without some bigger picture kind of item changing. So, I was hoping you can give us some color on the cost per treatment in the second quarter, a little more color on what drove it and how sustainable is it into the back half of the year?
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So, Justin, the two biggest drivers were labor productivity and calcimimetics. The calcimimetics, I think, we've called out that number should continue to decline over the rest of the year. In terms of labor productivity, it was a big jump. It was great performance by the team as we think about how that plays out for the rest of the year. We think there is certainly the possibility that some of that reverses itself. We're looking carefully at seasonality in the current environment. There is some seasonality to turnover, which generates seasonal patterns of training that can be higher in the back half of the year. And as training goes up, labor productivity comes down.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then, in terms of your updated guidance, when I try to put pen to paper on the back -- run the back of the envelope math. When I think about the increase in calcimimetics year-over-year, the contribution is obviously enormous. If you look at some other moving parts, and I wanted to kind of get your viewpoint here. But I think you guys kind of agreed in the first quarter, your core growth was down about 3% to 4% ex-moving parts. And it looks like it's about plus 4% in the second, so maybe flat for the year-to-date. And then, the guidance seems to imply about flat maybe even down slightly ex-moving parts in the back half of the year. So I just wanted to get an idea, is that kind of ballpark to how you've seen the business in terms of what you saw in the first half and the implied guide for the back half in terms of core growth?
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So, if you stick with the middle of the range for the full year, you would just -- for calcimimetics, both '18 and '19 and then just for the four things we called out in 2018, you get OI that's flattish year-over-year. So, I agree with your math. In terms of what's driving it, I'd call out two things. The biggest one is wage rates versus RPT growth. That is a headwind. We have some offsets to it, but with our biggest cost item growing in the ballpark of 3% and RPT 1% or below, that's a headwind. The other is largely the result of calcimimetics and this gets a little technical. So let me try and explain this. Some of our variable comp is a long-term incentive program. Those targets for next year get set in 2017 and we're accruing against that LTIP payout this year as well as last year. Because of the OI generated by calcimimetics, it's led to a much larger accrual this year than last year, and that creates a headwind in '19 over '18. So that's a second component of what's holding back the OI growth year-over-year.
Justin Lake: Okay. That's interesting. I mean, as we think about the back half of the year, the implied guide of flat continuing, does that assume that the labor productivity kind of goes away or remains at the existing levels. Can you give us some color there?
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. I'd say, there are two things driving that. One is, there is some reversal on the labor productivity. And second, there is some G&A timing that we think will hit in the second half of the year. That leads to basically again at the middle of the range, a flat second half of the year versus the first half of the year. That again backs out calcimimetics.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then if I can just ask one last question on calcimimetics, you gave us the 125 to 150 that is going to go away at some point. So, one, can you give us the slope of the line that you think that's going to kind of go to back to breakeven over the next year or two? I know it didn't go. It doesn't look like it's going into the bundle for next year. So I assume it goes to zero, am I right in thinking that it goes to zero when it goes into the bundle and that'll  there will just be some smaller spreads next year and how should I think about that? And then, do you want to give us that number on the accrual that should maybe reverse itself in 2020, that maybe offset some of this $125 million to $150 million headwind that you've highlighted to us?
Joel Ackerman: No, I wouldn't call that out as a major tailwind next year over this year. I'd call it out as a headwind last year. There's a little bit niche, but it's not something -- it's not of a magnitude that's worth that I'd want to call out. On the calcimimetics slope, first I'd say, there's still uncertainty about how calcimimetics plays out. So, we've given you a range there and it could be above or below that range. The expectation is, Q3 will be higher than Q4 and going into 2020, we're expecting it to be pretty close to zero.
Operator: Next is Pito Chickering from Deutsche Bank.
Pito Chickering: On the organic creeping growth of 2.1%, as you look at your data, a few questions on this one. Number one, has the churn rate from losing live patients changed? Number two, has your acquisition of new patients changed? Or number three, has your mortality of your current patients changed?
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Well, let me grab and -- unfortunately didn't write the first one down. On mortality
Pito Chickering: The churn rate from losing live patients.
Javier Rodriguez: Losing live patients? I don't know what that means. Are you saying our patients transferring out of our centers?
Pito Chickering: Correct. Has that changed in the last year or two?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. The short answer is, not that we know of. We were not hearing from patients transferring from one center to another. On mortality, the mortality rate had plateaued. And so, what happened was, for an extended period of time in the past, mortality got better year-over-year. So in essence, that helped the growth, but that line has plateaued, it hasn't gotten any better or worse, it's just been very stable. So that impacts growth. Did I get all of your questions or I missed one?
Pito Chickering: Yeah. So basically the underperformance is not from losing patients, it's effectively you are gaining new patients slower than you have in the past?
Javier Rodriguez: That is correct.
Pito Chickering: Okay. On the cost per treatment, besides labor in calcimimetics which you've highlighted, how much did epo pricing have an impact on costs, and I asked because Amgen reported a large decline about 11% due to lower selling prices and they referenced prices continuing to decline through 2019.
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. So we're restricted from talking about pricing on our Amgen contract, but we are a very large customer. So, I think you can do some back-of-the-envelope math on pricing.
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then a follow-up on that one for commercial pricing, you guys guided to, in January of course pricing was down 1% to up 50 basis points, the commentary on today's call was more positive. Can you provide an updated view of what commercial pricing is now that we're halfway through the year?
Joel Ackerman: We're not updating that. We currently expect roughly to continue to be in the range. But you can certainly imply from the comments that we're likely to be at the higher end of it.
Pito Chickering: Great. And then last question for me, actually on CapEx. You guys are not changing your CapEx guidance of 800 million to 840 million, [indiscernible] 45% at this point of the year. I guess why are you guys maintaining the CapEx guidance and are you really telling us you can step up CapEx growth in the back half of the year?
Joel Ackerman: There's a lot of timing swings that can go into the CapEx from one quarter to the next. So, I wouldn't read too much into the fact that the first half of the year was a bit less than half of our guidance.
Operator: Next, we have Steve Tanal from Goldman Sachs.
Steve Tanal: So I guess the one thing I'm just trying to foot, the $14 RPT from calcimimetics came down from 16% last quarter, so call it sort of 12% or so down sequentially. I think the TDAPA [ph] reimbursement was down about 4%. So just trying to understand how to bridge those numbers. Is there any change in sort of the utilization rate or the percent of patients who use that so far, utilization being from DaVita versus sort of the percent of the patients using it, is that all pretty stable or what explains that difference?
Javier Rodriguez: The patient utilization is relatively stable. There are changes in the move from oral to IV that can impact the number as well. But overall, the OI from calcimimetics, Q1 to Q2, was pretty consistent.
Steve Tanal: Got it. And maybe more oral this quarter moving from an intravenous potentially. Is that reasonable?
Javier Rodriguez: No. I believe the IV number is up a bit. So, I think we should take this offline, maybe we can help you with your math after the call.
Steve Tanal: Got it. Okay. Really helpful. And then, I just wanted to clarify, did you actually say that the calcimimetics cost per treatment should be down in the third quarter?
Javier Rodriguez: Yes.
Steve Tanal: Got it. Okay. That's good to hear. And so then, I guess with the guide being 125 to 150 for the year, it's like about $80 million that have happened in the first half. So, I guess, that would imply TDAPA rates, I guess for 3Q would be down more to bridge that gap. Okay. All right. I think that makes sense. And then, I guess just with TDAPA going to extend in 2020, at least as proposed from CMS, does that sort of suggest that the earnings benefit could potentially continue, or do you guys just think reimbursement is going to come down enough to offset it, is that sort of what you're implying?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. The ASP has this lag relative to the cost coming down, and we expect by 2020, it'll effectively have caught up. The reason why they expanded the TDAPA is because they're trying to calculate what if anything they do to the bundle. And the fact that not all patients get this drug and the fact that the pricing continues to change and the fact that oral is so much cheaper than IV makes that math complicated. So they just said, let's extend the year and do it a plus zero.
Steve Tanal: Yeah. Helpful. Okay, great. And Javier, I think you mentioned that you expected ballot initiatives again next year. Can you elaborate on that?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. The short answer is, we don't have any visibility but we know that the union is trying to just throw sand in the gears and make it difficult for us. And so just being that 2020 is the ballot year, we just are calling it out, so we're not surprising anyone.
Steve Tanal: Got it. Okay. Perfect. So nothing specific. And then, maybe two more quick ones. So, one is, you acquired, I guess, five international clinics in the quarter. So I guess the question would be, what's your level of interest in doing maybe larger deals or more clinics outside the US at this point?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. I don't think we're going to comment on any large M&A that may or may not be happening in internationally, we continue to look at growing international. We want to do it in a capital efficient way, but we're not going to comment on any specific transactions.
Steve Tanal: Okay. That's fair. And just only lastly, I guess bigger picture how are you guys thinking about organic growth in Huawei going forward? Or how would you frame it sort of like from an algorithm perspective, if you do think about it that way, what kind of growth rates you think are reasonable or sustainable over time and how do you get there working RPP versus expenses as such?
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Steve, look it's a great question. We're not going to give any long-term guidance on the earnings call today, it's a more appropriate topic for Capital Markets Day. So, hold on a few weeks and we'll address that.
Steve Tanal: Okay. That's fair. I'm actually, maybe if I could slip one more in, just thinking about the 2021 ESRD change for Medicare Advantage. It sounds like the MA rates in the market are materially higher than fee-for-service right now. I guess could you help us sort of understand, are they sort of closer to commercial rates than fee-for-service or how does that generally look on average?
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. I would say that, we don't like to talk about rates, but just to give you an orientation, they do have a premium to Medicare, but it is way closer to Medicare than it is to commercial rates.
Operator: Our next question comes from Whit Mayo, UBS.
Whit Mayo: Hey. Thanks. Just maybe a couple of quick ones here. I think Joel, you referenced higher professional fees as one of the drivers pushing your G&A up this quarter. Can you maybe elaborate a little bit more on that?
Joel Ackerman: There is nothing too interesting there that we've got some higher legal fees in there and a couple of other things. But nothing worth calling out.
Whit Mayo: Okay. And then maybe just California for a second. The Union initiatives you're flagging that as a headwind, just can you maybe elaborate a little bit more on like, why this is sort of crystallizing your mind more, is it like a definitive headwind?
Joel Ackerman: I don't know if it's crystallizing, but rather it's not going away. And so we just know that the unions are very present and they want to be disruptive. And obviously, they were disruptive last year, so we think that it's in their playbook.
Whit Mayo: Right. My last question back to MA in 2021, not so much though the reimbursement side, but we're hearing the HMOs talk more about 2020 and they seem to suggest, on one hand, they're not exactly excited about this since they lose money on these patients or their members. But on the other hand, I think presumably, there's a very large premium in these special needs programs, and if they can find the right clinical partners and have alignment that you could really put something interesting together. So I just wanted to hear maybe from your side of the table what you see in terms of the conversations and the collaborations and the potential partnerships over the next year or so with some of the VMA plans.
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. Well, you've got your finger right on the pulse, which is people start off a bit nervous and then when we start talking and seeing what we can do with that patient population together, some very constructive and productive conversations usually flow thereafter. So, right now, the regular MA population in the country is in the mid-30s; in dialysis patients, it's somewhere in the mid-20s. And so the first thing they think about is like, oh my gosh, volume expansion, but of course what MA is so good about doing is adding value to patients that actually consume a lot of services and our patients are that very sick and they consume a lot of services. So once we sit down and we explore different methodologies, we're coming up with some win-wins. And so that's the conversations we're having around the country.
Whit Mayo: Okay. So do you think we'll be talking about any partnerships? I mean, it seems unlikely from my point of view that if someone really wanted to build out, call it, a special needs plan, how can you ignore a DaVita that has such a significant presence in the market and the ability to really help control and manage the costs. I guess, do you think this translates into some partnerships going -- before we get to 2021?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. It's an interesting way to look at it. I think in general, the big structural advantage that you should think of is that the patients are with us 12 hours a week, and we could do a lot in-center, we could do a lot of coordination. And so, we have a strategic structural advantage, if you will. And so that's one of the things that puts us in the center of it, and that doesn't mean that we have to do everything. So that might open up to some of the things you're talking about and some partnerships with others. But the big -- the big sort of game changer is actually having the patient 12 hours.
Operator: Next, we have Gary Taylor from JPMorgan.
Gary Taylor: I just want to go back to the quarter a little bit. Im just struggling to understand what was a really good OI number. As Justin talked about, I mean we haven't seen, I think in 20 years, expense down $9. Sequentially, it was bigger than even the first year of 2011 under the bundled payment and it sounds like the -- or the calcimimetics OI contribution was 40 million this quarter. It was 38 million last quarter, so pretty much unchanged but US dialysis OI is up 82 million sequentially and it seems to be so much driven by this expense number in the productivity. So, I mean can you maybe frame that in the historic context a little bit? And when you talk about productivity, did DaVita have markets where you had layoffs or is this just as teammates turned over, you didn't fill those positions. You got some operating leverage and that's why some of that will normalize in the back half. But it just looks like a huge sequential increase in OI of that expense per treatment number.
Javier Rodriguez: Gary, I think I might have heard a compliment in there. I'm not sure.
Gary Taylor: That is great, yeah, it was great.
Javier Rodriguez: No, look, to answer the question, there was no big layoff or anything like that. It was literally amazing operational discipline across the country. And this is one of those things, 2,600 centers with operations just doing great work. And you see the calcimimetics price decrease, we can't take credit for that. They're just new entrants in generics and as someone mentioned on the call, there's other pharmaceuticals that are moving downward as well on some pricing, sometimes utilization. And so it was just a good quarter on that front and we're very proud of it.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, Gary, the only thing I'd add is Q1 was a bit light, and if you think about what's -- how to think about run rate of where we are, our guidance for the back half of the year, as I said before, would imply that Q2 isn't the run rate, but the average of Q1 and Q2 is the run rate. So I think part of the improvement was Q1 was a bit light and Q2 was particularly strong.
Gary Taylor: I guess, is there anything you learned in repeatable about this or some of it was just sort of the stars aligned on this productivity and it even surprised your expectations?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. I wouldn't say that there's anything you learn other than a reminder of how diligent you have to be when you go across such a wide system. In addition, the dynamic that we talked about the interlink between productivity and growth is one of the things that we're continuing to debate which is if you run very, very lean and efficient, sometimes you might not have the staffing if that new patients coming to open up a shift or you might not be as agile as you want. And so, sometimes you might actually go too productive and so what we're evaluating is, should you build a little slack in the system and build more labor, and what is the economic trade-off between that and [indiscernible] and how does that all net out? And as you can imagine that depends on the type of insurance of the patient. It depends on whether there's more patients coming to that shift, et cetera, et cetera. And all that assumes that we're in full control of labor sometimes of course someone goes on leave or someone quits and it's a tight labor market. So all those dynamics are in interplay and so we have good productivity and bad [indiscernible] and we're trying to figure out how we feel about the whole thing, but OI was good that quarter.
Gary Taylor: Yeah. That's great. Two more quick ones. Joel, last quarter you told us on the calcimimetics benefit, you gave us what it was in the comparable quarter. So, for 2Q of '18, do you have a number, was it still up roughly 20 million year-over-year?
Joel Ackerman: I'm trying to do the quick math in my head. It would be up a little bit more than that. I'm thinking about 25 million although someone's going to flash me the exact number year-over-year.
Gary Taylor: Okay. And then, my last one, Javier. Before this Trump executive order, was the industry engaged with the administration, or did the administration seek much industry input. I know this very complex, one mandatory, four voluntary sort of set up does not look like the sort of simplistic capitated rate that the industry has advocated for Medicare fee-for-service patients that leads me to think maybe you didn't have a lot of input ahead of time. But, is there any comment you can make on that?
Javier Rodriguez: Sure, Gary. We've had a lot of input. We have had many discussions, many meetings. Of course, when you give your opinion, it is just that an opinion and they take it into account, and they listen to all the different constituents. And so, you never know exactly how your opinion is landing or your input is landing. But we did a lot of education for an extended period of time.
Joel Ackerman: Gary, I was a few million light on my year-over-year, so calcimimetics was up roughly 28 million year-over-year in Q2.
Operator: Next, we have Matthew Gillmor from Baird.
Matthew Gillmor: Hey, thanks. I just had a couple of follow-ups. So, for the potential advocacy cost in 2020, if the unions do move forward with the ballot initiative, would it be fair for us to assume that it would drive about $60 million in higher cost, which I think would put you back to 2018 levels or would that number be sort of bigger or smaller?
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Matthew. The short answer is, it is literally impossible to estimate, but a couple of things to help you think through the variables is what state it's in because media and other things to educate the voters very substantially in price, number one. Number two, the ballot initiative last year was very off balance and weighted in its language. So, therefore, we had to spend more money educating people. So, if the language can be at least more neutral, that would really offset a lot of the cost. And then, of course, well, those are the variables. I'll stop there and then, of course, the number of states would be the last variable. How many fights are you taking on?
Matthew Gillmor: And then, maybe on the slowdown in [indiscernible]. Does that have any implications or influence on your commercial mix since it's the new patients that are more likely to have commercial coverage or is it not enough to move the needle from a mix perspective?
Javier Rodriguez: I don't think the slowdown in industry growth itself has a material impact on mix. There's the demographic headwind that we've called out in the past, but that really isn't about growth. That's just about the age at which a patient ages into -- or requires renal replacement therapy.
Joel Ackerman: Matt, let me make sure, we remind you that last quarter I said that the guidance we gave on mix at JPMorgan was too tight at that plus or minus 5 basis point that it moves up and down more than that. And if you had me guess, we'd probably be down slightly by the end of the year but all that is incorporated in our guidance.
Matthew Gillmor: And then, Joel, could you help us out on the interest expense and maybe where that will land with the debt repayment and the refi, just give us some sort of indications of where that would be going forward?
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So, obviously it'll come down as the total leverage number comes down. The financing is in process now, so it's hard to predict where ultimately what we will wind up with rates. But we will be more skewed towards bank versus bond as a result of this and that would likely bring the kind of weighted average interest rate down a bit. So lower rate likely combined with a lot less debt.
Operator: Next, we have Matt Larew from William Blair.
Matt Larew: You mentioned that you are the market leader right now in home dialysis. But sort of if you have a sense for what percentage of new patients entering in the home today you're getting and what percentage of, you mentioned CKD training programs you might be leading, whether that's commensurate with your share on in-center dialysis?
Javier Rodriguez: I don't know that number off the top of my head. But what we can tell you is, our aspiration and our goals right now is to have roughly 25% of our patients by 2025, which would mean that we of course would have to really accelerate because it's roughly double what we have now. So we would have to really accelerate the incoming going home. And there are a lot a lot of hurdles on that because it's the way that physicians practice, it is a patient's choice. So there is a lot of things going on in that variable, but what we want to do is be aspirational. And right now, our rough math has that home selection is growing about 4 times what in-center is growing at, but again the total mix is materially lower.
Matt Larew: And then, just a question on the capital allocation, obviously, you do have the tender right now, the buyback you just announced, but just in light of some of the deceleration of growth, the lower de novo activity and the rationalization of some of the OUS footprint, how do you think about deploying capital to accelerate top line growth?
Javier Rodriguez: So we're always interested in investing in the business and investing in growth. What I hope we've made clear is we need to do that in a capital efficient way. So, we'll continue to invest in de novos that give good returns, we'll continue to do acquisitions that give good returns although those are fewer and far between. We've talked in the past about our willingness to make investments outside of the kidney care industry and we have not given up on that, but we haven't changed our view relative to what we've said over the last few quarters which is our appetite for a multi-billion dollar acquisition is very low. And should -- if we do something there and there's no -- it's not at all a foregone conclusion that we will, it'll be something of a much more limited scale. So that's how we're thinking about deploying capital for growth.
Operator: Back in queue, we have Whit Mayo from UBS.
Whit Mayo: Hey, I thought somebody might ask this. I don't know if LeAnne is on the call or not, but the CPA regs that are sitting at the OMB, any updated thoughts on the content of that regulation, just wasn't sure if you had a new thought on it.
Javier Rodriguez: LeAnne is on the phone. But my understanding -- LeAnne you can jump on is that we don't have any additional information.
LeAnne Zumwalt: That's correct. Yeah, we don't have any details.
Operator: Thank you. Speakers, we show no further questions in queue.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Well, we had a good quarter. We're going to continue to work very hard and we look forward to seeing you all in a couple of weeks in Capital Markets. Have a great day, everyone.
Operator: And that concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good evening. My name is Darren, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to DaVita's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.  Mr. Gustafson, you may begin.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you. Darren and welcome everyone to our first quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations, and with me today in the room are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Joel Ackerman, CFO; Javier Rodriguez, CEO of DaVita Kidney Care; and Jim Hilger, our Chief Accounting Officer. Please note that during this call we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our first quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent Thiry: Thank you and greetings to all of you. And thank you for your interest in DaVita. The first quarter results as many of you've already seen were slightly ahead of our expectations. Javier and Joel will elaborate on that but as we are first and foremost a care given company, I'll start as we always have with the clinical highlights. In this case, readmissions, hospital readmissions of course remain the top priority. The normal 30-day hospitalization readmit rate via 30 patients is about 35% that's more than double for the normal patient population in Medicare. Our Q1 readmit rate was 31.8% so significantly lower also continuing to improve versus the prior quarter and prior year. And our readmit rate is steadily trended down since we launched a number of transitions of care initiatives really but pretty much starting in 2017, which focused on delivering the right care to patients when they are discharged. If you do the math just to get a sense of the impact on the overall system and the savings and quality improvements associated there with, that improvement of the last two years equates alone to about 45,000 fewer patient days in the hospital. Good for patients; good for taxpayers, good for their families and we're all they going to get better. Moving on this is just shy my 20 year anniversary here at DaVita. I think it's my 102nd earnings call, when I combine that with my time at Vivra where some of you were with me/us there as well. It's nice to finish in a call we're going to reaffirm our annual guidance. And I was told the other day by one of the capital markets players that we have in fact hit our annual guidance and every one of the 20 years, Javier and I together. It is also a good thing about this call that I'm turning over the ranks to Javier whom some of you know and all of you will soon know. We work together as friends and partners for over 20 years. It's been my heir apparent for several years, but this was a board directed process really according to all contemporary best demonstrated practices. But it's nice that both the board and I feel like we're leaving you in very, very good hands. A quick DMG update. There are really three positive things to say about DMG before I turn things over to JR figuratively, as well as substantively. But the three positive points on DMG, number one, we do have a clear path to obtaining FTC approval, which is the exact same perspective that was shared by United quite recently. Good fact number two is that since those statements, there have been a number of recent developments that have moved us along that path, and I was feeling even more positive. And then third, DMG itself has had a solid flash strong operating performance in the first quarter. The rest of the year looks even stronger, making the close all the more attractive to United. Now over to JR.
Javier Rodriguez:  Thank you Kent, and good afternoon, everyone. I am humbled and I am excited about the opportunity to serve as CEO of DaVita where I have been for 22 years. I look forward to giving you all detailed view on my plans for the company at our Capital Markets Day which we are in the process of finalizing and scheduling for August or September. That said; let me reassure you that I do not expect any major changes in our strategic direction. So let me reaffirm six elements of that. First, we're a caring company and our focus on clinical excellence will remain at the core of everything we do. Second, we will use our strong platform of over 2.900 clinics including 1,400 home programs and 900 hospitals of hospital relationships and a network of over 5,000 nephrologists to help provides continuity of care for the patient as they transition between the sites of care. Third, we will continue to pursue integrated care with the intensity that is deserved. Four, we will plan a robust set of patient data and innovative analytic tools that will help improve patient care, while lowering overall cost. Fifth, we will continue to build our unique DaVita culture. And finally, we will continue to be disciplined with our capital. Now let me transition to first quarter results. First, our adjusted operating income for the kidney care business is off to a good start for the year, generating $382 million for the first quarter. As you've seen our results, we're experiencing slower trends in unit growth than we expected a few months ago. There are many variables that contribute to the non acquired growth and they're difficult to individually quantify. That said; let me call out a couple of those factors. One, the growth of transplant volumes continued in the first quarter, is talked about in the past about the opioid crisis driving much of this. Is that what will happen in the future? It is hard to say. It is tragic there is an increase in the deaths due to the opioid crisis yet it is a gift for our patients with kidney disease who benefit from the organ donors. Two, we have seen an increase in competitive activity. For example, in the back half of 2018 there was a pickup a number of competitive de novo. Despite the slowdown in volume, we are reaffirming our guidance for both adjusted operating income and cash flow from the year. Regarding calcimimetic, you may recall that we mentioned that this would be one of the biggest string factors in our adjusted operating income for the year. We expect that things will remain quite dynamic as a number of generic entrance and pricing remains fluid, making it hard to predict the full-year financial impact. Before I turn it over to Joe, let me make a few comments on policy. Over the last few months, HHS secretary, Azar has articulated four priorities to focus the department's work. One of which is transform the healthcare system from one that pays for procedures and sickness to one that pays for outcomes and health. Starting with some bold proposals in primary care and given the comments he's made about the dialysis industry, we are optimistic about the opportunities to transform the kidney care sector. Overall, we support his vision to slow the incidence and progression of kidney speeds, broaden the availability and uptick of home dialysis and transplantation and support the continuity evolution and adoption of value-based care delivery models. We have advocated for these policies and have implemented innovative programs towards each of these objectives over the years. We are philosophically aligned and are eager to learn more about the specific. Now on to Joe to provide some additional details on the quarter.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you Javier. First, I will walk you through some components of our US dialysis and lab segment. Non acquired growth for the quarter was 2.4%, absent a turnaround in future quarters in the underlying metrics Javier referenced; we expect to come in below our non acquired guidance range of 2.5% to 3.5%. Revenue per treatment for the quarter was in line with our guidance, and was up sequentially by $0.40. Before I move on to cost per treatment, I did want to address a question that came up last quarter about our Medicare Advantage mix. For context, the MA mix for all dialysis patients with Medicare as disclosed in the most recent US RDF data was 21% in 2016. In 2016, our percent of MA in Medicare was in line with the rest of the dialysis industry. As you would expect that number has grown for us and we assumed for the industry as well given the secular shift to MA in the broader marketplace. In Q1 of 2019, our MA mix stood at 24% of Medicare patients. We expect this number to continue to grow roughly in proportion to the MA market growth before the 21st century Cures Act in 2021. Patient costs were down a $1.52 per treatment quarter-over-quarter, driven by lower drug costs, partially offset by higher employee benefit costs and seasonally higher payroll taxes. Dialysis and lab segment G&A was down quarter-over-quarter $0.86 per treatment as a roughly $3.00 per treatment decrease in advocacy spend was largely offset by higher compensation and benefit expense. Now some details on calcimimetic. In Q1, 2019, we generated revenue about $17 per treatment with costs of about $11 per treatment from calcimimetic creating a temporary quarter-over-quarter tailwind of just over $20 million. For the rest of 2019, we continue to expect calcimimetic to be one of the biggest swing factors in our OI forecast. Longer term, we continue to expect that calcimimetic will be margin neutral to slightly negative depending on how reimbursement is set. As a reminder, the first quarter tends to be the seasonally weakest quarter of the year due to fewer treatment days, higher payroll taxes and the impact of the flu season. Moving to internationals, we generated a $2 million adjusted operating loss in the quarter, which included a currency loss of approximately $1 million, but excluded the $41 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge in our German dialysis business. The small decline in adjusted operating income from last quarter was a result of approximately three fewer treatment days. For the full year, we continue to expect to achieve profitable adjusted operating income internationally before any currency gains or losses from our APAC joint venture. For the quarter, our effective tax rate on adjusted income attributable to DaVita from continuing operations excluding the goodwill impairment charge was 30.1%. We continue to expect our adjusted tax rate attributable to DaVita for the full year to be 28.5% to 29.5%. Our adjusted earnings per share for continuing operations were $0.91. Now on to cash flow. Operating cash flow from continuing operations for the first quarter was $73 million .This cash flow was adversely impacted by the timing of working capital. It was an increase in accounts receivable as DSOs for the US dialysis and lab business increased sequentially by four days to 64 days in Q1, 2019 due to some temporary factors that we expect to normalize over the next couple of quarters. We also saw a reduction of accrued compensation due to timing of 401-k contribution, bonus payments and a reduction in accounts payable. CapEx for continuing operations for the quarter was a $179 million excluding the impact of $12 million of proceeds from sale leased backed transactions. In light of the changes in our growth rate, we continue to scrutinize our capital deployment. Keep in mind that the timeline from inception of a project to signing a lease and eventually providing a dialysis treatment is nearly two years. So much of this impact will be felt in 2020 and beyond. We are reaffirming our adjusted operating income guidance for the year of $1.54 billion to $1.64 billion. And our guidance on cash flow from continuing operations of $1.375 billion to $1.575 billion. As always, our guidance is built to incorporate the impact of expected swing factors, although there are scenarios in which we could end up above or below this range. Now, I'll turn it over to Kent for closing comments.
Kent Thiry: Before we go to Q&A, I just like to share a few of my perspectives on the industry, on the community looking back over the 20 years in the hope that that might be useful, particularly to a number the people who are much newer shareholders to the space. Please allow me eight points. Number one, we never want to forget that we're providing an essential therapy. It's not disputable; it's not debatable; it's not controversial. Who needs dialysis or why the value it provides that is a good thing for people. It's a good thing for shareholders. Number two, the presence of an uncomfortable cost subsidy, perhaps one of the most extreme in American healthcare where the private sector has to subsidize the roughly 90% of our patients that our government pay. This is bad. It's a bad way to organize the healthcare system, but it's been this way now for thirty years and the good news about it is it's the same for every single player in the space. At number three, we've never been without intense productivity pressure. The derivative benefit of that is we are perhaps the most productive healthcare service segment in all of America, in all of the Medicare program. Number four; there's been a continuous stream over the 20 years of existential threats towards the business model. By that I mean existential threats that people said would either dramatically impair or destroy the economic viability of the business model, things like everybody is going to be able to do a wearable kidney things like diabetes incidence is going to plummet with a new drug, or stop advancing. I could list example after example through the course of the last 20 years. Of course, none of those existential threats have ever materialized, which is not to say there haven't been activities in all those realms, but never have they done anything like what some people feared and always we've been able to adjust and ride those new waves successfully and sustain our leadership. Number five of eight, DaVita in particular excellent, clinical performance and a fervent belief in transparency around clinical outcomes. In addition, our entire industry has improved care and the productivity care in ways that most of the rest of chronic health care America would envy. Number six, periodic policy opportunities and threats. We are and we work in very close concert with the federal government and to some extent the states, will always be the case. For sometimes they will do things that temporarily repairs there will also be opportunities where we can improve our value alignment with the government. So just give one example of how significant the math can be. We recently had to endure five years of essentially flat Medicare reimbursement. Cumulatively that made it $386 million per year difference in incremental revenue versus not. The resiliency of the business model to endure that over the prior five years, the recent five years and now entering back into a period of rate normalcy is quite noteworthy. Number seven, the inexorable march towards integrated care. And this is relevant on a couple different levels. First, the degree, the depth and breadth and fervency of policy support from both these and ours for integrated care not only for our patients but for all chronic care patients is really at an all-time high and shows no signs of reversing. So from a policy point of view that march is picking up speed. Let's also not forget, however, that we are in a unique pole position to take care of these very expensive and needy patients, who just happen to have dialysis is a common denominator because what they also have are diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, anxiety and depression et cetera, et cetera. And therefore our pole position, our unique position of relationship combined with all the capabilities that we've invested in, put us in a great spot for what is an emerging tidal wave we hope for America and for its patients. And finally number eight, the ability of this business model to convert operating income into free cash flow and free cash flow into sustainable earnings per share accomplishments. In the context of all that those eight points, we have moved equity value from $150 million 20 years ago to over $9 million today and hopefully significantly more value for you soon, for our patients soon and for our taxpayers soon. And if I were to just step back for a second and stare at the current platform, sweet things are quite striking. The resiliency of us and our community is noteworthy. Second, our relative performance within that world consistently over the last 20 years. And third and finally, our opportunity for increased differentiation moves up with every rise of integrated care. And so we're looking forward to being evermore differentiated in ways that are ever more driven by our historic capabilities, our historic investments in our current market position. With that operator, if we could please turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
KevinFischbeck: Great. Thanks. Just wanted to see I guess, Kent, I think you said that the quarter came in slightly ahead of your expectations but then when Javier was talking about the revenue number, you talked about volumes coming in later. Can you just go into what was it that came in better than your expectations to get the operating income number I guess little bit better. 
JoelAckerman: Sure. Hi, Kevin. It's Joel. I'll take that. Our internal number was a bit lower than the streets, largely driven I think by timing related to seasonality. So that's I think the genesis of that comment. I would say the single biggest thing that drove the number stronger was calcimimetic. And I mentioned in my script about a $20 million tailwind in calcimimetic in Q1 versus Q4. 
KevinFischbeck: And can you kind of remind us what you think the pace of that? You talked about ultimately that becoming a neutral or maybe even slightly negative thing. Is that slowly by yearend or is that a two-year? How to think about that process?
JoelAckerman: Yes. So I think you have to think about the margin in calcimimetic in two buckets. So start with what we had last year which we've called out as mid to high single digit which is kind of where we were as 2018, think of that as the baseline that will go away over time probably measured in years but not many years as the whole dynamic of generic entrance plays through, and that gives the temporary tailwind which is the $20 million that's the second piece. But then ultimately plays through to ASP. So the $20 million that extra tailwind that we saw in Q1, we don't know how that will play out over the rest of the year. There's certainly a possibility that we will be able to continue to buy at generic rates in Q2 before ASP falls, and there'll be a continued tailwind in Q2. We don't know what will happen in the second half of the year. There is a scenario where that completely reverses where generic availability in the market disappears, while ASP is falling and what was a tailwind in Q1 will turn into a headwind in the back of it, half of the year.  So I think to try and sum this up, I think the mid to high single digit number that we called out in 2018, we think that will persist through 2019. How long it lasts after that is a question mark. This added $20 million tailwind could persist for a little bit while longer although it could flatten out, and it could potentially turn into a headwind in the back half of the year, all depending on what happens with generics supply and ultimately what happens with ASP.
KevinFischbeck: Okay, that's helpful. And then I guess, as I said I'm not sure if you said I didn't catch it, but commercial mix in the quarter, any comment on how that trended?
KentThiry: Yes. The mix was slightly higher quarter-over-quarter and now this add since you asked, as we step back and look over what we said at JPMorgan, I wish the range was a little wider because that number sort of pops up and down. But in general, we were slightly up and there's nothing in the mix that would change or impact our guidance.
KevinFischbeck: Can you talk about a little bit about some of the things that you mentioned as far as volume headwinds? Is there anything within the volume headwinds that would have a directional impact on mix? Are the things that are -- some of the things you mentioned as far as transplant facility, I think that might actually be more of a headwind to commercial mix than to Medicare mix for example. I don't know how you think about that but love to hear your comments on those pressures and how they apply to mix.
KentThiry: Sure. Let me take a stab and see if I'm answering your question. First, I just want to say, embarrass, we got it wrong at JPMorgan. And we gave and we missed the numbers so quickly after that. Two is that we have a track record about performing on non acquired growth. And we've had some episodic quarters where our competitors about performance. And three, is that there's a lot going into this number. There's an incident. There's mortality. There are transplants; there are competitors; there's peered dynamic and they're all moving in opposite direction. Sometimes so it's very hard to pinpoint the number, but at the end what we're trying to do is work really hard to make sure that we get the right trade-off between growth rate and capital deployment. And that's really what it's all about,
KevinFischbeck: All right. Then maybe just my last question. Clearly, you're seeing a slowdown in volume because your competitors are ramping up de novo, is there any way to kind of quantify in your view, market share I guess losses maybe that are happening which you have said that real numbers should have been 2.5, 3.5, it was just a market share that pushed you down below that or how do you think about market share?
KentThiry: Yes. It's a good question. I mean if you look at market share and you look at what that 1% difference is over a year. This is only a quarter but over a year it'd be about 2,000 patients. So you got to look at in the base that we have roughly 200,000 and so does FMC. But we don't take it lightly of course compounding is very powerful, but again our track record that will outperform over time. But when you look at it sometimes you would rather have a lower growth. If it's got an impact on your deployment of capital. And so you can't isolate each one of these and micro but you got to look at the sort of overall portfolio. Because we could give you a higher nag number but it might be with lower returns on certain de novo and so we're being quite disciplined and scrutinizing that number.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
JustinLake: Thanks. Good late afternoon I guess. First off, congrats, Kent on 20 years and retirement and Javier no surprise, but congrats on you taking the reign for exciting stuff. The first question I had, Javier, you kind of step in here, I feel like a big part of Kent's role as you take, as you've kind of been running the dialysis business for a while. And Kent's role has been in a very much kind of strategy and capital deployment and the move to international for instance, the DMG. So I'd love to hear your kind of thoughts on how you see the next kind of three to five years from a capital deployment perspective that might have been different than Kent's. And specifically given this deal looks like it's moving towards closed, your thoughts on how to deploy that capital especially given where the stock is?
JavierRodriguez: Well, as Kent articulated, Justin, we worked together in partnership for 20 years. So I've gotten that question asked a fair amount and what I've said it's not like I've been shelving my idea is waiting for the time where I got to home and now I get to execute on them. We've been partners and we think a lot of like is it relate to the discipline on capital. And as I said in my opening remark, there's more that's going to look the same than anything that's going to look different. Things that would likely look different will be more around the evolution of time, technology and the needs of the business and a greater care policy and those things that we will be driving. As it relates to capital, we have and we will continue to have a very strong discipline around capital. And we are going to be sharing our three year plan and capital market in August or September. I don't want to provide any more detail at this point.
JustinLake: Got it. And then you talked about calcimimetic and the $20 million of benefit versus the fourth quarter. Can you give me that the total benefits in the quarter here?
KentThiry: I'm sorry. I'm not sure I understand the question, Justin. Are you saying the total calcimimetic profit in the quarter? So, it's roughly double $20 million. So it's a $20 million headwind combined with the number we had called out in the past which you recall it $80 million. So $38 million would be the total Q1 profit from calcimimetic.
JustinLake:  Got it. And is your view that that calcimimetic potentially will not be a benefit next year, so we should think about that as a headwind year-over-year to numbers?
KentThiry: I think it's hard to call out the timing. We think ultimately most if not all of this will go away; don't know whether it's a 2020 event or 2021.
JustinLake: Got it. Is there anything you could share with us in terms of how, so if you're at a $40 million run rate, it sounded like the answer to Kevin's question was that you thought that could continue in the quarter, in the second quarter and then could moderate in the back half of the year. But what do you have baked in the guidance for the full year in terms of the calcimimetic benefit even if it's a range? It'd be helpful to kind of understand.
KentThiry: Yes, we -- there are a lot of scenarios that play through the ranges is in the forecast. So I don't think I'd be comfortable articulating just a single number that flows through. But I think it is safe to say what we've said in the past, which is some of this variability in the near term around calcimimetic is the single biggest swing factor in the $100 million of OI I range that we gave in our guidance. 
JustinLake: Okay. And if I think I had obviously it's early for 2020 but is there anything that if this does start to moderate? Is there anything that you can think of that could kind of an offsetting benefit in 2020 some kind of tailwind like maybe the your EPO contract could potentially help offset that. Anything that you want to point us to before we think about-- as we think about 2020 headwinds and tailwinds?
KentThiry: Yes. So, I think there's a lot going on in pharma in general and that applies to unit price, it applies to unit volume. It applies across a number of the drugs we use. So I wouldn't point out a specific headwind or tailwind, but I don't think you can look at this as one isolated factor in the P&L and just handle it as its own issue. 
JustinLake: Got it. If I could sneak in one more. I know last year and I apologize for not having run these numbers myself but just kind of thinking it through. Last year, I remember your first quarter had a benefit from a Medicare receivable true-up of some sort and this year obviously as a calcimimetic benefit. If I remember correctly last year did not have much of a benefit from calcimimetic. I think its sort of ramping slowly. Is that correct?
KentThiry: That is correct. I believe, yes.
JustinLake: Got it. So if I net the two right and if I kind of think about growth year-over-year in the first quarter excluding calcimimetic and the Medicare true-up. Can you do that math top of your head and give us an idea of what they year-over-year first quarter looked like?
KentThiry: So, if you went back to Q1 last year, you'd have to take out the Medicare bad debt. You also have to take out the DHS $70 million one-time pick up that we called out back then. If you looked at that number relative to where we came out this quarter, I believe it would be up a bit. But that would not be adjusting for calcimimetic.
JoelAckerman: I think that math would be somewhere at 371 to 382 and we had one less treatment day year-over-year.
JeffreyMeuler: So [Multiple Speakers] 382 and then I would back out $38 million for calcimimetic. Is that what you're saying?
KentThiry: I think that 38 would be high. I don't remember what we had in there. What we what exactly we called out but the 38 would be high. We can take it offline, Justin, and get you a better number. We've just got to look back at what we --what we disclosed.
JavierRodriguez: Yes. I just offer a cautionary note on two levels here. One when we start this around too many variables on a live call. There's a lot of room for potential confusion on exactly how people are defining different numbers and then second, it sort of stating the obvious but worthwhile that in any given year we've got lots of variables that move $15 million - $20 million recurring, non-recurring up down and so it gets pretty tricky to start paying too much attention to one or two of them because there's a lot of them all the time.
Operator: Thank you. Next in queue we have Steve Tanal from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
SteveTanal: Good afternoon, guys. Congrats to Kent, Javier as well. I guess just the first question just in light of the updates on DMG and the commentary around the industry growth and more de novo from competitors. Could you kind of give us your latest thoughts on the potential deployment of DMG proceeds? Or what is your thought processes around that at this point?
KentThiry: Yes. So our thinking on that hasn't changed. The DMG proceeds will go to pay down debt after the deal closes. We're going to do a subsequent financing and we'll use those proceeds to bring us back to our historical leverage range 3x to 3.5x, and use that to buy back stock. So nothing really has changed around our thinking there,
SteveTanal: Perfect, thank you. And a couple more sort of granular ones. I guess I'm just on calcimimetic discussion just to round that out the $11 cost per treatment, would you be able to give us that figure sort of for your last quarters? If you think about the houses of development.
KentThiry: Yes. It was --it was, hold on, bear with me one second. It was about $13.
SteveTanal: Got it, okay. So it really does sort of seem like I guess the generic availability is maybe what changed here. Just thinking broader about patient care costs per treatment. It was considerably lower there. Are there any other drivers that you could talk about in that line that we should think about as potentially a more sustainable?
KentThiry: Are you talking about the calcimimetic question? I'm sorry.
SteveTanal: No. I am sorry. Just inside of patient care costs sort of --like a per treatment basis came in quite a bit better, just trying to understand some of the other moving pieces as well.
KentThiry: Yes. So the other piece is EPO.
SteveTanal: EPO is better.
KentThiry: Yes. 
SteveTanal: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then just one more maybe on the commercial side. Sounds like mixes up a little bit, maybe if you just comment on rate as well just as we think about RPTs in the quarter?
KentThiry: I think there's no headline on the rate side. Basically in line with where we expected it.
SteveTanal: Got it, okay. And sort of a continuation I suppose is like what was laid out at the JPM day. Just I think there's a decline in that network rates and sort of the outlier stuff but an increase on the rest of the book like that's all still pretty much what's playing out.
KentThiry: Yes. Nothing to call out.
SteveTanal: Great, okay, all right, thanks. Actually I guess just one last one. Just on the advocacy side is anything to note there just with AV290 or anything else on your minds. Are you still really comfortable with the $60 million step-down in the guide sort of sounds like it but just want to check in there?
KentThiry: Yes. The short answer is we continue to work with AV290 baby and we are comfortable with our advocacy spend and our progress in our relationships in Sacramento and another state capital.
Operator: Our next question comes from Whit Mayo from UBS. Your line is now open.
WhitMayo: Hey, thanks. Congrats Kent and Javier, both well-deserved. Maybe just wanted to follow up on the competitive dynamics one more time. Just might be helpful to define competition a little bit more. Is this just new competitor that you're seeing or is this de novo activity from existing competition within your markets? And do you have any view on last year's AKI regulatory changes with sniff reimbursement and whether or not you're seeing any activity on that side?
KentThiry: Yes. On the first part, it is not the new entrants. We are not seeing any significant activity there. So it is with the existing competitors. On the AKI, for those people that are not familiar, it stands for acute kidney injury and basically that's before a doctor concludes that your kidneys are end-stage meaning they could come back. And so there was a change in philosophy there because they wanted to get the patients out of the hospital and into the most efficient side of care, which is our centers and so there are more diagnoses now AKI because it's system adjusted to that. I think that volume has gone through the system and I don't think it's relevant for nag factors.
WhitMayo: Okay. And maybe one more on the calcimimetic. Is there any way to maybe frame up what percent in the quarter was generic versus branded since apart just in terms of dosing and did anything really surprise you positively or negatively since your last call on this one topic?
KentThiry: On the mix, the majority of the mix ended up being on the generic side. And as it relates to surprise, I would never call it a surprise. We just knew it was going to be a fluid and dynamic time. And so we're going through a bit of the waves, if you will. In this particular quarter, it was helpful and that we were able to purchase some at a discount and then of course Joel already explained that could be reversed at anytime depend how it plays out, ventures and how the pricing curve drops.
WhitMayo: Got it. In any way to maybe frame-up what the inventory looks like going forward just to get a sense of how much visibility you have into additional generic opportunities?
KentThiry: No. It is very --it's been very hard to tell because of dynamics in the legal system as to what inventory is available on who's going to enter. And then of course that will drive the price to have any entrance and how much inventory. So we are just as interested as you are in those numbers, but they're very hard to find.
WhitMayo: Yes, no, totally got it. Maybe just one last one and just curious Javier as you make the rounds and talk to your medical directors and nephrologist. Are you hearing anything new from clinical protocols therapies just anything aside from since, I am just trying to think from an upstream perspective if there's any change you're seeing within the nephrology practice setting? Thanks. 
JavierRodriguez: No. There's nothing to call out. The physicians are continuing to prescribe as they have in the past. Of course, they're always looking at the journals and the studies to see if there's anything in the science that indicates anything new, but there's nothing that I would call out right now.
Operator: Next in queue we have Gary Taylor from J. P. Morgan. 
GaryTaylor: Hi, guys. Just a few quick ones. I think Joel mentioned in terms of patient expenses that our EPO cost, I was just wondering if that was price or utilization. 
JavierRodriguez: Price.
GaryTaylor: Thank you. And I wanted to ask, I've been on the call for long time, not 20 years, but a long time, haven't heard you talk about competitor de novo activity a lot. I understand you're saying it's existing competitors. But wanted to see if you had any comment on some of the new startups that are focused on CKD market like cricket and cricket is modest that is basically saying not enough resources have been expended. At CKD, we spend all our resources once the person hits ESRD and I think Azar comments were hinted at that or alluded to that a little bit as well. But how do you see that developing as positive, negative, hospital risk, the ESRD volumes, et cetera?
KentThiry: Sure. Thanks for the question. As it relates to competition, the first thing I'll say is competition makes us sharper. And we respect all competitors and so it's with that approach that we go paranoid at it because we want to make sure that our patients get the best. And we believe that we are best prepared to deliver that in a platform with all the types of care. That said, of course, when you are small and you're getting capitalized, you need to generate a story and so the provocative story is one that says that they're going to disrupt and innovate. And we believe that we've been self disrupting and innovating for quite some time when we do a lot of patient education more than anyone else. We send more patients to the proper modality than anyone else. We have amazing transplant education and so we know we have the entire suite, but of course they can't compete with that platform and so what they want to do is create a narrative that we are by definition of being big that we somehow or other not innovative which is of course not the entrepreneurial spirit of DaVita. So again we want to be sharp and we want to take them on and we respect it.
JavierRodriguez: And Gary I would go ahead and add on a little bit here, giving us up a question that that number one, it's easy to say I found a thousand CKD patients, people with kidney disease, but the kidneys haven't failed yet. It is tough to say which ones of those are most likely to have kidney failure and when. And it is impossible to say what would have happened otherwise. So in order for anyone to pay you other anything other than a low unsatisfactory fee-for-service rate means you need to have sufficient data to be able to take a scaled population, know what they would have cost, so you can give someone a share the savings of what they did cost after you intervened. There is no one better positioned than we are to turn those unknowns into knowns and none of the new entrants have that capability currently, which is not to say they're smart and they, and if they get enough money, it's a very, it's a doable thing. It's not an easy thing. It's not a cheap thing. I appreciate the comments. 
GaryTaylor: I appreciate the comments. One more quick one for Joel, if I could. You alluded to the fact that if not a core treatment growth stated this level, you be at risk of missing the treatment growth guidance for the year. Obviously, this quarter despite the weaker volume, you made it up on the OI side. So when you look at the year, you're contemplating the possibility could come at low end on of treatment, but you reiterated OI guidance. So is the messaging just from that. Are there are enough other puts and takes that even at the low end or slightly below and on volume you hit the OI range?
JoelAckerman: That's exactly right, Gary. We've got enough other things that week that were not worried about the OI range even if we come in below on that.
Operator: Our next question from John Ransom of Raymond James. Your line is now open.
JohnRansom: Hi. Just wondering when you think you might get some color from CMMI on the reimbursement changes relative to home reimbursement versus clinic reimbursement.
KentThiry: This is KT here. It's difficult to predict these things and they have a couple of times predicted when they'll have stuffs done and they haven't been able to get it done. Not because they're not smart and hardworking, don't have good ideas. We applaud so much of what they're working on and so much what they're creating, but they have to go through a multi-agency approval process over which they do not have total control. So it's very difficult to know and sometimes they can't even know. If someone gets to it in the next two weeks, it's done in two weeks. If they don't get to in 10 weeks, it's not done for 10 weeks even though the elapsed time of the work might only be a week or two, things get pretty busy there. So unfortunately we can't give you a helpful response.
JohnRansom: So those of us who get paid to speculate with zero information which would you wildly object to the notion of let's say today we have 100 treatments and 88 in the clinic and 12 at the home. I guess they're going to pull some money out of the total pie, but it would it be as perhaps the straightforward is saying, well, maybe we'll pay 5% less at the clinic and we'll pay 20% more for home and those dollars kind of roughly balance out. Or do you think it'll be a lot more dramatic and complicated and hard to figure out?
KentThiry: Yes. I don't think speculating is a good idea because that's literally what the accurate verb would be. And so it'll just have to wait. I'm very, very sorry but we can't predict.
Operator: Next in queue we have Pito Chickering from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Hey, good afternoon. It's Justin Bowers on for Pedo. And congratulations Kent for moving on and Javier for assuming the reign. Just in terms of some of the moving pieces with the receivables, what --can you provide us a little more detail on why the jump there and in terms of timing, how --should we expect that to go back to where you ended it 4Q towards the end of the year, in the middle of the year? A little better sense of [Technical Difficult] it would be helpful.
KentThiry: Sure. So Peter, there wasn't any individual thing. It was a bunch of things. Some of which are operational, some of which are seasonal, but all of which are temporary. We would expect in the next couple of quarters that this will all play through and we'll be back to the range where we were and kind of the back half of 2018 and to give you a flavor. I'll call out one thing we did a system change in one of our smaller businesses. A billing system change and that led to some operational complexity that led to some just temporary spike in the AR but we've worked that through. Now we're just catching up. That was the single biggest thing that was roughly 40% of the four days.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Okay, that's helpful, Joel. And was any of that related to not the 40% but let's say the other 60% related to any of your contracts made on the commercial side? And then in light of kind of the improvement and mix quarter-over-quarter is there any way that we can narrow the range there from the guidance you gave earlier in the year in terms of commercial RPT?
KentThiry: Yes. Justin, first I apologize for getting your name wrong. I don't see any linkage there; I don't think you can connect the two.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Okay. And then in terms of the commercial RPT for where we are, you guys still-- are you sticking to your guns there in terms of the guidance that you provided or?
KentThiry:  Yes. No change on that. 
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Okay. And then just shifting gears a bit looking towards like 2020 and an MA and the opportunity there, any kind of color you can provide on some of the discussions that you're having with the payers, maybe in terms of some of the different programs you'd set up and maybe some of the programs that you can run with them, thinking of the comment you made on the hospital readmissions and overall like what's the rate environment there from MA?
KentThiry: Yes. Justin, as you can imagine there's interest because people are trying to run their models as to what's going to happen to that population. The reality is, it's got a lot of variables and at the end, and it ends up in being a patient choice as to what product they have. And so as it relates to the actual negotiation, we're continuing to have very constructive conversations with the payers as to how we can take risk on the MA business. And we're actually innovating quite a lot in that book of business. So it's a constructive productive conversation.
Operator: Next in queue we have [Indiscernible]. Your line is open.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Hi. Just a quick one for me. Looks like you had $400 million revolver draw sequentially. Just wondering what the use of proceeds was for that?
KentThiry: I think you should tie that to some of the comments we've made about DSOs and the move in AP, so it was just largely around working capital.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Okay. So, then that's expected to come down then in the interim quarters?
KentThiry:  Yes.  End of Q&A
Operator: Thank you. Speakers, we show no further questions in queue at this time. 
Kent Thiry: All right. Thank you all very much for your kind attention. We'll talk to you again soon. 
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-14 09:00:00) =====
Company Representatives: Kent Thiry - Chief Executive Officer Joel Ackerman - Chief Financial Officer Javier Rodriguez  CEO, DaVita Kidney Care Jim Hilger - Chief Accounting Officer LeAnne Zumwalt - Group Vice President Jim Gustafson - Vice President, Investor Relations
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Colene and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to DaVita's Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Gustafson, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you Colene and welcome everyone to our fourth quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations, and with me today in the room are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Joel Ackerman, CFO; Javier Rodriguez, CEO of DaVita Kidney Care; Jim Hilger, our Chief Accounting Officer, and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. Please note that during this call we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our fourth quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  Our forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent Thiry: Thank you, Jim. As you probably already noted, we had solid fourth quarter results that were consistent with prior communications and of course J.R. and Joel will discuss those in greater detail a little bit downstream. But we are first and foremost a caregiving company and so as usual we will start by talking about a clinical highlight today, Antibiotic Stewardship.  As many of you know, dialysis patients are highly prone to infections. We have continued to get better at supporting evidenced based prescribing of antibiotics, which has a couple of benefits, including reducing harm to patients from excessive antibiotic use and also preventing the emergence of antimicrobial resistance. This is something that all caregivers should be doing across American and Global Health Care and we are proud that we are getting better. In fact in 2018, among patients with symptoms of Blood Stream Infections, we actually decreased IV antibiotics starts by 12% while maintaining all clinical quality. This is important not only in terms of what we did this year, but we continue to collect data to improve our ability to do even better in the future.  Now, a quick update on the DMG transaction. We are working closely with Optum to obtain FTC approval, which of course is necessary. The timing of the process was very negatively impacted by the government shutdown as it was for so many other transactions and we cannot speak definitively to the timing for all the reasons we haven't been able to do that up to this point and all the same reasons that other companies involved in other transactions cannot. But everybody's working very diligently to move that ball forward.  In addition, some good news is that in 2019 the DMG Financial performance will improve  is expected to improve significantly. There are a number of very tangible reasons for this. One for example is significantly better Medicare advantage rates than in prior years; number two, the elimination of the health insurer fees, a dollar for dollar significant pick up; number three, the dollar for dollar elimination of considerable consulting expenses incurred in 2018 that will be gone in 2019; and fourth, the number of operating improvements, investments that we made in prior years that are bearing fruit. So the net is that 2019 DMG would be significantly better as is expected to be significantly better than 2018.  Now over to Javier for a summary of our Kidney Care business. 
Javier Rodriguez : Thank you, Kent and good morning everyone. Today Ill cover two topics. First, I'll provide a recap of our financial performance, and second, I will discuss the legislation recently introduced in California.  For the fourth quarter 2018 our results are in line with our guidance. Adjusted operating income was $370 million for the quarter and $1.513 billion for the full year. Our 2018 operating cash flow from continuing operations also came in line with guidance at $1.48 billion.  Related to cash flows, our 2018 CapEx spend came in better than our guidance and we are guiding to a lower spent in 2019. There are several drivers to this declining CapEx spend, two of which are worth calling out as they should decrease the CapEx spend on new centers in the next couple of years.  First, we continue to focus on driving the right modality for our patient. For many of them dialyzing at home may be the best option. Now that we have a more secure supply on PD products, we anticipate more patients will be able to choose home dialysis. In fact, in 2018 we trained and educated over 13,000 new home patients. As you know, home growth has an incremental benefit of being more capital efficient.  Second, as we mentioned earlier this year, some recent data suggests that ESRD industry growth may be slowing, but we dont know whether this is a short term impact of increased transplantation availability or whether there is a long term implication in the immediate term we plan to build fewer centers to keep pace with patient demand.  Next, as many of you know Q4 includes open enrollment decisions for many of our patients. Overall we observe stable results from open enrollment, which is consistent with our expectations. In the individual markets in particular, we saw slightly higher reenrollment than we experienced over the last couple of years. We believe that these results set us up to deliver on 2019 guidance we shared last month, which Joel will cover later.  Now, let me transition to a legislative update in California. A member of the assembly has reintroduced effectively the same legislation at last year's SB 1156, which was vetoed by the Governor because of the potential harm to patients. This new bill, AB 290, seeks to impose rate cuts on dialysis providers for their support of premium assistance charities and impose restrictions on charitable premium assistance for patients with pre-existing conditions and end-stage renal disease. Our coalition of dialysis patients, physicians and caregivers in California will of course fight to defeat this conceived bill.  Finally, let me finish by saying that we continue to build our integrated care capabilities, which are helping us care for patients in a more holistic way. Let me provide a couple of examples; first, we developed a predictive model that incorporates lab data, dialysis, treatment data and claims data to determine which patients are at the highest risk of hospitalization over the following month. Second, we now have a team of nurse practitioners dedicated to addressing a broad range of primary care needs on a more real time basis for our patients.  We believe that these capabilities will improve the quality of life of our patients, while reducing costs to the system, and of course we look forward to providing this coordinated care to many more patients in the future.  So in summary, overall solid quarter and we continue to focus on delivering high quality care for our patients. Now, on to Joel for financial details on our results. 
Joel Ackerman : Thanks Javier. Let me walk you through some components of our U.S. Dialysis and Lab Segment. First, growth; our treatment per day growth in Q4 was 3.1% and normalized non acquired growth was 2.6% as we continue to see a decline in volume growth. We continue to expect non-acquired growth to range between 2.5% and 3.5% in 2019.  Next on revenue; revenue per treatment was down $0.65 from Q3 to Q4. If you exclude the impact of calcimimetics, revenue was up a little more than $1 per treatment sequentially. To give some perspective on this for the full year, commercial RPT for the year was down approximately 1% as we shifted out of network business to in network, which offset commercial rate increases that we've achieved across much of the portfolio.  For the year commercial mix was down approximately 10 basis points from 10.5% in 2017 to 10.4% in 2018. We believe that our decline in mix was consistent with the demographic headwind that we have previously outlined.  Finally on revenue, our strategic initiative revenue was negatively impacted by our previously announced wind down of DaVita Rx. DaVita Rx revenue was down approximately $100 million quarter-over-quarter and Q4 is reflective of the go-forward run rate.  On costs, patient care cost per treatment was up $1.26 quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to an increase in professional fees. Dialysis and Lab Segment G&A was down quarter-over-quarter approximately $4 per treatment, $2 driven by a decrease in advocacy spend and the remainder due to normal quarterly spending fluctuations.  For international, we achieved a slightly positive adjusted operating profit for the quarter, excluding the FX impact of our joint venture in Asia. We expect positive operating income from international operations in 2019, excluding any FX impacts, which are incorporated in our enterprise guidance. For the fourth quarter, our effective tax rate on income attributable to DaVita from continuing operations was 24.3% and for the year it was 29.2%.  The effective tax rate was unusually low for Q4 as a result of the positive quarterly true-ups for our federal, state and international accruals. Its unusual that all of these moved in the same direction in one quarter.  Now on to cash flow. Operating cash flow from continuing operations was $307 million for the quarter and $1.48 billion for the year, in line with our previous guidance. I'll conclude by reiterating our 2019 guidance. We expect operating income to be between $1.54 billion and $1.64 billion. As a reminder, the first quarter had seasonally low operating income as the quarter is shorter with 76.6 treatment days, meaning lower treatment volumes and fewer treatments over which to absorb the fixed costs. Also Q1 has higher seasonal payroll tax.  Our 2019 guidance includes the following expectations; 3% to 4% U.S. total treatment volume growth. 0% to 1% U.S. revenue per treatment growth and 0.5% to 1.5% U.S. cost per treatment growth.  We are initiating 2019 guidance for operating cash flow from continuing operations for the year to be $1.375 billion to $1.575 billion. In 2019 we expect $800 million to $840 million in CapEx from continuing operations.  This range includes CapEx for self-developed real-estate projects that are offset by proceeds from the subsequent sale leaseback transactions. We expect approximately $100 million of proceeds from self-developed projects in 2019 leading to net spend of approximately $720 million at the midpoint.  For comparison purposes, in 2018 our CapEx from continuing operations was $902 million and we received proceeds from sale leaseback transactions of $45 million for a net of $857 million. You can see the historical detail in section six of our supplemental financial data in our earnings release.  Finally, we expect our effective tax rate on income attributable to DaVita from continuing operations to be 28.5% to 29.5%. As always, our guidance captures a majority of probabilistic outcomes, although there are scenarios in which we could end up above or below the estimates provided. Now I'll turn it over to Kent for some closing remarks. 
Kent Thiry : I like to just make a few comments for: Number one, please be reminded that the next few years Medicare year-over-year fee for service rate increases will be better than the almost zero increases over the last few years.  Second, the international business now has a foundation on which we can expect year-over-year or like contributions rather than offsets.  Number three, we continue to generate strong cash flows and they are fact incrementally better than some of the prior years.  And four, we are very well positioned to be a differentiated high value added provider integrated care for these needy and expensive patients.  Operator, lets switch to Q&A please. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Kevin Fischbeck, Bank of America. Your line is now open. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Great, thanks. I guess we want to start of with DMG as a question. I appreciate if you cant say exactly when its going to close, but I didnt see your comment review that you are still confident that its going to close. Just want to make sure that from your perspective everything is still on track and it's just a matter of timing at this point. 
Kent Thiry: Yeah. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, great. And then I wanted to talk a little more about the slowdown in growth that you are seeing and expecting from a treatment perspective. I missed, I think you mentioned something about factors that may or may not be temporary. Can you talk a little bit about what those factors are and if there is anything else that you are thinking about or thinking about what organic growth should look like? 
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, thanks Kevin. This is Javier. We started to see a bit of a slow down on new starts in the back end of the year and that's why when we provided guidance, you saw the number came down to 2.5 to 3.5 of non-acquired growth. Some of the factors that are still in play are what's happening upstream with other comorbid conditions and how that is impacting, how many patients have ESRD, and another dynamic is how many organs are gone into that transplant pool, as the number of organs has picked up due to the opioid crisis with many people being young and having healthy kidneys. So there is a lot inter played, many dynamic upstream and so we are trying to see if they are short term or if they are going to be longer term. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, from your perspective, the new starts that you are doing over the next year, is that going to position you for inline industry growth, market share gains, market share loses, how are you thinking about that?
Javier Rodriguez: Im sorry, are you asking how we are positioned within that growth? Is that the question?
Kevin Fischbeck: Yeah, your guidance of 2.5% to 3.5%, does that mean that you expect to gain share or are you going along with what you think the market overall should be growing. 
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, in the last couple of years, actually not the last couple of years, maybe the last couple of decades we've outperformed a non-acquired growth. We believe that there's nothing in the data that would say that we would not do that and so right now we are just looking more at the market dynamics overall. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, and then maybe a last question for now. On the commercial mix, I think you said that you know mix was down 10 basis points year-over-year in line with kind of what you would expect in all demographic trends to kind of argue for. But I think your guidance assumes that actually mix will be relatively flat. So Im not sure if the demographics point to a decline each year, how you're thinking about being flat you know in 2019? 
Joel Ackerman : So Kevin, its Joel here. The demographics are certainly a headwind, about 10 basis points a year. We see opportunities to offset the headwind through upstream, education of patients, as well as helping them with their insurance once theyve come on dialysis. So we see opportunities to offset the headwind, but we do see the headwind persisting. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, alright great. Thank you. 
Kent Thiry: Thank you, Kevin. 
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from that Justin Lake, Wolfe Research. Your line is now open. 
Justin Lake: Thanks, good morning. First, let me follow up on Kevin's question around the deal close. I understand the government shut down and delayed everything, but the last thing you had talked about was expecting the deal to close in the first quarter.  So with the government shut down about 30 days, you know that would take us out to end of April. Is that still kind of where you would expect or do you feel like the first quarter, even ex the government shutdown, you know things have changed? 
Joel Ackerman : Yeah, so Kevin its Joel here. We are certainly still trying for Q1, that is a real possibility, but the government shutdown has certainly lowered the odds of that happening. 
Justin Lake: Is there anything new besides the shutdown that would change that trajectory?
Kent Thiry: Justin, there is always a lot going on and [Audio Gap] nothing new would suggest that nobody's doing any work, nobody's asking any questions. But Joels answer still applies, were we are hired with a goal that he cited. 
Justin Lake: No problem. And then on the California legislation, just given this is the second time they are coming here and they've got a Governor that you know might be more likely to actually sign this legislation if it gets past. Curious if you can help us, you know put a range around the potential financial impact that we should think about for 2020 if this legislation does pass. 
Kent Thiry: Yeah Justin, as you can imagine the legislation moves and there's different ways to interpret and of course you can never predict how it'll play out, but to try and be constructive and give you a range, I think it would be useful to have somewhere in that $25 million to $40 million as a range. 
Justin Lake: That is helpful. I will jump back in the queue. Thanks guys. 
Kent Thiry: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Tanal, Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. 
Steve Tanal: Thank you guys, good morning. I guess just on the slower normalized, non-acquire treatment growth in the quarter at 2.6, is any of that attributable to pick-up in home dialysis or is that capturing that? 
Kent Thiry: That is captured in there; the home growth is in the 2.6. 
Steve Tanal: Got it, okay. And how are you thinking about home hemo. Its just a comment of sort of growing in the home and making that more available. Is that  thats sort of the new technology in the market. Are you guys planning for growth in that business or how should we think about that? 
Kent Thiry: Weve been leading in home for as long as I can remember and we will continue to do what's appropriate for the patient and the right modality for each patient, so we of course assess technologies. There is a lot of talk of innovation, but if you really look carefully there's a lot of smoke in that innovation. It really is a lot of the same, and people are just trying to talk up their products. But we of course love it when there's something that's good for the patients and we will pursue whatever is best for them. 
Steve Tanal: Okay, got it. Then just on the slower De Novos, can you give us a sense for what you are planning for 19 and how you are thinking about sort of the number of opening of longer term at this point. 
Kent Thiry: Sure. So Ill preface the answer by highlighting the fact that there is a lag between the slowing of growth and the slowing of the De Novos. De Novos that are coming on now are decisions that were made, they are leases that were signed a year or two ago. So with that said, we are looking at a significant slowdown in De Novos in 2019 and we think that will continue going forward. Ill highlight that it's a function of two things. One, its a function of the slowing NAG; it's also a function of the growing home. And you know as more and more patients are dialyzing at home, our need for the traditional in-center dialysis, De Novos, comes down. 
Steve Tanal: Understood, okay, got it. And then just lastly from me, just on the RPT side in calcimimetics, I think you had mentioned it was a $1 sort of headwind sequentially. Is that sort of calcimimetics in total added about $17. I think it was $18 in Q3 if I recall correctly? 
Kent Thiry: Yeah, that's about right.
Steve Tanal: Got it, okay, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, Steve. And our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. 
Pito Chickering: Good morning guys and thanks for taking my question. Two questions, first one of the review per treatment. You talked about bringing more revenues from outer network to in network. We sort of estimated about 3.4% of revenues now, out network for your book of business. Is that in the ballpark or can you talk about that?
Kent Thiry: I think that question has been asked for many years and I think we are not going to change our stance today to give more clarity on that. We try to be as useful as we could in January to provide some of the trends over the long haul and Kent talked about sort of a nine year trajectory of that number coming down, and I think that's as much as we can do right now. 
Pito Chickering: Right, fair enough. And then on the weaker growth in the quarter, can you sort of talk about any impact from wildfires or weather and then because its sort of varied so much in fourth quarter versus what we saw through the rest of the year, is there any way of getting us any sort of monthly numbers, just so we can get a better feel for sort of what was the core growth rate and also the way you guys exited January. 
Kent Thiry: Yeah, so nothing to point out relating to wildfires or any sort of one time stuff like that. In terms of monthly numbers, I don't think we are going to go to that level of granularity. 
Pito Chickering: Okay, fair enough. And then last question from a leverage perspective. As the DMG business hopefully gets sold, I think by the next three years, whats the right leverage ratio we should think about you guys running? 
Kent Thiry: No real change to our thinking around that. 3 to 3.5 times is the range we expect to generally be in, although we have gone above that for a variety of reasons. Obviously we are well above that right now. But I think the 3 to 3.5 times is still the range to think about. 
Pito Chickering: Great. Thank you so much. 
Operator: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Patrick Healy with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Patrick Healy: Hey, good morning, thanks for taking the question. You mentioned in the past that as an industry youd be looking to introduce some proactive legislation in California. Can you just provide some color on what that legislation might look to do? 
Kent Thiry: Yes, thank you Patrick. Of course, we are trying to make sure that we educate the legislators to understand all the dynamics that are going on in an ecosystem that is not something that they normally are discussing. And so in our legislation what we want to make sure is that whatever guardrails are needed so that everybody understands that the right patient that have continuity of care are getting access to charitable premium assistance, and so it's clarity on that is what we are trying to do as opposed to the bill now, which goes beyond that. 
Patrick Healy: Got it, and the other thing is Kent I've heard you speak recently about desire to get more involved with the pre-dialysis CKD population. Any color on what kind of investment you may look to make there? Why you think there is opportunity for DaVita and just something that could better enable you to provide integrated care once patients are you know transitioning on to dialysis and you know better address the cost of the patients outside the clinic. Just any color around that would be helpful? Thanks. 
Kent Thiry: We will be able to add significant, really impressive clinical and economic value if we're allowed to move upstream and help take care of people who have kidney disease, but have not yet experienced kidney failure.  And by intervening with those patients, in different ways well be able to delay the onset of dialysis and in some cases prevent it, and then not only delaying it, but also having people be healthier and have a healthier start to their dialysis. All of these improvements have big clinical and economic implications, but there's a bunch of regulatory work to be done, as well as contracting work to get there, and we are making some nice incremental progress, nothing to bake into any forecast yet, but we're working hard. 
Patrick Healy: Got it, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from John Ransom, Raymond James. Your lien is now open. 
John Ransom: Hi, good morning, I went back and looked at some of the qualitative comments about commercial contracting all of last year and it seems like we ended up in a place in 2019 that was a bit below at least what I was expecting. So was the thought that you would always end up here or did we get some kind of late breaking news that caused the needle to move. 
Kent Thiry: John, obviously I don't know whats in your assumptions, but it came in line with what we were seeing and of course on any given time there's pluses and minuses. But for the year it was in line with what we expected. 
John Ransom: I was just simply talking about the five to six large contracts being redone and you are pleased with the increases and I guess I was thinking zero to one wouldn't be what should be shooting for, but that's what I was referring to. Okay, that's it for me. Thank you. 
Kent Thiry: Thank you. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Gary Taylor of J. P. Morgan. Your line is now open. 
Gary Taylor: Hey, good morning, just a few quick ones. For 2019, is the expected advocacy spend still in the $30 million range? 
Kent Thiry: Gary, that is the additional spend from our regular advocacy spend, yes. 
Gary Taylor: Okay, that compares to the 93 extra last year, right? 
Kent Thiry: Correct. 
Gary Taylor: And then I just want to make sure I understood in response to Justin's question on the California legislation, the equivalent of 1156. So you are saying if every CPA patient in California moved to the Medicare rate, it would be a $25 million to $40 million revenue in OI hits or there is some offset between revenue and OI? 
Kent Thiry: Im glad you are asking it Gary, because basically we didn't provide much detail because there are so many assumptions that go into it around a lot of dynamics and so what we are trying to do is just be useful and give you the top line, which is basically there is a range of $25 million to $40 million, but we are not going into specific dynamics. 
Gary Taylor: And that would be every CPA patient going to Medicare, right? 
Kent Thiry: Like I said, patience and the way the system will work is yet to be seen. So its probably not good to assume anything, rather be constructive and give you the range of all of the dynamics going in there. 
Gary Taylor: Okay, last one is for CapEx can you tell us and I apologize if it is on that last page, but CapEx for new centers in 2018 and what you think that looks like for 2019 and in 2020. Just if you talked about your new center openings, I was trying to get a sense of the impact on annual CapEx there. 
Kent Thiry: Gary, so we can't give you a specific number. There's a range built into that as we watch over the course of the year exactly how many De Novos get built, where they get built, what the cost per De Novo is. But it is safe to assume part of that significant decline from 2018 to 2019 will be the result of fewer De Novos getting built.  But let me jump in and just correct something I said before. There was a question about calcimimetics RPT and I think what I confirmed was a number of $17 just to be clear. $17 was the number for the year, the number in Q4 was about $16 of RPT. 
Gary Taylor: That's it for me. Thank you. 
Kent Thiry: Thank you. 
Joel Ackerman: Thanks Gary.
Operator: And our next question comes from Whit Mayo, UBS. Your line is now open. 
Q - Whit Mayo:  Hey, thanks. On the commercial book, how much of your contract or how much of your book is set to reset in 2019. I guess I'm just trying to get a sense of you know what your expectation is for renewals in 2019 and what the expectation is for revenue for treatment. Thanks. 
A - Kent Thiry: Thanks Whit. We don't disclose how many contracts are up on any given year and so I can't give you that. What we guided to at JPM was that the commercial book would be down 1% to up 0.5%. 
Q - Whit Mayo:  For 2019?
Kent Thiry: Correct.
Q - Whit Mayo:  Okay, looking at the deceleration in treatment growth, I know that we are all you know speculating and guessing on a lot of the contributing factors, whether its better insurance management transplants or whatever. But have you been able to size maybe internally what do you think some of these contributing headwinds are, just to maybe help frame up for us how to get from Point A to Point B? 
A - Joel Ackerman: Yeah Whit, so we spend a lot of time on that. It's challenging because the data bounces around and a lot of the data we are using comes on a really long lag. So how to assess kind of current numbers is more challenging than we like. So I don't think we can be particularly helpful in trying to break down how this  how the deceleration comes about from the different components. 
Q - Whit Mayo:  I think we're all trying to do the same exercise. Looking at G&A in the fourth quarter, if we exclude the $30 million of advocacy costs in California, it would have been around $180 million and I know that there are quarter-to-quarter fluctuations, but it still stands up a little bit lower than I would have expected and I guess I'm just trying to think about the starting point into 2019. Is this the new run rate? You know just any color to put the G&A trend for this year into perspective. 
Kent Thiry: Yeah, it is  it does bounce around as you pointed out. I don't think there's anything major that we would call out for Q4 or in the year-over-year numbers, so roughly flattish would be a reasonable expectation for 2019, and that's on a per treatment basis. 
Q - Whit Mayo:  On a per treatment? Maybe two other quick ones and I don't know if youve disclosed this metric before, but any idea how much of your total treatment mix is Medicare advantage today or you know maybe another way to get a more responsive answer is like I think CMS is five, the industry around 20% of total treatments. Any reason that youd be you know different one way or the other and I guess I'm trying to sort of gain some insight into 2021 and maybe where you think that that mix can go over time? 
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, thank you. We have not disclosed our MA mix and we're not going to disclose our MA mix, but as you try and look out at what happens into the future, it's difficult to predict, because as you can imagine individuals will make their own decisions. But maybe one reasonable assumption could be that it's in line with the overall market, which is around 35%.  But as you know, individual decisions, there's going to be a consideration on co-pays and deductibles and out of pocket and coordination of care. They are going to try and see if physicians are in their network, etcetera. So to try and guess that on a total population is hard, so we of course have done some modeling and right now a reasonable assumption is it'll be in line with the overall market. 
Q - Whit Mayo:  Okay, thank you and just one last one. Joel, you decided to increase professional fees. Any more color there? Thanks. 
Joel Ackerman: Really nothing interesting there. Some legal stuff is probably the biggest component of that, but really its just kind of normal fluctuations up and down. 
Q - Whit Mayo:  And thats in  is your professional fees, is that flowing through G&A?
Kent Thiry: No.
Q - Whit Mayo:  Its in your  its in the cost number, patient care. 
Kent Thiry: Well, its in both. I think my recollection, and I'll get an answer for you in a second is that most of the swing up is in the patient care side. 
Q - Whit Mayo:  Okay. So nothing in the ancillary segment that would be allocated? 
Kent Thiry: No. 
Q - Whit Mayo:  Okay, thanks guys. 
Kent Thiry: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Gate for Gates Capital. Your line is now open. 
Jeff Gate : Yeah, I'm looking at the U.S. dialysis segment margins and if I exclude the so called incremental advocacy costs and if I exclude the calcimimetics  however you pronounce it, revenue, and then if I moved $25 million per quarter out of 2017 numbers. If I added back because of the, were moving the 401 K benefit, I'm showing that underlying comparable U.S. dialysis margin was actually up for the year and I just wanted to confirm that that math was approximately correct. 
Kent Thiry: Yeah, I'd suggest we kind of take this offline. I'd be happy to walk it through with you. I'm not 100% following your math. So why don't you reach out to Jim Gustafson and well follow-up on this.
Jeff Gate : Okay.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from Justin Lake, Wolfe Research. Your line is now open. 
Justin Lake : Thanks for taking another question, I just got a few more here. Commercial price, so just trying to come at this another way, you said 60% of the outlier water rates have normalized over nine years. Maybe you could tell us how much more normalization you are kind of assuming for 2019. Kind of where would we end this year at? 
Kent Thiry: Alright, Justin I just think talking about it year by year, it is just not reflective of reality, which is why we gave you the long term data. We pledged many years ago to work down the outlier part of the book in a constructive way and in some cases that can be easy-peasy. You got a payer thats got some really high rates and some really low rates and so you move everything to the middle on sort of a net neutrality basis.  In other cases it's not so simple, but that's what we said at the historical data is, so that people know that over a period of many years it has not lead to any material disruption, although there have been give good quarters and bad quarters and good years and bad years, and it's quite unpredictable. And so once again we give you the empirical data, so you can see that it is relatively predictable over the long term, but not over the short term.  So guessing and giving you a guess on a single year, we just think could be really a lot more noise than data. We do however are commit to our belief that over the next five, six, seven years, this trend towards fewer outliers will continue and there'll be some bumps that are positive and some bumps that are negative along the way, but it shouldn't be anything fundamental. 
Justin Lake : Right. I guess you know I'm sure you can understand, investors are trying to figure out the potential impact and you know this year there was  you know you have zero kind of built in for commercial rate growth give or take. So you know given you normally get increases in contractors as you said, were just trying to figure out like is this a nor  is this what we should consider a normal year over the next five to six that you talked about or is this a you know a bigger year of these outlier rates moving to normal. 
Kent Thiry: Yeah, I don't think we can say. We put a lot of work into giving the guidance for this year, we're going to put a lot of work into providing the three year outlook at our upcoming capital markets in 2019, but Im just spontaneously trying to figure out where in that the word normal applies to that particular number in the particular year of 2019. I don't think I want to say  we don't want to say either yes or no to what exactly is normal. Hopefully we really helped you understand that.  Clearly there's some offsets in 19 that are offsetting the fact that in a lot of our books we're getting nice rate increases. So that is going on and we've done our best job at calibrating it for you, but I wouldn't want to characterize it as either normal or abnormal. If you look over the next, the last eight, nine years, its not an outlier, it's just a tough year. 
Justin Lake : Okay, and then just switching over to volume, you know obviously you've got a ton of medical directors who are nephrologists and I assume they are seeing upstream, their pre-ESRD patients, and so I'm curious what they are telling you in terms of this slowdown in you know patient growth. Are they saying that you know people are taking longer to you know  if they are able to prevent the kidneys from fully failing, so that's why its slowing or are they seeing an actual slowdown in growth in pre-ESRD. I would have assumed that would be something that you would be able to you know see coming from a pretty long distance. 
Kent Thiry: It's a fair question and as you know there's a wide distribution of sophistication of the way that the practices are ran from very small practices to large practices. With the people that I'm talking to Justin, they have not seen their CKD practice slowdown in any significant way, but one can never put too much stake in that, because the reality is that many of these practitioners are not that sophisticated that their practice is busy and they don't segment, as well as a sort of a Fortune 500 would. But at the end of the day there's nothing that they are picking out. 
A - Joel Ackerman: And Justin, its worth throwing out a few numbers to help explain why JRs answer is the appropriate one. You just take a typical mythology group and say there's three doctors and say they've got 100 dialysis patients each, thats 300, and then there's a 13% mortality rate let's say. So that's 39 patients to replace the ones that passed away. And then you have 3% growth and so you add another nine patients on, and so youre talking about 48 new patients per year spread across three doctors.  When you have a 1% change in the organic population, you are talking about two patients difference over the course of an entire year and settle up whether or not a group has 48 new patients or whatever number spread across 12 months or 50 or 46, that is not something a practice can notice, because year-by-year they are going to have those fluctuations. Its not going to have anything to do with the aggregate CKD incidence or advancement and so that's why JRs answer to the practice wouldn't pick up on this, unless it was way, way, way more than 1%.  For us in aggregate and for you we pay a lot of attention to 1%, because there's some incremental EPS math attached to it, but it's highly, highly incremental and not discernible at the practice level with rare exceptions. 
Justin Lake : Okay. Just a few other numbers questions here. You mention international as getting to profitability. Can you give us any kind of trajectory there, maybe a margin kind of target over the next few years that we think, you know you think would be a reasonable range to think about where this business can operate. 
Kent Thiry: Yeah Justin, we're not going to  we're no longer going to call out specific guidance for international. We will continue to report on it every quarter, but given the magnitude in the context of the whole company, we don't think guiding on it as a specific number is something we're going to do. 
Joel Ackerman: But we will add just to try to be a little responsive without going into misleading details there. We've had three consecutive years of improving the EBITDA margin by 2% per year. So just to give you a sense of the incremental operating improvements and mix improvements, so things are moving in the right direction, we can say that right now. 
Justin Lake : Okay, but no even target margins? 
A - Kent Thiry: I don't think that would be a good idea right now given the different country mix. Its heavily influenced by which countries grow the most and sometimes you might have a lower margin country, but in fact it's got higher return on capital and so it  I don't think  it wouldn't yet be a useful number for you Justin. 
Justin Lake : Okay, and then two more here. The CapEx, you know thats before where your CapEx can go and Joel you said CapEx couldn't you know materially decline over you know some period of your time if your De Novos moderate. Can you give us an idea of what kind of you know  you know if you had to look today and obviously this takes years to kind of play out because of how far you have to plan them ahead, but two or three years from now, given the growth you are seeing in the business, what kind of CapEx moderation do you think can happen here from that net you know seven and change number that you are reporting for this year. 
Joel Ackerman: It's hard to predict Justin. We're just not in a position right now to give kind of multiyear guidance on this. It will depend on a bunch of things, including growth and depending on what happened to the growth, whether this decline is temporary or not, as well as what happens to home penetration and other things. There can be some real impact on that number, but we are not in a position to give longer term guide. 
Justin Lake : No, I apologize, but I thought you said it was material. You know it could be a material decline if the growth continues and you continue moving towards home, which it sounds like you are trying to, so Im just trying to get some order of magnitude. I understand if it were to re-accelerate youd have to spend more money. But just at this growth rate, in both of those factors, where do you  you know what would you call material? 
Kent Thiry: Yeah, we're not in a position to quantify what exactly that would mean right now. 
Justin Lake : Okay, last one on Medicare advantage. I know to which question you  it was helpful to say that you  that you think you can get to an industry average over time in Medicare advantage penetration. But obviously the starting point is pretty important and I just recollect you guys having said 10% to 15%. That was kind of the range of where you were today. Am I wrong in picking that number up? 
A - Kent Thiry: We're looking around the table Justin and no one remembers ever having shared that number, which is not to say it didn't happen, but there's just a bunch of blank stares across the table. 
Justin Lake : Okay well, then I'll come out with a different way. You know obviously weve talked about this being a potential meaningful positive. To get in getting the 35%, 40% where the industry is going to be a few years from now, it obviously could be significant, but not understanding where the starting point is. There's no way to say whether thats even going to be a benefit or not, unless we understand the starting point. Is there any way you can give us you know even a round number, 10%, 20%, 30% of where you are today? 
A - Kent Thiry: Yeah, hey Justin, I want to predict this, because we weren't prepared to do that for today but you are making a fair point. So this is obviously a multiyear issue and we do expect our MA to grow in a non-trivial way and it's going to be great for patients and we think great for the system, because it will also bring down total cost. But none of that is responsive to the specific starting point question. So if you just let us not make a spontaneous decision here, instead think about it and then maybe next quarter we'll provide that number. 
Justin Lake : I appreciate it. Thanks for all the questions.
A - Kent Thiry: Yeah, thanks Justin. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Ransom from Raymond James. Your line is now open.
John Ransom : Hi, let me just go back one more time on something. So you mentioned wanting to get more involved in pre-CSRD and it would involve some contracting. Is it you know the commercial payer has only been on the hook for 18 months and then Medicare being kind of slow. Are we talking probably the Medicare advantage payers would be most receptive to do some different type of contracting that would actually incentivize you to keep people from crashing into dialysis or nothing about that long? 
Kent Thiry: No, you are thinking about it correctly. You were already doing that work with some payers and both they and we believe were having quite an impact clinically and economically and so we would expect that to increase over time. However, right now there's not math associated with it that's exciting enough for you to bake it into any near term forecast. Hopefully the future rolls on and we get better and better at it and have more data to prove how good we are at it, it'll be more relevant to your model. 
John Ransom : And is this part of the tuition from DMG or does this accelerate your learning curve in some of these risk based types of contracts. 
Kent Thiry: Yes, there was some very good learning in both directions where DaVita Kidney Care was able to help DaVita medical group do better on kidney care patients, both dialysis and pre-dialysis and similarly DMG was able to help DaVita kidney care do better at managing down the total cost, and managing the economics of our dialysis patients. So it was a good, mutual, and it continues to be a good, mutual learning highway. 
John Ransom : The other question I had is our D.C. BC folks think that CMMI might do some different payment structures for home dialysis. So two questions; one, are you hearing any of that, number one; and then number two. Let's just waive a wand for example and say three years from now you've got a set of 12% of your patients, let's say it's 25%. How do you think about that at a high level from a return on capital or contribution margin total economic today across. Thanks. 
A - Kent Thiry: Yeah, I'll take a stab at it. Number one, CMMI is looking at a bunch of kidney care stuff, including eliminating some of the obstacles to home and PD growth and we are supporters of that and we're on regular constructive conversations with them about the best way to do it. We've had a series of meetings. We've also talked with other people and so we applaud a bunch of the stuff that they are looking at, and hope that they go ahead and put it in. I think there's a good chance that they will.  And then second, if you waive that wand, that is a good world in a couple of different ways. One, it just significantly reduces the capital intensity of our business. Number two, there are some patients in America who would be happier or healthier on home that are not on it today, because of local practice patterns, nephrology group preferences, etcetera, and we've been growing homes steadily.  Javier referred to the fact that we've been the leader for a long time in this and intend to remain the leader, but that doesn't mean that every single patient that should be on home or might be happier at home, is on it now. And so implication number one is that a step outside of capital intensity excuse me would be happier and in some cases healthier patients.  Having said all of that, that right now when people walk around saying that home is almost uniformly a better form of care for dialysis patients, its factually incorrect and so for a lot of patients it leads to a better life. For a subset of patients it leads to better clinical outcomes, but not for everyone and what you tend to have is that the type of people who take the initiative and have the desire to dialyze at home are a fundamentally different type of patient on average than those who stay in the center.  So it's very, very difficult to do an apples-to-apples clinical comparison, because of the type of population you have that is willing to take on the burden and responsibility and risk of dialyzing at home. 
John Ransom : So thanks for that and last one for me. Just at a very high level for home, how much of the relatively minor mix in your opinion is qualitative factors around physician practice patterns versus quantitative and clinical factors? 
A - Kent Thiry: Could you say the question again please? 
John Ransom : Probably not, but I'll try. So what we have been told is that some of the shortfall and the growth has been kind of tiny, 20, 30 bips a year. What we've been told is that some of that is just physicians, not being trained physicians, not being in the rhythm of thinking about home and just the default answer is the clinic. You know whereas others, you know some patients don't belong at home as you mentioned.  So if you had to guess  if we normalize physician practice patterns across the country and everybody was thinking about it like this is the first option, look to the patient, how much we can, where can the mix go to just with the qualitative physician decision making versus some of the other factors you know around the famous structures and you know clinical offsets. 
Javier Rodriguez: John, this is Javier. I think when we look around and we see the most, let's call it home champions, the most dedicated physicians that have a good education program and are really trying to champion the right modality for the right patient, you get into a low you know 20 or so mix. Maybe you get it up to 25 if they are really, really good, but that's on the high end and as you look around the world, thats probably also a good number to use. 
John Ransom : Thanks, thats great. Thats all from me. 
Kent Thiry: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America. Your line is now open. 
Kevin Fischbeck : Hey, just a few more from me. I guess I might have missed it, but did you say that the guidance for 2019 includes additional advocacy costs or is that included in the normal run rate spend? 
Kent Thiry: No, it includes this $30 million which is consistent with what weve said before and think of it as you know $60-ish million less than the $90 million something that we had in 2018. The point I think Javier was trying to make is that weve always had advocacy costs built into our cost structure. It went up significantly in 2018 as a result of the California stop. So this $30 million is kind of the remnant of that California piece that will roll through. There is other stuff thats always been in there and that that hasnt changed. 
Kevin Fischbeck : Okay, great, and then some on home health commentary, obviously home health that you guys have talked about from time to time and have been supportive off it. But this is just  I dont know, this feels a little bit more of a discussion that Im used to hearing from you guys.  Is there anything, so obviously lower cap on density is good; its good for some subset of the patients. So thats good, probably better for commercial patients, so thats good, but is there anything that you have to worry about as you move the home hemo, because one of the things that structurally I would think that you and Fresenius have.  There is some varied entry and that you guys already have you know bricks and mortar across the country to the extent that we create and push towards a less capital intensive model probably speaking. Does that create the potential for disruption or more competition that you were  so (a) am I off base on that concern and (b) is there any downside that you can think of as now that is towards home hemo getting bigger. 
Kent Thiry: Yeah, so one of the most important things to remember is that our patients are big consumers of the entire healthcare system and by definition when your kidneys fail, you are fragile and youre quite sick. And so one of the things thats not discussed when discussing home is that the peritoneal cavity (a) there is an high infection and two that sometimes it doesnt last and sometimes its probably not the right world.  Most times it actually gives within two years or so and so if you were to look at a patient of ours, they are (a) hospitalized; home patients that are hospitalized and of course DaVita and Fresenius serve in the acute setting and then number (2) is approximately 85% of patients that treat at home will have to use an in-center at some point in their care. And so having the entire suite meaning the hospital, the clinic, and the home service is a very important part of the value proposition for a patient, because they want the continuity of care, they want their doctor to go from the hospital to the center to the clinic and then of course home.  So is that responsive to your answer. 
Kevin Fischbeck : Yeah, no, thats good, thats  the bricks and motors always going to have an important role even if home hemo becomes a bit bigger than what it is now.  And then, the other question I wanted to understand a bit more about the sale leaseback dynamic. Are you signaling that you plan on owning you rights as a percentage going forward through these sale lease backs or is this more just a method of financing that disruption and that you wouldnt expect to be leasing a higher percentage of your facilities going forward. 
Kent Thiry: So Kevin, there is no real change in the amount of real-estate we are planning on owning, which is extremely low. What the dynamic here is that we have found rather than having someone else build the center for us and us leasing it, it is more cost effective for us both in terms of the capital and the ultimate lease expense for us to build the center and then sell the already constructed center.  So the impact on our cash flow is that we are  we have an increase in CapEx as a result of this which flows through the normal CapEx line. There is a net benefit which doesnt flow through the CapEx line, but is effectively, economically an offset to our CapEx when we sell this, when we sell the center.  So no real change in how the ultimate ownership of the center, but it does create a little noise on our cash flow that we wanted to really clarify and thats why weve added over the last few quarters how this plays out in table six, what the net kind of bring back against the CapEx is. We understand its a little bit confusing, but we thought it was important to lay it out to make sure everyone has the clearest view of what the real CapEx and cash flow of the businesses is. 
Kevin Fischbeck : Alright, great. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Whit Mayo, UBS. Your line is now open. 
Whit Mayo: Thanks. I just had a couple quick ones on those numbers kind of moving around versus my notes. So just want to make sure Ive got the correct headwinds and tailwinds written down. On the tailwind side for this year, Ive got DaVita Rx losses reversing to be a $25 million tailwind. I think Joel you cited now a net $60 million tailwind in California on advocacy and then maybe a $35 million pickup on Medicare rates. Are those the big buckets? Are those the right numbers, are we missing anything?
Joel Ackerman: I think the sizes are about right, the Medicare is actually a headwind. Im getting puzzled here what was youre
Whit Mayo: I guess I was thinking more just on the rate update. 
Kent Thiry: Oh on the rate update, yes. I thought you were talking about the Medicare bad debt issue which is going to bring positive revenue.
Whit Mayo: Yeah okay, is that in the ballpark, you know $35 million just incremental tailwind from the rate update. 
Kent Thiry: Thats about right. 
Whit Mayo: Okay and then on the headwinds as you mentioned that youve got a $36 million headwind from the Medicare bad debt recoveries and may be a $17 million reversal from DaVita Healthy Solutions. Any other major headwinds and are those the right numbers? 
Joel Ackerman: Those are about right. DHS I wouldnt call it a reversal in an accounting standpoint. It was a -.its the lack of, yes.
Whit Mayo: Okay. And so that implies
Kent Thiry: The one other thing I would point to was the retirement cost that we had in Q3. The number was roughly $25 million, $23 million precisely.
Whit Mayo: Got it. Okay.
Kent Thiry: Add that to the tailwind category.
Whit Mayo: Yes. Got it, okay. And then one last one, just the calcimimetics landscape is like fairly fluid right now, some drugs coming on/off at the market. Just whats the expectation for 2019 and Ill get off, thanks?
Kent Thiry: Yes. So I think youre exactly right. It is a very fluid situation. It is one of the largest components of the swing in our $100 million of OI guidance given the different ways it could play out. But roughly speaking kind of if you think about the middle of the range its not a big change year-over-year, but again a lot of variability in terms of how it plays out.
Whit Mayo: So, what would be the scenarios that would play out that would get you toward the low end versus the high end? Is there any way to share what would have to happen with calcimimetics to be within that range?
Javier Rodriguez: The couple of dynamics that you have to consider are one, prescription patterns. In there you have the oral come down or go up or do physicians prefer IV or oral, so there is a mix in there. In addition then you have to consider whether more generics come in t0 market.  So if its one player versus five players and what happens to pricing and so then of course you have a calculation on ASP that has got a lag, and has got a six-month lag in that. So those are the dynamics in play.
Whit Mayo: Okay. I lied, one last one just on ASP. Can you comment how ASP has trended the last six to 12 months, and what that implies for the next six months, and I promise Im off now.
Joel Ackerman: ASP has trended down. And then as it relates to prediction, you cant have one because of all the things I just went through.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Gary Taylor, J. P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Gary Taylor: See what happens when you move your call to the morning. Nobody knows how to get off the phone. Everybody is double dipping.  I just had a quick one. I just want to go back to, while I had you, kind of this question about slower growth in the industry, and looking at the U.S. RDF data maybe theres a good reason why its not good or comprehensive. But if you look at prevalent population growth before 2000 it was in the fives, from 2010 it was in the fours, since 2010 its been in the threes. You know its a couple of years lag, but it looks like it is poised to drop into the twos.  So when you look at kind of that bigger picture, the industry maturing, youre saying youre seeing something that looks more step function-ish than sort of that that long decline weve seen over the last 30 years?
Kent Thiry: No. I would say the opposite probably is that the data is quite clear that nothing dramatic happens quickly, and yet the trend is the trend and were not predicting any significant change in either direction of the trend. But recognize that there is an awful lot of dynamism underneath that number.  On the one hand treatment for diabetes and hypertension, some of the primary causes of kidney failure are getting better. So you could argue that that would lead to a reduction in dialysis patients. On the other hand the African-American and Hispanic populations are growing significantly in America, and they are far more likely to have kidney disease and kidney failure. So that pushes exactly the opposite direction and I could cite two or three or four other variables. So under the surface of that long-term trend, which we think may very well continue without any significant discontinuity up or down, but underneath that are a lot of basic fundamental forces in American healthcare and American demographics and so its very difficult to get too confident, because if any of those underlying trends change, that would in fact create some sort of discontinuity in the trend. It just hasnt for the past 25 years.
Gary Taylor: Got you. I just thought the opioids transplant commentary was perhaps suggesting you thought you were seeing something more onerous or steeper. So I appreciate the clarification. Thanks.
Kent Thiry: Lets stay on that for one second, because that is a perfect example of a new discontinuity, but we would also predict probably relatively temporary one and that we would say that five years from now the incidence of opioid abuse and people getting to the point where their kidneys fail because of the lack of treatment is going to be reduced dramatically, because already the leading indicators for that things like prescription patterns, prescription limitations, prescription oversight, clinic availability to help these people, all of that is fundamentally changing throughout America and is quite well-funded in many cases. So thats a classic example of a new thing that has had a negative impact in some ways on us in the short term, but will probably on a relative basis become an incrementally positive one over the next five, six, seven, eight years. But its once again very difficult to quantify and calibrate, because it has do with fundamental demographic issues and fundamental healthcare system issues.
Gary Taylor: Understood! Thank you.
Kent Thiry: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pito Chickering, Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Pito Chickering: Hey, thanks, and thanks for taking all these, you know extra questions here. I want to take another crack at the organic treatment growth that you guys are  I mean where you guys have guided to versus what you did in the fourth quarter. Are they 2.6% in the fourth quarter guidance of 2.5% to 3.5 % for 2019?  So the new point of guidance is implying an upside versus what is it youre supporting and in fact they are calling the fourth quarter as the bottom of what the ranges can be. Can you give any additional color in terms of so why this has improved to the midpoint of your guidance for 19?
Joel Ackerman: Ill take a crack at that, although I dont think I got much to add. The number does bounce around a bit, and we tend to look at things, you know some things purely on a quarterly basis; other with a little bit of blending over time. So Id say were blending the Q4 data point with some prior data and our go-forward model, so we come up with something thats in the 2.5% to 3.5% range.
Pito Chickering: Alright, it is worth a try. Thanks so much.
Operator: And speakers, we show no further questions at this time.
Kent Thiry: Alright, thank you all very much for your interest in DaVita. We look forward to talking to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. And that concludes todays conference. Thank you all for joining. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-07 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - DaVita, Inc. Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc. Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc. Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc. LeAnne M. Zumwalt - DaVita, Inc.
Analysts: Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.
Operator: Good evening. My name is Iris and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to DaVita's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. Thank you. Mr. Gustafson, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Iris, and welcome everyone to our third quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. And with me in the room today are: Joel Ackerman, our CFO; Javier Rodriguez, CEO of DaVita Kidney Care; and Jim Hilger, our Chief Accounting Officer. And also joining us via teleconference are Kent Thiry, our CEO; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. Please note that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in our third quarter release of earlier today and our SEC filings. Please refer to our third quarter earnings release of earlier today or in SEC filings including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, Jim, and thanks to all of you for your interest in DaVita. I've got four headlines before we let JR and Joel take over. Headline number one of course is the Prop 8 victory, but I'm going to let Javier talk about that primarily, certainly excellent news for all of our stakeholders. Number two, regarding the sale of DMG, we continue to work together with Optum to close the transaction in 2018. However, as most of you will recall, we did execute an amendment earlier this year to extend the termination date in case we do not meet that timeline in light of the ongoing regulatory approval process. Number three of four, the quarter did have some unusual expenses, which Joel and JR will go through in some depth. So they do not get in the way of your ability to evaluate the ongoing strength of the business. And finally, fourth headline is, as you net it all out, it's a solid operating quarter in what has been so far a solid operating year. And then, finally before we go into all the different detail and synthesis, we are first and foremost a clinical caregiving company. That is what comes first and so consistent with our tradition, we'll always talk about a clinical accomplishment at the top of the call. We're going to broaden that slightly going forward to include either a clinical accomplishment or an improved patient experience. And what I'm going to talk about right now is more in the latter category because so far this year-to-date, we've added on a net basis 1,300 more PD patients, peritoneal dialysis that is, people that can take care of the dialysis without coming into our centers. Now this does not always lead to improved clinical outcomes, in many cases those clinical outcomes will stay the same, but for many of these patients, it's a tremendous improvement in their quality of life, because of the scheduling and physical mobility that they pick up and so that's our patient experience story of the day. Javier, please take it over.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Kent, and good afternoon. Let me jump right in. I will discuss four topics today, Prop 8, calcimimetics, team and an update on guidance for 2018. First on Prop 8. Let me start with the obvious. We are pleased that Prop 8 was defeated. This was the right outcome for our patients, California and the entire system. We thank not only the California voters but also the entire coalition of over 160 members that worked hard to defeat this union-backed ballot initiative. The broad coalition included the California Medical Association, the California Hospital Association, the American Nurses Association of California, the American College of Emergency Room Physicians and California Chamber of Commerce to mention a few. In pursuing Proposition 8, we believe that the SEIU-UHW abuse of ballot initiative process and displays disregard for patients by putting the union's organizing objectives above access to life-sustaining care. Unfortunately, we do not anticipate them stopping their efforts. We expect this to cause us to spend considerable resource opposing these types of initiatives over the next years. While it's difficult to forecast we're assuming an increase in our baseline spend of $30 million per year on general advocacies plus whatever incremental spend is necessary to counter the specific initiative. Now on to calcimimetics. In the third quarter, both revenue per treatment and cost per treatment declined slightly, so is essentially neutral to operating income. We continue to expect the net impact of calcimimetics to be a mid-single-digit margin before our indirect cost to administer the drug. This excludes any short-lived benefit that may come should generics enter the market. Third, I want to pause and take an opportunity to recognize the professionalism and the dedication of our team, whether it's the California campaigns or the recent hurricanes, our caregivers have stayed committed to delivering life-sustaining therapy. We're proud of and inspired by them. Lastly, let me provide guidance for 2018. For our annual adjusted operating income guidance, we're narrowing the range to $1.5 billion to $1.25 billion. This guidance is at the low end of the range we specified last quarter. There are two reasons for this. First is, we spent $20 million more for advocacy, but we feel great about the results. Second is $23 million for a change in our executive, retirement policy which Joel will discuss. We also would like to  the context of the guidance we provided at the beginning of the year, that guidance was $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion excluding advocacy, because that was such an unprecedented variable and quite distinct from ongoing operation. So if you want to put the updated guidance into context, you would add $95 million to the updated range yielding a $1.595 billion to $1.62 billion. In other words, we will be at the high end or above the original guidance we provided last year. So no matter how you cut it, it was operationally solid quarter and a solid year-to-date. Now, I'll hand it over to Joel for financial details on our results.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Thanks, Javier. Adjusted operating income from continuing operations for the third quarter was $314 million. Let me walk you through the components; first growth, our treatment per day growth of 4% and normalized non-acquired growth of 3.3% continued to be at the low end of our long-term guidance range. On revenue RPT was down $3.75 compared to Q2. Approximately half of the decline is due to the non-recurring Medicare bad debt recoveries from prior periods in the second quarter of 2018. Approximately, 20% was due to a decrease in calcimimetics revenue, which as a reminder had a similar decrease in cost. The remainder is due to other normal puts and takes with revenue. G&A cost increased significantly in the quarter due to two items. First, $45 million in advocacy spend, a $32 million quarter-over-quarter increase. This is in the dialysis and lab segment Q&A (8:45). Second, approximately $23 million non-cash charge for modifying and accelerating existing equity awards due to the adoption of a retirement policy on the treatment of equity awards held by executive officers. This is in the corporate G&A segment. For international, our adjusted operating loss in the quarter was $4 million. We continue to expect to achieve break-even adjusted operating income in Q4 2018, excluding any foreign exchange gains or losses. Now our cash flow, which has remained strong and enduring. Operating cash flow from continuing operations was $362 million for the quarter and nearly $1.2 billion year-to-date. We continue to expect operating cash flow from continuing operations for the year to be $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. We also expect CapEx for continuing operations for the year to be consistent with the approximately $925 million we mentioned previously. On to share repurchases. Through September 30, 2018, year-to-date we repurchased approximately 16.8 million shares for approximately $1.15 billion, representing more than 9% of our shares outstanding at the beginning of the year. This includes approximately $71 million of stock repurchase since our last earnings call. We made no repurchases after the end of the quarter. For the third quarter, our effective tax rate on income attributable to DaVita from continuing operations was 41.4%. For the full year, we now expect our effective tax rate on income attributable to DaVita from continuing operations to be between 30.5% and 31.5%. This is as a result of the increased advocacy spend and the adoption of the executive retirement policy. Now I'll turn it over to Kent for closing remarks.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Okay. I'd just like to make a few statements before we move to Q&A. Number one, as we try to avoid redundancy in these calls, but at this stage, I can't resist being a little bit redundant to JR. With respect to the SEIU-UHW, it is one thing to try to organize a union and there's very well-developed and heavily supervised processes for that. It's quite another to demonstrate a stunning disregard for patient care by trying to put an entire industry unsustainably under water. It's really strikingly irresponsible for the patients and also ironically for the teammates that they purport to care about. So we will do our best to represent our teammates and patients well going forward as we did this year. Number two, we continue to be very well-positioned for the general movement towards integrated kidney care and in particular for implementing the PATIENTS Act if we're able to get it through the legislature. You might well ask, with the Democrats taking over the House, how does that affect us? The good news here is that for 15 years DaVita has never strayed too far from the middle, one always spends somewhat more time with the majority party. But we have never skewed that very far because we know these things change over time and in the Senate even despite whoever is in the majority, you really need both sides to get something like this done. And so we've all the way along invested in both the Republican and the Democratic sides of the House and have a strong position there. And in fact Democratic constituencies represent a highly disproportionate percentage of the patients who would massively benefit from the PATIENTS Act. And so in some ways it's an even better philosophical and constituent fit. The third of the four comments I'd like to make before Q&A is just to once again point to the resiliency of our cash flow and our respect and caring for that, we take it quite seriously. Fourth and finally, we will continue to work very hard to get the DMG deal closed and put those proceeds to work for you. Operator, could we please move to questions?
Jim Gustafson - DaVita, Inc.: Iris?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Jim, do you have a way of getting that...?
Operator: I'm sorry. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our first question coming from Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. Let's start off with the third quarter and kind of the results, obviously, a lot of moving parts here. So if I wanted to simplify it a little bit, the guidance is down about $37 million at the midpoint, you had what sounds like two costs that weren't contemplated that total $43 million, so ex those costs, it sounds like you took the guidance up at the midpoint. Is that the right math to think about, number one, and if that's the case, is it fair to say that the underlying run rate of the core business is running ahead of the previous plan for third quarter and in the fourth quarter?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: So Justin, Joel here. Your math is right in terms of where we're running pretty much consistent with what we had expected, bounces around a little bit but no real changes there.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then as we think about the underlying run rate of OI coming out of 2018, again with all these moving parts, how should we think about the right jump off point for 2018 OI going into 2019, once we remove kind of the charges that aren't going to continue into next year?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. So, I guess, I would start with kind of the 2018 guidance we've given you and then you'd really want to normalize for a bunch of things. So there is advocacy, which we've talked about, this retirement policy change, there's the Medicare bad debt which showed up in the first half of the year; and then two other things I'd call out; one is DaVita Rx which we've called out as a headwind in the back half of the year of $20 million to $35 million and the third was a one-time good guide from DHS of $17 million at the beginning of the year which we also called out.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. So if I do that math, I still think I'm coming out to about $1.6 billion in run rate OI. Do you agree with that?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: The short answer is yes.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. So as we think ...
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: We're limited on what we can kind of say from an FD standpoint  not from an FD, from an accounting standpoint about adjusted OI. But yes, I agree with your math.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then, given I brought up OI for 2019, maybe is there anything you could tell us about how we should think about that $1.6 billion going forward into next year, how we should think about growth relative to maybe the normal growth rate you talk about in the business?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: We're not in a position to give guidance on 2019 right now. We're not going to go there.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Maybe puts and takes, headwinds, tailwinds you want us to think about versus that $1.6 billion.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Not really.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. I'll jump back in the queue. Thank you.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Thanks.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: And Justin, while I've got you on the guidance question, I was given a piece of paper that said that I did not say the right guidance range, you probably picked up on it. The guidance range should be $1.5 billion to $1.525 billion. So my apologies for that.
Operator: We have our next question coming from Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks. I wanted to follow up on that guidance, that's probably the right way to think about it looking at the midpoint of the two, but it does look like a bigger decline on the top end of that range of $75 million, I don't know if you can kind of say that $45 million of its advocacy and the stock comp, I understand most of that decline, but if the core business is kind of coming inline if not slightly better, then why is the top line coming down even more than kind of those two one-time charges?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Joel, why don't you continue.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Kevin, I'm not sure I understood the question. Could you say that again?
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, so you took the guidance from $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion down  the high end of the range from $1.6 billion down to $1.525 billion, so you took it down by about $75 million. And there's two discrete items you called out, advocacy was $20 million more than you had last quarter and then your stock comp was $23 million more, that's $43 million right there. But in answer to Justin's question earlier, you kind of said the core business was coming inline if not slightly better than you thought, so why is the high end coming down even more than the range, than that $43 million?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, so look we guide to a range for a reason there. There are fluctuations as you would expect and as we look at those, we're comfortable with coming in at this $1.5 billion to $1.525 billion, I don't think there is anything specific that I would point out.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then with the treatment numbers, it has been really bouncing around the bottom end of that long term 3.5 million to 4.5 million (19:30) range, that you guys talk about, is there anything you know driving that, are you seeing any issues around demand or is this just an issue around opening new de novo sites?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: The short answer is ...
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: JR, do you want to...?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Kent. There is obviously a lot of noise in the volume. We are seeing it in the lower end of the range or below the range. And so there's nothing that we can tell from what we have the data had several years of lag. And there's several dynamics going on with upstream diseases like hypertension, diabetes, what's going on with mortality and transplants. So, unfortunately, I don't have anything that could be useful on that. We're seeing the same things that you are.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: But you're not  you're not expecting to  you still think 3.5 million to 4.5 million (20:28) is the right range, there is no reason to think that it's now 3 million to 4 million (20:31).
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: We're looking at all the variables and we'll get back to you if we need to change that guidance.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then last question just on the DMG sale, I was a little  I wasn't sure exactly what was  what am I to infer from the impairment charge on that business? Is there something along the lines of  sounds like there is no change to the deal itself, do you still expect the same proceeds, I wasn't quite sure if there was something that we should be reading into, I guess, A, the commentary the deal might drop into 2019 and then B, just that you had to do valuation of that business?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. So the valuation adjustment is the result of our need to evaluate fair value every quarter. And based on our update of the various inputs including the transaction itself, risks, timing, the performance of the business et cetera, we booked this valuation reserve. As far as timing is concerned, look this is a complicated regulatory process but we continue to work hard with Optum to close the transaction in 2018.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: But nothing's changed about what you think the net proceeds will be?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: In terms of changes to the deal, the only changes that have been made have been the termination date.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right. Great. Thanks.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Okay, operator...
Operator: Sorry. Our next question comes from Steve Tanal from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for the question. So I just wanted to dig into RPTs for a minute, a couple of specific questions. It didn't sound like you sized calcimimetics on RPTs this quarter, but that it did step down from 2Q where I think it was about $19. Can you share the number for 3Q?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: JR, you want to grab that?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: The decline for the quarter is $0.81. That's the RPT impact from calcimimetics.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Sequentially, so about $0.18 in the quarter.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Roughly, yeah.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just commercial mix and rate, any update there. Did that have any impact on RPTs or is there anything changing inside of that bucket?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Go ahead, JR.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. On RPT, a couple of things. Let me start off by saying we're not seeing anything unusual in our negotiations. Number two, we have seen a slight decline in commercial mix and a small shift toward lower paying plans, and so  but one would ask the question what can one take into the future, what are the trends, and unfortunately on that one, there is no clear trend, so there's nothing that you can take forward at this juncture.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And any color on kind of the shift in the lower paying plans, is that exchanges or I don't know, how best to think about that as  any additional context there?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: We don't have any insight into it but yes they're shifting towards exchanges and lower paying plans.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. And just lastly kind of related to this line, but maybe a little bit bigger picture, we've been expecting about $7 million of loss revenue kind of recapture from the 3Q 2017 hurricanes and obviously had some exposure. It looks like you probably had some exposure to Florence and maybe a little bit to Michael as well. So any context on whether that $7 million materialized or what the impact of the hurricanes this year may have been on either volumes or expenses or both and how that's affecting the guidance?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. The impact on OI is not significant, I think the net impact on NAG is maybe 10 basis points which is an uptick from Q3 2017, offset by some hurricane impact in this quarter, but nothing significant.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Understood. And maybe just the last one before I jump back, Prop. 8 kind of at this point, it's behind you. Sounds like you're looking at $95 million of advocacy costs for the year and color today suggests there's about $25 million in 2Q, $45 million obviously in 3Q is stated, so is it safe to assume you know you're looking at something around $25 million in Q4?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, it's in the right range.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Perfect. Thank you.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: We have our next question coming from Gary Taylor from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi Good morning. Good morning. Gosh. Good evening actually. Just a few quick ones. Just on the charge related to DMG and part of it was tax related, the $118 million. Will that impact your net cash proceeds from the transaction or this is all just the accounting?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: It won't have an impact on the proceeds.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And I want to make sure given all the adjustments I'm correct, it looks like you know if we  I think it's $1.143 billion of adjusted OI through nine months which would be comparable to your new guidance. So it implies 4Q of $357 million to $382 million do I have that correct?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: I'm sorry, Gary. You're running a little quick there.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. I was taking your new guidance of $1.5 billion to $1.525 billion on OI and I believe the nine-month adjusted OI number in the press release was $1.143 billion. If I had that correct and comparable. So I think it implies $357 million to $382 million of OI for 4Q?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. That's right.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Which looks like  it looks like it implies a larger year-over-year decline. The advocacy costs are easing sequentially, but maybe the pharma losses are increasing sequentially is there an obvious answer as to why 4Q would be down more than 3Q?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: I don't  I'm just stumbling on the math a little here, Gary, and I apologize for that. My recollection was after you adjusted Q3 and Q4, OI are about flat.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Maybe I'm not doing it right. My last question...
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Gary, we're going to do a little math here, while it keeps going and I'll just clarify that for you.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I may have been incorrect. My last question will be for Kent. Given you've talked about the necessity of advocacy ongoing, I guess particularly I'm thinking about the charitable premium assistance issue where it's not just the SEIU that's been involved, but the insurance lobby to some degree believes they have some skin in the game. Is there  do you think there's a need to sort of readdress this issue with the insurance industry in any way or do you think the right approach is just to advocate in the state legislatures?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, very fair question. First, with respect to the CPA legislation that the SEIU was involved with, there was only one plan that worked with them. Now that's not to say that there aren't a lot of other plans that don't like charitable premium assistance period for dialysis or anything else. But since our patients are so much more identifiable and so much more expensive, it's an easy poster child. So, while it is true that the insurance industry as a group doesn't like it, with respect to that one piece or sort of predatory legislation, there was only one plan that really worked on that pretty much at all which was actually rather interesting. Now moving on to the question beyond establishing the context, I think, it's a fair idea to take another run at trying to sort things out. Historically each time we have and said let's try to work out our own compromise and our own code of conduct that both providers and payers will agree to. We just haven't gotten much take-up, and so I think it's a fair idea. But the most likely outcome is that everybody is going to wait for the regulators decide. And as you know, it's been quite a long period of time now and there's a reason for that, it's pretty complicated and you could hurt a lot of patients pretty quickly. And so folks are appropriately hesitant as they try to sort out the truth. So we're still in that state where they could make a decision of some sort in the next month. They might not make a decision for the next year. And we'll take under consideration this notion of once again trying to see if there can be an industry compromise.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Hey, Gary, let me just clarify on your question before on Q4 over Q3. So if you take Q3 add back the advocacy and the retirement in the quarter, you'd come up with an adjusted number. And then if you'd compare that to Q4 and add back advocacy in Q4 as well you'd show Q4 being about $30 million ahead of Q3.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got you. And is  I guess, I was  okay, I'll rework that. Appreciate it.
Operator: We have our next question coming from John Ransom from Raymond James. Your line is now open.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hi. Just a couple from me. If we look at 2019, and in your commercial contracts, what percent of your commercial revenue is currently contracted?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: We haven't...
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: JR?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, thanks Kent. We haven't disclosed the number, but it is the great majority.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: I would like to point out that I'm also JR, just for the record...
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Well, then you answer the question.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Well, when I say great majority in cell C3 (32:09) it doesn't spell out anything, but that's fine. The second question is, I know I've been a pest about this, but capital efficiency, how should we think about, is run rate CapEx still in that $700 million to $800 million range and if we've done any more work to try to break the link between the spending and growth? It just seems like I know I'm having an opinion, it seems like an awfully high number of high level spending and I wonder if there's any more efforts to become a bit more capital efficient down the road?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. So no changes to what we've said in the past about capital which is $925 million for the quarter coming down next year. And we anticipate that continuing to happen and looking forward, we are looking for ways both short-term, as well as long-term ways to make the business more capital efficient. That said nothing specific.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Oh! I'm sorry, $925 million for the year, I'm told I've said for the quarter, I apologize. But yeah, we are looking for ways to make the business more capital efficient over the long term, but no specifics to update you on with that.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then just some  I might be the only guy I didn't know this, but to think about next year how much will we pull out in total for the year for pharmacy in terms of avoided losses with your new structure?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. So JR or Joel?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. So, what we've said is in the second half of this year, we would lose $20 million to $35 million for pharmacy. We still are looking at that range, so you'd have to back that out as a tailwind for next year.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got you. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lisa Clive from Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Great. Thanks. First, just wanted to drill down on your comment on the slight decline in commercial mix in the quarter, your large competitor mentioned that there was a big July enrollment that  or a bigger July enrollment period than historically and it sounds like they didn't do a particularly good job attracting new private patients and thus lost some share. Could you maybe just comment on normal quarterly fluctuations that you see with private patient mix and whether your trends seems sort of out of whack with those fluctuations and a related question, have you seen more competition from ARA, now that they have a national contract in place with United Health. You obviously don't run into them in that many markets, but I'm just curious about the dynamics where you may have clinics near theirs? And then final question, just on home dialysis. Could you remind us what proportion of your patients are on PD today and what proportion are on HHD. FMC appears to be making quite a big push into HHD. They've increased their HHD patients from 2% to 4% in the past few quarters, and I'm just wondering how much of a priority it is for you at this point to build out a bigger HHD platform?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Okay. Well, thank you for the questions and let me try and take them one at a time. I'll take them in reverse order since that's the way I remember them. On home, we have 11% of our patients on PD and about 2.5% on HHD, so about 13.5% over both modalities. On the second question on ARA, have we seen any change in the competitive landscape, the answer is no to that. And on the third one is there anything in particular that we should call out on the commercial trend? We don't see anything that's worth calling out.
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Okay. Thanks very much.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: We have our next question coming from Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks for taking my question, again. So just to follow back up on the commercial mix here. Given it seems I think it's been pretty stable for the last four, six, eight quarters talking about a decline here. Can you give us any more color in terms of the magnitude, what you saw in the quarter, did it get worse through the quarter, any of that?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Justin, on that we're trying to be helpful and obviously know that these words are not comforting. It's slight decline and again our negotiations look the same. Seasonally adjusted Q3 always has a little change because Medicare enrollment opens up and so that's going on. But other than that we had that small shift that I already outlined to lower paying plans. There's really nothing else to call out.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. The run rate, tax rate we should think about going forward as we go into 2019, what is the right number to be putting in our models here?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. So obviously we're not going to give specific guidance here, but I think you can kind of step back to our guidance at the beginning of the year. Think about the increased advocacy spend, which will not all be not tax deductible, but most of it will not be tax deductible and that should help you get to a reasonable estimate.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Could you tell me if the tax rate is higher than what you expected in the year of core, has it gone up or  and if so why?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: It's at the high end of the range. You know, the tax code was pretty new when we put out that range. A lot of things got clarified over the course of the year and that's really what drove where we wound up in the range.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. So core ex the advocacy stuff we should think about the high end of the range is a reasonable kind of starting point?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yes.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then, the buy down you bought a bunch of stock in July and then it looks like the buy down slowed down meaningfully versus the first seven months of the year in August and September and that you didn't buy anything in October. So just anything we should think about in terms of the pacing of share repo given that's pretty different than what you did the first seven months?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Our leverage wound up at 4.29, which is way above the range we've historically talked about. We've always been comfortable going above or below the range for various reasons, but we are further above than typically feels comfortable. And I think we've tried to communicate that was kind of a pre-buy in anticipation of the DMG deal getting done, and we're  I think it's safe to say we're slowing down as we get to that higher end of our comfort around leverage.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. So maybe it's fair to say that you kind of take a pause and wait until the DMG deal closes before there is meaningful share repurchase going on here, is that the right read?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Look, there are always things that could impact that, but I think you're in the right general ballpark.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then just circling back to the DMG deal, is there anything in particular that you would point to that's lengthening this or complicating it versus a typical deal. I mean, I think we're five-plus months post the second request.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, as we said, look, the regulatory process is ongoing, it's extensive, it's live and unfortunately, we just can't discuss the details of the process.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. So, maybe I'll ask a different question on this. Just  go ahead. Sorry.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Justin, I'd just add, it has proven to be a more difficult process than we contemplated and perhaps that's obvious given the length of time it's taken. But just to eliminate any ambiguity that has been the case.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: And can you tell us whether the difficulty in the process is coming from the DOJ or is it coming from maybe Optum is not wanting to divest what a lot of people would have expected they would need to divest to close the deal. Is there a resistance of divestitures or?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: We're not comfortable I think sharing any of the details. So, sorry about that, but it's hard to see that thing constructive to the process, and I think everybody's working hard. Everybody, the government, Optum, we are all working hard. And it's just taking every bit of that work and more.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Let me come at it one other way and I'll jump back in the queue. If we get to a point where the DOJ says, this is what you need to close the deal, and let's just say that's a package of divestitures, and United doesn't think that that's reasonable. Is there a possibility here, this goes to  the FTC sues and we go to court. And if that's the case, what happens if Optum loses, does the deal just break and we go back and run an auction?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Justin, look, we are working hard to get this deal closed in 2018. It is a complex process. And with that, I just don't think we want to speculate about the hypotheticals. We're trying to get this done in 2018.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: All right. Thanks guys.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thanks, Justin.
Operator: We have our next question coming from ...
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Operator?
Operator: I'm sorry  from John Ransom from Raymond James. Your line is now open.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hi. Just one more from me. And I think this is for Kent. I mean, just kind of stepping back from the picky and (43:27) sort of near term stuff, the company appears to be a little bit at odds with the unions and also with the payers. Strategically, what do we think about over time to kind of bring you back in line where everybody around you kind of feels good about the value proposition because it just seems like you guys are fighting, fighting, fighting and is there something that you could think about doing differently to make everybody think that we're all on the same page? I know this is a squishy question, but you guys seem to be a little bit more at odds than some of the other companies that I'm familiar with?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, I think it's a very fair question. And let me take a good shot at and feel free to continue probing that, with the payers, I think the visibility of charitable premium assistance, which is not that big a chunk of our profit, the visibility has overshadowed the fact that we're doing lots of great highly aligned work with a lot of payers, including some who have very strong feelings on charitable premium assistance from a policy point of view, but it's not preventing we and they from making big strides on implementing aligned value based care propositions. And so, I think there the visible activity is pretty inconsistent with a lot of the invisible activity in ways that would make you feel much better. And then I would also point out that in Congress, we've probably never been as well-situated and aligned and in a positive spot. And with CMS, I'd say we're in pretty much as good a spot as we've been for much of the last 15 years. And so, the sense which I think I would perhaps have too if I just looked at the newspaper headlines that a bunch of things have trended negative is misleading once you are more on the inside. With respect to the unions, which is the one group where I can't point to any sort of silver lining, it's pretty difficult to have a constructive relationship with a group that starts out day one, doing the things that they have done, it's pretty difficult. And we talked to an awful lot of people who have had dealings with them and emerged quite negative on a whole bunch of levels and for reasons that were consistent with what we experienced, and so that one unfortunately got kicked off in a very zero sum way by them. So, I think it's a very reasonable concern. I think the non-visible data would make you feel a lot better. And with respect to CPA, I would repeat that the person who spoke earlier, I think they were right that it's us taking another run at some sort of reasonable compromise is a good idea.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. I mean, I guess from my perspective, it's surprising that 2018, 2019, we're not further along with you guys having executed some  let's take care of your 10,000 dialysis patients in these four states for x dollars a patient, we will be on the hook for the quality and the outcomes, you pay us one number. Why has that proven such a  and I know you're at the mercy of the payers, but why isn't there been more vertical traction with some of these risk-sharing things? It's just not clear to me also looking in why we're still kind of in a fee-for-service world and we're fighting over 2%, 3% or 4% revenue per treatment increases and not any further than we were  it doesn't look to me any further than we were 10 years ago.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, I'll go first and then JR may want to add. Number one, we are getting new deals done that have more aligned economics every year. We don't announce each of them because none of them in isolation are significant enough to warrant it. And so the progress has been steady and the quality and quantity of conversations has grown. Why has it moved so slowly, however, is largely because it's  for a lot of payers, they don't have  while they have a lot of patients nationally, they're spread all over the country and a lot of plans have grown by acquisition and other ways. And so, their ability to be a good dancing partner to isolate and discretely track all of those patients has been limited. Now that's changing a lot right now. But historically, a lot of them administratively simply couldn't really get there without having to allocate an amount of administrative resources that they were legitimately uncomfortable with. So, that's really the primary reason it's moved so slowly. On the government side you saw that they really wanted to try to get ESCOs to work because they believed in it. And while they were testing ESCOs, they just didn't have much of an appetite for other stuff. Now we're three, four years into that, what's happened is exactly what we said would happen is that the program has not scaled and has plateaued, but we lost four years when the PATIENTS Act was sort of put aside by them for a while because they hoped their idea would work. And so that's just the way it goes sometimes with the government that you get a binary fork in the road and this one cost us a few years. JR, do you want to join in?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Sure. I'll just add one point, John, and that is that we agree with you and that our DNA is very partner-oriented that we want to be leaning in to take as much responsibility of the patient as possible. We believe that our clinics are the natural place to be because we have essential care for 12 hours with a diverse set of caregivers. That said, back to Kent's dancing partner, the payers have a unique dynamic in dialysis in that they really only have about 1 in 10 patients. And so therefore, they fail to see that we are one of the most, if not the most, efficient caregiving model out there. So if you look at our revenue per treatment weighted average across all of it at $300 and change for four hours of life-sustaining therapy, it is incredibly, incredibly efficient and a gift to the system. But the constraint is because of MSP limits the timeframe on commercial, that puts all kinds of restraints on doing these bundled deals, and if we had normal mix 70-30 like everyone else, it would allow for a lot more of this. And instead the payer wonders how long they're going to have a dialysis patient, and we get a little of the sort of the noise around the fact that our patients are chronic and therefore expensive. So those are some of the dynamics, but to your point, our DNA is all around partnering and trying to put a solution to this.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Those were great answers. I really appreciate the expansive commentary. Thanks so much.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: We have another question coming from Lisa Clive from Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Great. Thanks. Just two follow-ups; one on the PATIENTS Act, how many supporters are you losing with the new Congress coming in. I'm just trying to understand how much ground may need to be covered a second time if this doesn't pass by yearend, and instead becomes a 2019 initiative? And then interestingly for your further comments just about the private payers and the fact that they only have the patients for 33 months, what do you think the chances are for an MSP extension, obviously there was a small three month went in the opioid build, but then Congress decided they didn't actually need to fund it so it got pulled out. But it was interesting that that should have made it back onto the table seemingly without much involvement from the dialysis industry. I'm just curious as to whether that could focus payers on integrated care in a more substantial way?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: LeAnne, you want to take the first one or both?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - DaVita, Inc.: I can do either. I'll take the first one. As it relates to the PATIENTS Act, we are still very well positioned in the house, all four of our sponsors are returning and they are well-positioned with their leadership. So although we have a new Congress you have to build support from the broad base. We think this policy will continue to have the merits it did and it will continue to have the leadership it has. So we feel good about building the same kind of support that we have to go into the next Congress.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: And perhaps LeAnne  Lisa if you want to call tomorrow or something we can provide the exact number of sponsors that may have lost, but given we're up at about 195 with an almost perfect half D and half R split in that we did retain the leaders, and we do have relationships with some of the senior house folks. You'll see that the net answer is supported by the numbers that we're still in very good shape. Although the bad news is that there's always just a lot of things going on and a lot of noise in the system when there's a change in power because they've got a pent-up agenda, so that's bad. On the other hand, the other side of that sword, the other edge of that sword is that they typically are absolutely hyper to get some stuff done, and that's good for us because we are such a bipartisan idea that's sitting on the shelf. So you can kind of argue that one either way. Then on MSP, the way we look at it, is we were thrilled that we've kept that one in play enough so that it made it into the house version of the opioid bill. Unfortunately the Senate bill didn't need any savings, didn't need any pay fors, and so it lost the tailwind and the impetus that comes from that. So the right way to interpret what happened there is that, it's good news that it still has a place on the shelf and a lot of people know about it, that it's sound policy that actually generates savings. At the same time, we never say that we're optimistic that it's going to happen anytime soon because we know that business and private insurance companies always oppose it. So it's never going to be a lay-up.
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Okay. Thanks for that.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Lisa.
Operator: There are no questions in queue at this time.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Okay. Well, thank you all for your interest in DaVita, and we will work hard for you for the next three months until we talk again. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - DaVita, Inc. Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc. Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc. Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.
Analysts: Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good evening. My name is Christine, and I will be your conference facilitator for today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to DaVita's second quarter 2018 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. Thank you. Mr. Gustafson, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Christine, and welcome, everyone, to our second quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. And with me today are: Kent Thiry, our CEO; Joel Ackerman, our CFO; Javier Rodriguez, CEO of DaVita Kidney Care; Jim Hilger, our Chief Accounting Officer; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. Please note that during this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainty that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainty, please refer to our first quarter earnings release of earlier today and our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Our forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Jim, and thanks to all out there on the phone for your interest in DaVita. I'll make three quick points up front. As Javier will review, we had a strong quarters for Kidney Care operations. The second point is the DMG sale process continues to progress and is on track to close this year. And number three is we've deployed significant cash towards share repurchases during the quarter. However, as we are first and foremost a caregiving company, I will start our call, as always, with clinical results. Infection is one of the leading causes of hospitalizations in our population. In the second quarter, we delivered the lowest infection rate since we started tracking these rates. For our in-center patients, the bloodstream infection rate actually decreased by 9% year over year, outpatients even better as the peritonitis improved  decreased by 19% year over year. This is not only an unambiguous example of quality improvement on the clinical side, it also leads to a dramatic improvement in quality of life and lower costs for the system. And on that happy note, I will turn things over to Javier.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Kent, and good afternoon. The second quarter was strong, with solid fundamentals and solid earnings growth in our dialysis business. I'll give you three high-level points on the financials, and then Joe will go into more detail. First, normalized non-acquired growth was flat for the first quarter. Second, revenue per treatment was up slightly after adjusting for Medicare bad debt recoveries in the first and second quarter. Third, we continued to contain our costs despite wage pressure. On today's call, I will focus on five topics. First, as you probably know, the preliminary 2019 Medicare rate was released a few weeks ago. After five years of practically no increase, we are encouraged to be back in an environment where Medicare fee-for-service rates will be growing again and help offset inflationary reality. Second, calcimimetics, the transition from Part D to Part B reimbursement continues to go well. In the second quarter, utilization and economics look similar to the first quarter. Across our Kidney Care business, we expect the net impact of calcimimetics to be a mid-single-digit margin before our indirect costs to administer the drugs. For the third topic, let me provide an update on the human activities and some bad public policies they're seeking to pass. There are three different issues the industry faces and that it opposes: number one, a bill in California that seeks to restrict dialysis patients' access to charitable premium assistance by creating hurdles to patients and charities and limiting the providers' reimbursement for commercial patients to Medicare rates; number two, a ballot measure in California to capture reimbursement from private payers and interferes with our contract to the benefit of private insurance; number three, we will likely face the similar ballot measure in Ohio. In the next two weeks, we will know if the Ohio measures has qualified. The dialysis community is committed to advocating against the measures on behalf of our patients, our teammates, and our shareholders. We are working with a broad coalition of over 100 healthcare providers and patient groups to oppose these measures and intend to do whatever is necessary to educate voters on why these measures are flawed. Unfortunately, educating voters on regulations around a complex and lifesaving therapy such as dialysis will be expensive. On to the fourth topic, GranuFlo, a jury recently handed down a negative verdict involving DaVita's use of GranuFlo, one of the components used to produce dialysis. Before I comment on the case, I want to be clear. DaVita's first priority always has been and will continue to be the care and safety of our patients. DaVita has a clear record of improving patient quality of life and reducing patient mortality over the last two decades. Now on to the case, we do not believe the verdict is supported by the facts or the law. We will be pursuing all avenues to overturn this verdict and do not believe that the verdict will stand in its current form. My fifth and final topic is DaVita Rx. As we talked about in the past, changes in the oral pharmacy space, including reimbursement reductions, have hurt the economics of DaVita Rx. As a result, we are looking for a new way to deliver high-quality pharmacy services to our patients in a more cost-effective manner while maintaining our medication management capabilities. As such, we will be outsourcing the customer service and fulfillment functions of DaVita Rx. We will maintain our renal-related medication management capabilities in-house, which will help us provide differentiated integrated care to dialysis patients. And in 2019 and beyond, what remains of DaVita Rx will be accounted for as part of our U.S. dialysis and lab segment, similarly to how we handle our labs. Let me finish by emphasizing that the underlying dialysis operations and clinical results remain strong. These results allowed us to maintain our adjusted operating income guidance range while absorbing the significant anticipated advocacy costs. Now on to Joel for some financial details and our results.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Thanks, Javier. Adjusted operating income from continuing operations for the second quarter was $419 million. This includes $12 million in non-recurring Medicare bad debt recoveries from prior periods relating to the change in revenue recognition standards we implemented at the beginning of 2018. This is slightly above the $6 million to $8 million we expected. As you will recall, in Q1 we recognized $24 million from this change. We do not expect any significant prior-period revenue from this going forward. Excluding this impact, net dialysis revenue per treatment was up approximately $1 from the previous quarter. This was driven by an increase in commercial and government rates, partially offset by a seasonal decline in acute treatment mix. Our continued strategic review of our business portfolio resulted in three changes this quarter, creating some noise in the quarter's financials. First, following up on Javier's comments on DaVita Rx, in the first half of 2018, the Rx business was approximately breakeven before intercompany management fees and excluding an $11 million charge related to write-off of assets in Q2. We expect to incur some additional charges in the remainder of the year related to this plan. These charges are excluded from adjusted operating income and guidance. For the second half of the year, we expect to incur an adjusted loss on DaVita Rx operations of $20 million to $35 million due to duplicative costs during the transition. This loss has been reflected in our adjusted operating income guidance for continuing operations. In 2019 and beyond, we expect no significant net financial impact from DaVita Rx. Second, we sold our remaining stake in Tandigm to Independence Blue Cross. As a result of this sale, we have recognized an after-tax gain of $19 million, which is included in our discontinued operations. Third, we sold Paladina Health in June and recognized a one-time operating income gain of $35 million, which is excluded from our adjusted operating income and adjusted operating income guidance. Regarding the sale of DMG, we continue to be on track to close the transaction in 2018. For international, our adjusted operating income in the quarter was $3 million, which included a $5 million foreign exchange gain from the cash balance in our Asia-Pacific joint venture. We continue to expect to achieve breakeven adjusted operating income in late 2018 excluding any foreign exchange gains or losses. This is incorporated in our enterprise adjusted operating income guidance for 2018. Now cash flow, operating cash flow from continuing operations was $606 million for the quarter. We continue to expect OCF from continuing operations for the year to be $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. We also expect CapEx for continuing operations for the year to be consistent with the approximately $925 million we mentioned previously. Finally on share repurchases, through July 31, 2018, year to date we purchased approximately 15.9 million shares for approximately $1.1 billion, representing nearly 9% of our shares outstanding at the beginning of the year. This includes approximately $500 million of stock repurchased since our last earnings call. As we said last quarter, we view this as an early deployment of the enhanced liquidity we expect later this year. On July 11, our Board of Directors approved an additional share repurchase authorization. The total amount of our repurchase authorization remaining as of July 31 was approximately $1.4 billion. For our annual adjusted operating income guidance, we are maintaining the range of $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion, but we have now included in this guidance our expected costs associated with countering the union policy efforts. This guidance does imply lower expected operating income in the second half of the year than in the first half. This is the result of two positive items in the first half of the year and two negative items expected in the second half. The positive items are $36 million in Medicare bad debt revenue recognized in the first half due to the implementation of the new revenue accounting standards and $17 million in DaVita Health Solutions revenue recognized in the first quarter that we do not expect to recur. The negative items are the $20 million to $35 million anticipated second half adjusted loss at DaVita Rx, and the increased advocacy costs expected in countering the union policy efforts. We incurred some costs in the first half of the year, but we expect costs in the second half to be significantly higher and heavily weighted in the third quarter. Therefore, the fact that we are maintaining our adjusted operating income guidance range while incorporating this additional cost shows our increasing confidence in the underlying financial performance for 2018. This change to include anticipated advocacy costs in our updated guidance also impacts our expected tax rate because these costs are not tax deductible. For the second quarter, our effective tax rate on income attributable to DaVita Rx from continuing operations was 29.5% in the quarter. For the full year, we now expect our effective tax rate on income attributable to DaVita from continuing operations to be 28.5% to 29.5%. Now I will turn it over to Kent for some closing remarks.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: A quick restatement of a few of the key takeaways; number one, we are experiencing a material amount of non-business external friction, particularly on the union side. Importantly, however, number two, we continue to be strategically well positioned both in the context of the current business model and for the longer term providing integrated care to kidney care patients across the country. And lastly, number three, we continue to generate strong cash flows. And with that, operator, can we go on to Q&A please?
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll begin the Q&A session. And our first question in queue is from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks. I wanted to see about the guidance. Is it fair to say that now that your guidance includes  you actually didn't say how much the advocacy costs are going to be, but let's say $50 million of additional costs, that you're more comfortable at the low end of the guidance, or are you saying that the core business has improved through the year and you're comfortable at least at the midpoint of that guidance range?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: I guess I would say we are comfortable adding the advocacy costs and obviously bringing in a new cost and maintaining the guidance is the positive side. I would not interpret anything about where we expect to be in this guidance range relative to where we had expected to be beforehand based on the fact that the advocacy costs are coming in. Is that responsive?
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess. It's basically saying you're not going to comment. So that's fine though. I guess you mentioned the two California bills and the Ohio ballot. When we think about those things, how do you quantify the potential impact if these things were to be going through?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Kevin, we figured you'd ask the question. Unfortunately, the answer is not very satisfying because there are so many variables in play and literally every day there's a new dynamic. As you can imagine, they're all very different. But if the ballot initiative passes in California, you'll instantly have approximately 66,000 patients that are being treated in centers that mostly will be unsustainable. And so to assume that there's going to be some kind of a plan, a backup for that is just unrealistic. So then you've got to go into how would it play out and then you go into, well, okay is there going to be some intervention by policy makers to avoid a crisis and if there are some regulatory things or some legal challenges we could do, and so on and so forth. But the answer to your question is we're not going to give a number. It's too hard to do so.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right, maybe you can help clarify a couple things. I've gotten questions from people about what the California ballot initiative is actually trying to do because the language says the rebates go back to the commercial payers, which some people have interpreted to mean that this 15% margin is actually tied to only commercial payers rather than the 15% margin to the site across all payers on average. Can you just clarify your interpretation of how that margin is applied?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: First of all, we've got to be careful with the phrase 15% margin because the ballot defines 115% of allowable cost, and allowable cost is poorly defined. So there's going to be a lot of debate as to what it's in it and what's not. So to assume that there's 15% margin is probably not realistic there. As it relates to the second part of it, I think it is a rebate to the commercial patient, and that is the commercial plan. Is that the second question you were asking?
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: It's a rebate to the commercial plan, but that 15% of allowable cost, is that done at the site level across all payers that includes Medicare and Medicaid, or is it only applied to your commercial customers, which would obviously be a different thing? If you had allowable costs on Medicare, that would help. Obviously, you're not making your 15% on Medicare. And therefore, it would increase the overall profits of the facility rather than if you were only to apply that to the commercial side of things.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Right, so it's on all costs to all payers the de facto because Medicare is in essence the low cost in many instances. You really are thinking about the commercial payers.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, okay, that's how we're thinking about it. And then I guess the last question then, on the bill that's being debated in California, how do you think about  you guys have quantified some impacts before about  if CP-8 were to go away. How do you think about that I guess, in rough terms? Would that be similar to the gross impact exposure weighted by the California exposure of that, or do you think that it would be the net number you say that there would be offsets and the number is closer to $100 million? The $250 million is more the way to think about California being 20% of that is just order of magnitude on that.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Unfortunately, the math is not straightforward on the numbers that we gave you in the past and this one because if you look at the bill, it could effectively eliminate charitable assistance for dialysis patients because it's got inconsistencies between the bill and the OIG guidance relating to the dialysis charity assistance. So it could literally result in disproportionately hurting low income population. And so then you have to go into how would that population behave, what plan would they pick, what's happening with our competitors, are they having less capacity in their centers? So are patients having to in essence go deeper into their pocketbook because they don't want to be displaced, et cetera? So again, SB 1156 is quite dynamic and keeps changing. And every time it changes it introduces a new twist, but the math is not intuitive at that level that you have.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Actually I lied, one more question. Given these three things, I'm a big fan of you guys buying back stock in advance of DMG closing if you've got good visibility on that closing. But I guess how did you think about buying back stock in front of these three things? I guess any one of these things could be meaningful to the company. So how do you think about valuing the company given those potential risks? And that's it, thanks.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: It's a tough question to answer, Kevin, given the uncertainty that these three things create looking forward, but we stuck to our principles, which were looking at the long-term intrinsic value of the company and using that as well as a number of items to decide the pace at which we want to buy, which is obviously influenced by the DMG closing and our not wanting to have to accumulate rapidly during some artificially high stock price. So you put that all in the mix, and that's where we came out in terms of our buyback for the quarter.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Steve Tanal of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I guess just as we were looking at the RPTs less patient care cost per treatment, I guess a measure of gross profit per treatment, it looks like the margin was down about 300 bps year on year just on that measure. And I'm just curious to understand if there's anything to spike out there and whether there has been any change on the calcimimetics side, either from a reimbursement or margin standpoint versus Q1?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, so a few things. Obviously, you've going to back out all the noise. Two things to point out, one is the 401(k), which was an artificial improvement to 2017. So that would probably be the single biggest thing to call out looking at how to adjust year-over-year margins.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it, okay. So I was actually going to ask you about that too. And is that still consistent with the $100 million for the year, and is that ratable exactly?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: I'm sorry, I didn't hear the second part of the question. Is that?
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: The guidance for the 401(k) headwind was $100 million for the year, if I recall. I'm just trying to check the cadence of that and if it's still similar to where you expected it'd be?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yes, it is, and it's relatively flat across the year. So there's not a lot of quarterly variation in that.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. And then just secondly, just on the G&A line, it looked well controlled, at least relative to how we modeled it. Is there anything unusual to break out there, or is that a good run rate to use going forward?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: The best thing to do is to look at it as an annual number, and there's not much to report on that.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it, okay. And just lastly for me, I just wanted to clarify the comments on Ohio. It sounded like you said the ballot measure has qualified. Is that the case? It seems like there's news reports out that suggest maybe it is not.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: No, I apologize if that's what you heard. We will find out on August 13, I believe, if it qualifies, so in the next couple weeks.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it, okay, so still uncertain. Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question is from Justin Lake of Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. Good afternoon, good evening. I just want to go back to Kevin's question on the OI guide, obviously very good that you can absorb all these incremental costs. You gave us the DaVita Rx number. Can you give us a ballpark ballot cost estimate, or is that just too competitive and you want to keep that out of the call?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: You're correct, we'd like to keep it out.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you for asking and answering. I like that.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Well, you guys are teaching me, I am trainable. So the second thing  so it's August 1 and you've still got $100 million wide guidance range. I would think there's more visibility in the business there, so I don't think it's unreasonable to ask. Where do you think within that range, the higher? I know you have a history of doing the higher end. Where within that guidance range do you think you're more likely to fall, probabilistically, of course?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, so I think the reason the range remains so wide is advocacy that is contributing to an uncertainty that remains at this stage in the year. In terms of where in the range, I think we're just comfortable with the range, and we'll let it play out.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Maybe for this quarter, can you tell us where you were? It certainly looked like it was ahead of my estimates and I think consensus in terms of OI. Can you tell us how it looked relative to your internal expectation?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: We don't guide quarterly, and I don't think we're going to comment quarterly on where we came out relative to internal expectations. We're going to stick with guiding for the year. We think that gives you the visibility that we can offer.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, I'll ask one more. Can you tell us why the tax rate is up 200 basis points?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yes, it's the expected non-deductibility of our advocacy costs that we expect to pay in the balance of the year  or to spend in the balance of the year. Justin, I misspoke in the script. I think I said I was  I referenced the tax associated with DaVita Rx. That was just a foot fault. I just meant DaVita, in case that wasn't clear. But yes, the 200 basis points is from the advocacy, which is not deductible.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, so the tax rate for next year, as long as there's no advocacy cost, would revert back to your original guidance. So this is a one-time charge?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Depending on how you view advocacy going forward, yes, it not a fundamental change to the tax rate.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, great. I'll jump back in the queue. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Frank Morgan of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yes, I guess I'll follow up on Kevin's question earlier about buybacks. Clearly, $1.4 billion left under your existing program, if I heard you correctly, in light of what's ahead of you with both the ballot initiative and this SB 1156, what is your appetite now for further purchases ahead of the outcome of those two events?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Frank, we have been comfortable communicating our strategy about buybacks, but we're very reluctant to comment about what we're going to do in any given period. It's not something we want to signal. We don't want to drive the stock up artificially and then feel compelled to buy into that. So we will continue with our buyback strategy, but I don't have any particular color for you in the next quarter or so leading up to be the ballot initiative.
Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: No change in cash flow from ops guidance absorbing those advocacy costs, any changes in your outlook for CapEx in terms of just looking at free cash flow?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: No, still the $925 million number we've given in the past is still a good number.
Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then final question, just any updates, any thoughts around the patient, any timing there or updated thoughts from a regulatory or a legislative perspective? Thanks.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: This is KT. The short answer is it's still the case that we have a real shot. We need the CBO score. And if that comes out at a reasonable level, we have a real shot. We didn't bring it up proactively because we figure many of you are sick of hearing that paragraph. But it's still for us very, very alive, and every week we cross our fingers and hope for the CBO score.
Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, thanks.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from John Ransom of Raymond James. Your line is now open.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hi. I'm next to a very chatty and loud Southwest gate agent, so sorry for the background noise if there is any, two quick questions for me. As you think about CapEx after this year, have you done any more analysis of the relationship of CapEx and growth? Is there a way you could bracket expectations for next year, or is it too early to do that?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: So for next year, we are comfortable saying that we will head back down to a number that's more closely aligned with our 2017 number, and that our view is that 2018 had a couple of things worth roughly $100 million that were unusual, and those will go away, so, something in the low $800 million.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, so that's roughly  that's almost 2x your depreciation. Is that just the permanent plateau, no matter what?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Hold on one second.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Why don't you give us a few minutes to reflect on the question and see we can come back in a satisfactory way?
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: It just seems like a big number, but...
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Let me take it.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Sure.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: The $800 million  I'm sorry, John. The $800 million is  I wouldn't call it a new plateau. It's definitely tied to our growth. Remember, most of that is not maintenance CapEx, it's development CapEx. We are thinking about ways to get the number down both through small initiatives around lower cost to build de novos, in lowering our IT spend and stuff like that, as well as some larger ideas that I mentioned briefly on the call last quarter. That said, I don't think we're prepared to guide to any trend on the number ahead of what we've said about 2019.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, fair enough. And secondly, the pharmacy initiative, I know you've called out some losses for the back half of the year. When do you think that transition will be done, and what would be good expectations for the ongoing contribution of the business?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: The transition will be in Q3, maybe it slips a little into Q4, and the economics post that in 2019 will be irrelevant.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: So it would go from losing what you're saying to basically breakeven or off the P&L. Is that a way to think about it?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: That's a good way to think about it.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: So it's a good guess. So I asked about the pharmacy I think last call or two calls ago, and you guys were pretty adamant that it was a strategic asset that you wanted to keep. So what changed in the last two quarters that made you change your mind?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: It's mainly a revenue change, John. So we've had a couple of contractual changes in a drug that has the potential of being generic for quite some time. It went generic, and it went generic, and the pricing was quite rapid, the decrease in pricing. So the combination of several revenue hits made the decision, while painful, the right one.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, fair enough. Thank you, that's all I have.
Jim Gustafson - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Gary Taylor of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning. Good morning, really, good afternoon. Just a question, I know you had said on calcimimetics, it was essentially similar contribution as the first quarter. In the first quarter, you said it was $19 revenue per treatment. Would you be more precise? Is it right on $19, is it different...
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, it's about $19, no material change.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And it looks like there was almost $10 million of equity investment income, a line item that usually is not material, contributing to the operating income. What was driving that figure?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: We are taking a look, Gary.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, I think it was $9.795 million.
Jim Gustafson - DaVita, Inc.: And, Gary, could you even talk a tad louder?
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Oh, yes, I'm sorry.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, Gary, I'll remind you that the APAC joint venture we have is an equity investment, and the foreign exchange swings related to that come through that equity line.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: You had called  I think you said that FX was $5 million, so about half of it. So is it fair to think that line is probably a few million dollars a quarter, but not necessarily $10 million or...?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: I think you should expect that to swing around and not contribute in either direction over any sustained period of time.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, just two more quick ones. It looks like ancillary $7 million loss in the 1Q added  it was a positive $3 million in the 2Q, I don't think that was DaVita Rx yet. So was there something driving that?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: I'm sorry, you're asking about the ancillary line?
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes, where you give operating income, I think it was negative $7 million negative in the 1Q and it was plus $3 million this quarter, so about a $10 million sequential good guy?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, there's some noise in that line. I think in Q1 it had the DHS number, which was a $17 million good guy. In Q2, it had the Paladina write up, which was a $35 million good guy.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, might have to follow on that one.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Oh yeah, and Q2 also had the Rx minus $11 million running through that line.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, I might have to follow up because it's better, so I'm not sure I understand all that, but I won't tie up folks. Just last question is, so I follow your math on if you take the first quarter revenue per treatment less the $24 million Medicare bad debt recovery in the 2Q, $352 per treatment less the $12 million Medicare recoveries puts your normalized revenue per treatment up about $1 sequentially from 1Q to 2Q. But you said that increase was related to commercial and government rates, so I just wanted to make sure I understand that. I don't think there would be a lot changing on the government rate side intra-year. It may be some intra-year commercial. I guess generally I'd consider maybe there's just some fluctuation of mix, but I wanted to make sure I was understanding that properly.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, there is some  within the government line, remember, Medicare fee-for-service is not our only government payer. There's Medicare Advantage. There's Medicaid fee-for-service and managed Medicaid. So as mix shifts between those buckets, you can see some shifts in the RPT.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you, that's all I had.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next one is from Justin Lake of Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks, a few more questions. You said the DMG sale process is on track. Is there anything further you can share with us? For instance, what might be left to do here when you met the second request, so we can understand the clock a little bit, anything?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Really not much to add, both parties are working to get it closed in 2018.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, anything on commercial mix in the quarter in terms of up, down, or it continues to be pretty steady?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Nothing to call out, Justin.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then on share repo, I just ran some back of the envelope numbers, and you bought back 16 million shares. I think we're pulling up about a little over 200 million shares have traded year to date. So you guys have been responsible for about 7.5% of the volume. I'm just curious if that's  is that the gating factor to the percentage of volume you can be out there? Is that the gating factor to what you've bought, or is that 7.5% number  I'm just trying to think about looking ahead and the timing of share purchases going forward, or is that just there's no really rhyme or reason to it and don't use that 7.5% as a proxy?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: I would not use that as a proxy for what we can buy. What percentage of the volume we are does affect our thinking at times. But I wouldn't say over the course of the quarter or the year to date, that's been a driving factor in how we think about buybacks.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then lastly, I just want to confirm. When I asked about the tax rate going up 200 basis points, you had indicated that most if not all of that is coming from the lack of deductibility of advocacy costs. Is that correct?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yes.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: So that didn't have to do with DaVita Rx or anything else, right?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: No, there are other small things related to the change in the tax law that will flow through that, but it's largely related to advocacy.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: All right. Because I think what's going to  what people are going to do is put two and two together here and basically you can math into how much advocacy costs have to be then to drive a 200 basis point change in your tax rate?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yes, the old rate was a range and the new rate is a range, but I get the math you want to do.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: I'm picking up $75 million, and I only say that because I'm sure everybody is going to do it. Is that a number that you'd want to walk us up or down on?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: We don't want to comment on what we are going to spend.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, that's it for me. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And that's the last question in queue at this time.
Jim Gustafson - DaVita, Inc.: All right, thanks, everyone, for your interest. We'll talk to you again in three months. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - DaVita, Inc. Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc. Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc. Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.
Analysts: Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Lisa Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.
Operator: Good evening. My name is Marie, and I will be your conference facilitator for today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to DaVita's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. Thank you. Mr. Gustafson, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Marie, and welcome, everyone, to our first quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in the company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations, and with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Joel Ackerman, our CFO; Javier Rodriguez, CEO of DaVita Kidney Care; Jim Hilger, our Chief Accounting Officer; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. Please note that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our first quarter earnings release of earlier today and our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings. Our forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to our most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release filed with the SEC and available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Jim, and welcome to all on this call. We are, first and foremost, a caregiving company. Therefore, I will start, as always, with some of our clinical results. CMS recently released the latest five-star results for the kidney care community in April, in fact, and the industry mix of four-and-five-star centers increased from 41% in 2015 to 53% in 2016. It says wonderful things about our community overall in terms of improving care year after year after year. In addition, DaVita's mix increased in the same period from 42% to 56% and we still long for the days of yore when there was a forced curve for these rankings, but very happy with our leadership position with respect to the current system as well. And if we hasten to add and remind people that these improvements in quality of care are not only good for our patients and their families, but they're also great for the taxpayer and that they lead to improved health and reduced hospitalizations. Now onto the three summary points of this call from a pure business point of view. JR will talk about it in more detail, but the quarter, as many of you have no doubt already observed was a strong one for U.S. Kidney Care. Second, the DMG sale process continues to progress on track. And third and finally and equally significantly, we deployed significant amounts of your cash towards share repurchases. I'll come back a little later with another thought or two, but now over to Javier for U.S. Kidney Care.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Kent, and good afternoon. The first quarter was a good start to the year with solid operating performance in our Kidney Care business. Aside from changes in calcimimetics, which I will discuss shortly, it was a pretty straightforward quarter operationally. Normalized non-acquired growth was 3.4%. Net revenue per treatment was up slightly excluding the positive impact of calcimimetics and the additional Medicare bad debt revenues of $24 million, open enrollment in commercial and ACA plans were stable, and we had good performance in operational cost and G&A, offset by the increase in our workforce costs and seasonal payroll taxes. Now for some detail on calcimimetics, starting in January of 2018, this class of drug was included in our Medicare reimbursement on a cost-plus basis. This is our first transition of a drug class from Part D to Part B reimbursement. The transition introduced significant operational changes in our clinic, billing and contracting teams. We spent the second half of 2017 developing processes and systems and training teammates for this change. While it is early, I am encouraged with the transition to date. As you know, there are still several open matters, in particular timing of when the generics to be introduced, physicians prescribing patterns between the oral and injectable product, and the future transition of calcimimetics into the bundle. Now, let me transition into union-backed initiatives we are facing. These initiatives attempt to cap reimbursement by ignoring the costs actually required to operate a clinic. They have already led us to cancel and postpone new clinics in California despite the need due to an already high capacity utilization in the state. If the initiatives were to pass, we believe a legal or regulatory intervention will be needed to prevent negative impact on access to care for this vulnerable patient population and could have a broader impact on utilization of hospitals and emergency room resources in the state. To counter these initiatives, the dialysis industry and other healthcare groups are working together and have hired experienced advisers. We're committed to advocate and represent the voice of our patients, our teammates, and our shareholders, and do what is necessary to educate voters on the risks and flaws we see in these initiatives. Finally, I know you're looking for us to handicap the outcome, but at this juncture, it is difficult to predict. I will note, however, that if the ballot initiative fails, unfortunately, it is not likely to end the union's corporate campaign. Now moving on to policies that benefit patients, we continue to be excited about the prospect of transforming patient care in the dialysis industry through the PATIENTS Act. We have an unusual amount of bipartisan support in both chambers of Congress with 178 co-sponsors. While it will be a significant lift to get this transformative legislation approved this year, we believe we have a real shot. During the quarter, we made progress on other important issues to the kidney care community, including legislative provisions that authorize private accreditation for dialysis providers, which could lead us to open new facilities faster in certain states. We also got reauthorization on Medicare Advantage Special Needs Plans, including C-SNPs, which have been set to expire January 1, 2019. And lastly, we also have now allowed PD and HHD patients and their physicians to substitute two of the three monthly in-person physician visits with a telehealth visit, which we expect to facilitate growth in the home modality. These are all good steps forward for patients and providers. Now, on to Joel for financial details on our results.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Javier. Operating income from continuing operations for the first quarter was $411 million. The quarter contained a few items that are outside our run rate. First, we recognized $24 million in Medicare bad debt recoveries relating to the change in revenue recognition standards. This is in line with what we mentioned last quarter. In the second quarter, we expect to recognize another $6 million to $8 million. Second, we recognized $17 million related to prior period shared savings revenue from our DaVita Health Solutions business. We do not expect this to recur next quarter. Net dialysis revenue per treatment was up approximately $23 from Q4. Approximately $19 of this came from the calcimimetics change and $3 is from the Medicare bad debt recoveries I mentioned before. Adjusting for these factors, RPT was up about $1 versus Q4. Our dialysis patient care cost per treatment was up approximately $25 from Q4. Most of this was the result of the addition of calcimimetics to our dialysis cost structure. Other smaller items were the headwind for the 401(k) match we implemented this year, increases in salaries and wages, seasonally higher payroll taxes, and one fewer treatment day in the quarter. The overall impact on operating income from the reimbursement change for calcimimetics was roughly breakeven, as a small positive margin in the dialysis and lab segment was offset by indirect costs and operating income declines in our strategic initiatives and corporate segment. Dialysis segment G&A cost per treatment were largely in line with both the first quarter of 2017 and with the full year 2017 average. We continue to expect dialysis segment G&A per treatment to be roughly in line with last year's levels. Looking at the full year, we're continuing to expect our Kidney Care operating income to be in the range of $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion. A few words on the DMG sale. We continue to be on track to close the transaction in 2018. As disclosed in March, we and Optum received a second request from the FTC, and we are working diligently to respond. On to international. In the first quarter, our operating profit in international was $1 million, excluding a $3 million foreign exchange loss from the cash balance in our Asia Pacific joint venture. We continue to expect to achieve sustainable profitability by Q4 2018, excluding any foreign exchange gains or losses. This is incorporated in our enterprise guidance for continuing operations for 2018. Regarding taxes, our effective tax rate on income attributable to DaVita from continuing operations was 27% in the quarter. We continue to expect our effective tax rate from continuing operations in 2018 to be between 26.5% and 27.5%. Now, cash flow. Operating cash flow from continuing operations was $206 million for the quarter. This was lower than our expected full-year 2018 run rate, due primarily to an increase in AR from calcimimetics and seasonal decreases in accrued compensation in the quarter. I will note that our DSOs were down one day quarter-over-quarter in U.S. dialysis and lab segment. We continue to expect operating cash flow from continuing operations for the year to be $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. Now, on to CapEx. First, I wanted to add some detail to our disclosure about our development CapEx. Included in the development CapEx in Table 7 of our press release is capital that we spend for buildings we develop from the ground-up, which we then sell and lease back, as well as the full CapEx amount for clinics that are owned with JV partners. For both these items, a portion of the capital outlay is temporary and eventually covered by either the buyers of the building or our JV partners. To ensure you have the details to take these factors into consideration when evaluating our cash flow, I would point you to a new line we added to Table 7 called sale of self-developed real estate projects, and to the contributions from non-controlling interest line in our cash flow statement. We hope these will help bridge an accounting view of CapEx to more economic view of cash generation of the business. We continue to expect total CapEx for continuing operations to be around $925 million for 2018. This includes some non-recurring capital spend in 2018. We still expect 2019 CapEx to be more in line with 2017 spend of approximately $800 million. Looking forward, we are evaluating opportunities that could lower the capital intensity of our business and are working with physicians, patient groups, payers, and regulators to increase capacity utilization, lower the cost of center construction, and grow home dialysis. If successful, we think these efforts could lead to a stronger ecosystem that works better for all stakeholders. Finally, on share repurchases. Through May 2, 2018, year-to-date, we have repurchased 8.5 million shares for $574 million, representing nearly 5% of our shares outstanding. This includes approximately $500 million of stock repurchase since our last earnings call. We view this as an early deployment of the enhanced liquidity we expect following the close of the DMG sale. To facilitate these buybacks, we have taken on higher leverage in the short term and have put in place an incremental Term Loan A as an extension of our current credit agreement. We expect to enter into new financing arrangements subsequent to the close of the pending DMG transaction. Now, I'll turn it over to Kent for some closing remarks.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Joel. Before we transition to Q&A, please allow me six quick restatements. Number one and perhaps most important, U.S. dialysis operations are once again strong in every regard. Number two, the DMG sale continues to be on track. Number three, we do have some active swing factors on both sides of the fence, negative things like the union corporate campaign and positive things like the good shot at the PATIENTS Act in integrated care. Number four, we continue to be very well-positioned long term to provide integrated care to the large American kidney disease population. Number five, we're seeing some nice improvement in our international results. And finally, number six, we continue to generate strong cash flows, which we continue to deploy with discretion towards growing our business and towards significant share repurchases. And with that, operator, can we please move to Q&A?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. As of the moment, we have four questions on queue. Let's start with Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you. So, on the  couple clarification questions first, the Medicare bad debt number, I guess as the way to think of the quarter from a normalized basis is it's kind of just take out that $24 million number to kind of see what a clean quarter would be. Is that the way to think about it?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: I think that's fair. And I'd also point to the $17 million from the DHS as a non-recurring item. So if you really wanted to normalize, you'd take out both of those.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. But both of those things were already contemplated in the guidance, so that's not a back-out versus the guidance. It's just more kind of back out to a clean base number.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: That's fair.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And I guess, I'm trying to figure out how to think about the calcimimetics for the rest of the year. I just had to model it. My guess is the answer is that it's not going to be a big earnings driver no matter how it plays out. But is the assumption that that number should kind of decline over time throughout the year as the company gets better at kind of moving to generics and managing the utilization of that drug, so we should be kind of assuming less of a boost to revenue and also less of a cost (17:20) number be relatively stable to Q1?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: I think the beginning, Kevin, is  where you started out is the right way to think about it, which is in aggregate, it'll be economic neutral to slight positive, and there would be a temporary up if generics come out. So, that's probably the best way to think about it.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. But we should kind of think of a revenue cost effectively it comes down a little bit as the year goes on?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: I think, right now, we don't have visibility of that because the best way to think of it is we've had some operational changes in where it goes and what line item. But clinically, we're not seeing any change of yet, so hard to predict what you're asking.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then, maybe the last question. It's in the commentary around the CapEx spending and it seemed like for the first time  I don't know if you guys were ever against home hemo certainly. I think you always viewed it as an important part of the benefit. But it almost sounded like you were planning on doing it a lot more prospectively and that was a maybe initiative that we haven't really seen from you in the past. Has something changed there about your view about the need for  or the opportunity in home hemo over the next few years versus how you thought about it over the last few years?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: I don't know. Kevin, this is KT. We have been a leader in growing PD and HHD for the last decade relative to most of the community, big or small, for profit or not for profit. And so, it's been a significant part of our last decade. It's had an impact on de novo decisions and CapEx decisions, et cetera. And so, we are continuing to consider it as one of the very important variables in making regional strategic decisions. And so, maybe it's a slight change, but it's actually just pretty darn consistent with what we've been doing for a decade, and we're going to maintain the same intensity level going forward as far as to where we are today compared to ten years ago.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Any reaction to the CVS announcement around they're trying to push into home hemo on dialysis?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Kevin, this is Javier. I've gotten the question asked by many people, and the reality is that we don't know exactly what they're going to do since there's not a lot of details out there. As you know, we've had intense competition in the past, and we are working hard and we will do so to compete effectively going forward.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Lake of Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. So just want to go back and make sure I'm crystal clear on the $47 million. So you're saying whatever number you end up with this year in terms of EBIT or operating income, I should take $47 million out of that number as the right jump-off rate to go into 2019?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: I'm sorry, Justin. It's Joel. I apologize. Can you say that again? You're asking about the annual run rate against which you would compare 2019?
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, Joel. Basically, what I'm asking here is if you do $1.5 billion in operating income, right, Kidney Care income, I need to back $47 million out of that to think about the right jump-off rate for growth in 2019, because that $47 million is not going to recur next year.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. I think it's $41 million. It's $24 million plus $17 million. But I think you're thinking about it correctly that these are non-recurring, not...
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Well, there's going to be another $6 million to $8 million next quarter.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: I'm sorry. Yeah. So that's fair. Yeah.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Just wanted to make double sure I'm clear there. So then in terms of commercial mix, can you give us an update there on any changes in the quarter? And maybe even tell us the impact on revenue per treatment, either sequentially or year-over-year from commercial mix change?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Justin, as you know, we don't guide quarterly on mix. What I can sort of state because it feels so important is that we are in a normal environment, and in the past quarters we tried to give you a little sense of what that meant in our portfolio. And right now we're in a stable period, and that's reflected in our revenue per treatment and in our guidance.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. So stable commercial mix?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: There's nothing that I'm  that I would give you additional detail. How's that? It's embedded in our guidance.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. So  okay. So maybe I can come at it another way, then Kent. I think you talked fairly positively about commercial pricing and contracting coming into 2018. So I just want to try to understand how this squares up to, it looks like about a $1 increase in core revenue per treatment. I know the Medicare rates are almost zip, but I think you get $1 there. So why is the commercial price driving a little bit more of an increase there if mix is stable?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: I'm going to take a stab at it, Justin, although there's a lot of puts and takes, of course, but I think the primary point that we made last quarter or last quarter and the prior quarter was that we had an unusual and positive level of long-term stability baked into five out of the six largest contracts we have. And so it was more about the stability at what we think are reasonable rates. That was a distinction from much of their prior year's history.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And when you talk about reasonable rates, I always have thought about those as more like 2% to 3%. Is that what we're seeing there, kind of inflationary-type rates?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. I don't think we want to start giving answers on specific percentage changes, given we're always involved with all sorts of negotiations with all sorts of payers. And again, the point we made, which was a positive one for shareholders, was about the longer-term nature of a lot of the contracts, especially the big contracts, and at rates that we think are reasonable and fair. So those were words we hadn't been able to say for the prior year or two or maybe even three. And so it was good for you all to know that. But we really have never gone quarter-by-quarter or year-by-year talking about weighted average commercial increases, because that then can get in the way of our negotiations.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. I'll jump back in the queue. Thanks, guys.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thanks, Justin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gary Taylor of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Good afternoon. I just want to go to the shared savings in the quarter. Maybe could you just remind us a little bit, what participation you have that's driving that? Because I know it added about $14 million in the fourth quarter, and I guess technically you said, don't assume that would recur in the fourth quarter. You didn't necessarily say it may not recur ever. So was this quarter a surprise? But just kind of remind us where you're participating and the scale of that? And why you don't think you might have equivalent earnings from the program next year?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: I'm sorry, Gary. Could you repeat?
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. On the shared savings, earnings contribution, the $17 million you're talking about. In the fourth quarter, you had about $14 million and you suggested we probably shouldn't assume that recur. So it looks like this came in better. Could you just kind of remind us the scale of your participation and why you don't think these types of earnings would continue going forward?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Those were non-recurring settlements with one of our clients. And so they don't reflect any sort of ongoing profit flow. And that's why we used the phrase non-recurring. So that reflects some good business success, but it's not a regular operating result. It was more a negotiated result after the first phase of a big project.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Two more quick ones. I thought Joel said excluding  I presume this is what he meant  excluding the calcimimetics impact that dialysis segment revenue per treatment would be in line with last year. Were you speaking to the quarter or were you talking about 2018 overall versus 2017?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: So, Gary, I said it would be up about $1, which is Q1 2018 over Q4 2017. That's backing out calcimimetics as well as the Medicare bad debt recovery.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. You didn't make a comment about the full year of 2018? Maybe I just didn't understand that correctly.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: No, I didn't.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Last question. So you called about $19 of revenue per treatment impact from calcimimetics. Fresenius this morning said $11. Any thoughts on why your number is more sizable than theirs? I know you guys do plenty of market intelligence.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: No. We obviously were told of their number, but we don't have a good reason for the difference.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thanks, Gary.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lisa Clive at Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Lisa Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Hi. A few questions. First, just on the California situation, thank you for the detail on that. We heard from Fresenius earlier today that it sounds like Arizona may not be moving forward. It would be great to just hear your views on where things stand on whether a question gets on the ballot in Arizona and Ohio. And also SEIU has apparently budgeted about $15 million to push the initiative at least in California. I believe Javier mentioned that it wasn't just the dialysis industry joining the fight on this. So I assume that means you'll get sort of financial help from other interested parties, but it would just be helpful to understand the approach here. And second, you mentioned the Dialysis PATIENTS Care Act is getting a lot of attention. Do you have any specific piece of legislation that you have your sights on as a vehicle for this? Do you think there's enough time before election season and campaigning really kicks off? Or will this more likely be a 2019 event? And then just lastly, could you just give us an update on the acute market in U.S. Dialysis? FMC seemed to allude to, I think, losing a contract in acute care. I was just wondering if you've picked up anything in particular there and whether that was part of your fairly strong organic growth in the quarter.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Okay, Lisa. Let's take them in order. The first one on Arizona and Ohio and what's going on with the ballot initiatives. While we hear rumors, there's no real confirmation whether it has dropped out in Arizona and Ohio. So we continue to be optimistic in both states. And as it relates to the size of the investment, of course, we're going to try and get as many people to participate economically, and we will do what it takes to make sure that our patients' and our teammates' voice, shareholders' voice is represented. So too early to tell. As you know, these campaigns can have major fluctuations in the size of the investment depending on how they play out. And so I don't know. Did I get to all the points on the ballot there?
Lisa Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Yeah. Actually, just one follow-up, there is still no real major costs for fighting these initiatives included in the guidance. Correct?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: That's correct.
Lisa Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Okay.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Okay. On the last one, and I think I'll let Kent talk about the policy point. Let me just take on the acute. We have worked very hard in our acute business to make sure that we keep pricing discipline and we work hard to stay profitable. We win and obviously sometimes we lose accounts, but the business continues to be a good contributor for us. And this high flu season actually had some give and takes from our center into the hospital, but it is a good business for us.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: And on PATIENTS Act, it's just really hard for all the reasons you know to guess what might be available as a vehicle. There's certainly going to be some legislation that passes before January 1, 2019, because they have to do certain things, although sometimes they seem to be able to avoid doing even what they have to do. So I say that without total certainty but certainly very high probability, and we'll be competing with other people for whatever vehicles exist. And whether that's in the second half of 2018 or the first half of 2019 is just pretty difficult to handicap.
Lisa Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Okay, thanks.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Lake of Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. One more numbers question in terms of the revenue per treatment. Just want to confirm that the shared savings dollars don't flow through revenue per treatment, that $17 million, right. That flows through ancillary?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Correct.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then getting back to the SEIU and, Javier, I know you said they're coming on multiple avenues, so maybe we could just talk about a couple of the other ones. The SEIU and some plans joined to send a letter to CMS on patient assistance. Curious if there's any feedback from CMS here on their thoughts regarding their willingness to reengage here.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Justin. As it relates to the letter to the Secretary, I would just say that it is normal for the new Secretary to get involved and for some of the people to try to respin-up the story because of their special interest. We, of course, have responded, and the AKF has responded because that letter has a lot of misleading allegations and a lot of things that had been debunked by the community, just factual things that need to be debunked. So in general, we have not heard back from them, but we know that the counter-response that the American Kidney Fund letter has on their website is very, very good and very clear. And so we're happy at the response, and we have not heard whether they're engaged. The other thing that's important to consider is that the numbers speak for themselves. The individual market medical cost attributable to ESRD is just lower now than the group market. And so what that means is that the risk distribution is now in favor of the plan. And so the numbers speak for themselves that there's no there-there. And so I'm hoping that when they look at the facts, they will reach the same conclusion.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. And then just in California, on the legislative side, looked like there was some legislation introduced to, I guess, force the dialysis community or the AKF, I guess, to disclose any patients that are getting charitable assistance. So I want to make sure I'm understanding that correctly, and what you think the potential impact? I'd love to hear your thoughts on whether it passes or not. But if we just assume that it did, what would the potential impact be that you should think we should consider?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: I think, Justin, you're talking about SB 1156, the Senate Bill, which is again a payer and a union with a different agenda and trying to put some kind of restriction on CPA and sort of the typical thing that we've disclosed where the payer is wanting to avoid coverage for the sick, and the union is trying to lever the dialysis industry. So what we're trying to do is obviously, work with the legislation to educate them. And this bill is more extensive than dialysis, not just the AKF. And so we will be working with other constituents to make sure that legislators are educated.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And just following up on Gary's question around the run rate, or this $17 million or the run rate on the shared savings, is there a run rate that we could think about as being a reasonable contribution for your participation in these plans that we should think? And maybe it's not $17 million. Or  but should we assume that they're zero next year?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. I think zero is a safer assumption going forward.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: And given that you're participating in these, are you saying that you don't see yourself participating going forward? Or you don't think there will be any savings to share? Why would it be zero?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: It's a very small startup operation, Justin, with disproportionate expenses relative to its business base. And so there's going to be ups and downs and puts and takes. In the context of the broader enterprise, they're going to be really tiny. And so it just, I think, makes sense to call it a neutral, and then we'll wait and see if at some point it starts to generate numbers that are worthy of your attention.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. Got it. In terms of, Joel, you gave us some helpful numbers in understanding what your true economic CapEx was, and I really appreciated that. You mentioned you're evaluating opportunities to lower CapEx. You talked about center construction cost by adding capacity. I assume you mean you're going to increase capacity at existing centers? Meaning almost knock down a wall and put another set of chairs in there, relative to building an entire another center? Decreasing...
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: I'm sorry, Justin. My comment was about increasing capacity utilization, not about increasing capacity. So it actually would not require any marginal CapEx.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. So I guess what I was really trying to get to here is just if you saw yourself as being successful there, relative to the $800 million run rate that you talked about for next year, if you hit on all of these things, how much of a dent in CapEx do you think that could make?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: So I appreciate the question. I know exactly where you're coming from. It is just too early for us to speculate on if this initiative will be successful and at what magnitude.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. I apologize. I'm rambling off because I think I'm the last person to ask a question here. So I won't get back to jump in the queue. So I got one more for you. In terms of  it's good to see that you're looking at your stock as an attractive investment. You're buying it ahead of the expected DMG close. So, one, it makes everyone, I assume, think that you feel pretty confident that this deal is going to close despite the regulatory timeline. But as importantly, when this does close, it sounds like it's going to close before we might have clarity on the ballot initiative. Do you see yourself potentially stepping forward and doing something even more material once you have full visibility on the close and have access to that cash while the stock is in this limbo, or do you think that's not something that you could see yourself doing?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Justin, we're not going to speculate on timing and process and methodology for the share buybacks. We're committed to the buybacks as we've talked about in the past. How exactly those will play out is very hard to predict.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. I'll leave it there then. Thanks, guys.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We show no further questions on queue.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Okay. Thank you all very much for your time, attention and questions. And we'll work hard for you in between now and our next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-14 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - Vice President of Investor Relations Kent Thiry - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Javier Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, DaVita Kidney Care Joel Ackerman - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Justin Lake - Wolfe Research Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates Inc. Lisa Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Gary Taylor - Raymond James & Associates Inc.
Operator: Good evening. My name is Eric, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And, Mr. Gustafson, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, Eric, and welcome everyone to our fourth quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. And with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Joel Ackerman, our CFO; Javier Rodriguez, CEO of DaVita Kidney Care; Jim Hilger, our Chief Accounting Officer; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. Please note that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our third quarter earnings release out earlier today and our SEC filings including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Our forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to us and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release filed with the SEC and available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent Thiry: Thank you, Jim, and thanks to all of you out there for your continued interest in our enterprise. We are first and foremost a clinical care-giving company. And as is our custom, I'll start with talking about clinical spotlight before I move into a high-level summary; and then, Joel and Javier will take care of the follow-up. Flu, as we've seen in all the major media is the leading cause of hospitalizations in general and even more so in the ESRD population. The current flu season is especially severe, vaccinations significantly reduce the risk even in a difficult year like this and we vaccinated over 94% percent of our patients, which is a very distinctive percentage, and many years in a row where we have outperformed the norm in this all-important category. Now, onto a high-level summary of the quarter itself. It was a good quarter for DaVita Kidney Care. And we carry solid amount into 2018 and 2019. There's a lot of noise in this quarter's numbers due to a bunch of factors including the DMG sale and tax reform, and Joel will step through a bunch of that to help you navigate. But the bottom line is it was a good quarter. We have good operating momentum. And we continue to generate strong cash flows and we will deploy a significant amount of those cash flows towards share repurchases as the quarters roll on. Onto Javier, for DaVita Kidney Care.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Kent, and good afternoon. Let me dive right in. I'll provide some details on the main drivers of the business and Joel will cover the financial results in more detail. First, our non-acquired growth for the quarter was 3.5%, approximately flat versus the third quarter of 2017 after normalizing for the impact of the hurricanes. Next, net dialysis revenue per treatment came in consistent with recent quarters, as we think about 2018. I'd break it down between government and commercial revenues. As you know, 2018 Medicare rates updates is essentially flat and will be a headwind for margins for all dialysis providers. As it relates to commercial revenues, there tends to be two questions: is there anything new on charitable premium assistance and how is the commercial environment? We believe that there's very little going on around the country on charitable premium assistance. And as it relates to the contracting environment, the conversations are back to their normal puts and takes. Onto the cost side, like many other companies, we are experiencing a tight labor market with upward wage pressure. We continue to expect a 2% to 3% annual increase and don't see significant opportunity to offset this with productivity improvement in the near term. With labor cost inflation - sorry, with labor cost inflation continuing to outpace Medicare reimbursement, we will continue to feel margin pressure in the traditional Medicare fee-for-service business in 2018. With normal Medicare updates scheduled to resume in 2019, we expect these margin pressures to subside. Finally, we continue to be excited at the prospect of transforming patient care in the dialysis industry through PATIENTS Act. We currently have an unusual amount of bipartisan support in both chambers of Congress with more than 150 Cosponsors. We believe we have a real shot in getting this bill passed this year, but as always a significant lift to get transformative legislation passed. To wrap up 2017, we ended the year with adjusted operating income for kidney care of $1.616 billion, above our most recent 2017 adjusted guidance of $1.57 billion to $1.6 billion. Joel, will go into more detail on this in a moment. On to 2018 guidance, because of the pending DaVita Medical Group transaction, our Kidney Care guidance effectively becomes our guidance for operating income from continuing operations. For 2018, we continue to expect operating income of $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion for Kidney Care business. As a reminder, we have a one year over year accounting headwind of up to $100 million, as we finish the transition from profit share program to a 401(k) match program. With the old program, we accrued for the expenses in the calendar year before the pay-up. With the new program, we will accrue for the expenses as we pay it out. This accounting change created a one-year gap in 2017, when we did not need to accrue for such payout. To close out my remarks, I would like to follow-up on three variables that we discussed last quarter that could swing 2018 forecast. First, open enrollment period was in line with our initial expectations, we'll continue to monitor as the numbers slope throughout the year, and we'll keep you posted. Second, onto pharmaceuticals, as we have discussed before, calcimimetics, a drug, which taken by many ESRD patients to treat mineral bone disease just moved into our dialysis reimbursement with introduction of an injectable drug called Presibib [ph]. Reimbursement in the cost of calcimimetics are coming in line with expectations, but it's still too early to understand the full picture, until we get more data and volume and product mix. Physicians make individual prescription physicians based on each of the patients' needs to how they'll view the new drug option is very difficult to predict. Our view of the most probable range of outcomes continues to be included in our guidance and we plan to provide an update when we gain better visibility. Third, onto the ballot initiative being pursued by the union in California, we won't have much to report into later this year, and we have not included potential advocacy costs, in our guidance range. If initial - if the initiative does pass, we believe that it would have material adverse impact on the entire industry in California, it would likely make a large number of centers in California, financially unsustainable, which would severely limit patient access to outpatient dialysis care. We have also become aware that the unions pursuing a similar initiative in Ohio. We have not included any potential advocacy costs in Ohio in our guidance range either. Now onto our CFO Joel for financial results and details.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you, Javier. I will start with an overview of the financial results for the Kidney Care business as reflected in our continuing operations. Adjusted operating income for the fourth quarter plus $430 million, up approximately $26 million or 6% versus the third quarter, although, the fourth quarter benefited from a couple of items that are outside our run rate. First, we've recognized $14 million shared savings revenue that our DaVita Health Solutions business earned throughout 2017. Second, we had $9 million onetime benefit in insurance expenses due to revaluation our reserves. As a reminder, adjusted operating income for the third quarter was $404 million, but this figure was negatively impacted by approximately $14 million due to the hurricane season. The fourth quarter was shorter by one-half treatment day relative to the third quarter, which accounts for most of this difference. For our U.S. dialysis and lab business, our reported revenue per treatment net of provision for bad debt was up $0.49 per treatment quarter-over-quarter. Underlying this are two largely offsetting unusual items. First, we've recognized approximately $20 million in cash receipts that we have previously reserved that flow through the gross revenue line. This was offset by $23 million increase in our provision for bad debts to address our higher estimates of patient pay receivable write-offs for all of 2017. To comply with the new revenue accounting standard, starting with the first quarter of 2018, you'll start to see a few changes and additions to our disclosures. I want to highlight two in particular. First, we will only be reporting revenue per treatment net of provision for bad debt. Second, we expect to recognize the benefit of approximately $30 million in the first four months of 2018 from a change and how we account for Medicare bad debt recoveries. Prior to 2018, we've recognized these recoveries only after attempting to collect, which takes approximately four months. Under the new rules, we will estimate and recognize estimated Medicare bad debt recoveries at the time of treatment. I refer you to our Form 10-K to be filed later this month for additional details. Our patient care costs were down approximately a $0.11 per treatment quarter-over-quarter. As a reminder, our patient care cost in the third quarter of 2017 was higher by approximately $1 per treatment due to the hurricane impact. U.S. dialysis and lab segment G&A costs were down approximately $1.69 per treatment sequentially due to lower outside professional fee expense and normal quarterly fluctuations. For fiscal 2017, G&A was approximately 3% per treatment - was down approximately 3% per treatment year-on-year. As G&A always had some quarterly variability, the annual G&A per treatment is a better result to use for your go-forward modeling. Lastly, please keep in mind that our first quarter tends to be the weakest quarter of the each year due to seasonality with two fewer treatment days in Q4 flu impacts and higher payroll taxes. A few words on the DMG sale, as a reminder we announced in December that we entered into an agreement to sell DaVita Medical Group to Optum. We are working with Optum on required regulatory approvals and continue to target closing in 2018. It has been a very productive working relationship and we look forward post close to the additional long-term benefit that the business will get from our relationship with Optum and United. Because of the pending transaction, the DMG business has been reclassified as held for sale and the results of operations are reported as discontinued operations. In addition, prior period presentations have been revised to conform to current year presentation. In the fourth quarter, DMG generated operating loss of $23 million. This includes operating results, which were negatively impacted by a bad flu season and both direct and indirect financial impact from the transaction, including the shift to held for sale accounting. In addition, we recognized the tax benefit of $164 million in order to recognize deferred tax assets require upon the classification of DMG as held for sale. The net impact of all these items is that we reported $144 million gain as one line on the income statement as discontinued operation. On to international, our strategy is evolving under the direction of the new leadership, the result has an increased focus on core markets, where we are well positioned to achieve scale and drive clinical and financial value. Also, as we discussed last quarter, we restructured our international organization to streamline our reporting structure and reduce administrative cost, and anticipate this will save $6.5 million in annual G&A expense in 2018. As a result of these strategic changes, including changes in expectations concerning the JVs available market opportunities. We are taking a non-cash write-down of our investment in the Asia Pacific JV up $280 million, which reverse is much of the $381 million non-cash gain we booked in 2016 and 2017 from the creation of this joint venture. Adjusted operating losses from our international business was $46 million for fiscal year 2017, which included $2 million in impairment charges, $4 million in prior period adjustments and $8 million in foreign currency losses. This was in line with revised guidance that we had provide - previously provided for 2017. As we have discussed in recent quarter, we expect to achieve breakeven operating income in late 2018. This is incorporated in our enterprise guidance for continuing operations for 2018. Next some information on taxes, to account for the impact of U.S. tax reform legislation passed in December, we've recognized one-time reduction of tax expense of $252 million in the quarter. This is the net gain to remeasured our deferred assets and liabilities to reflect our expected go forward tax rate. Excluding this and other one-time items, our adjusted effective tax rate on continuing operations was 40.4% in the quarter and 39.1% for 2017. As we continue to review the impact of the recently announced tax reform, we now expect our effective tax rate from continuing operations in 2018 to be 26.5% to 27.5%. Despite moving up to bottom end of the range by 50 basis points, we continue to expect 2018 income tax expense reduction of $110 million to $130 million from tax reform. Now cash flow, enterprise operating cash flow for 2017 was $1.907 billion, within our previously provided guidance. For 2018, we will provide cash flow guidance for continuing operations in light of our expectation that the DMG sale will close this year. We expect operating cash flow from continuing operations to be $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. This guidance reflects the benefit of tax reform from both the lower effective tax rate and the accelerated depreciation of certain capital expenditures. This cash flow guidance excludes any cash flows from DaVita Medical Group, although investors should keep in mind that we will still own the cash flows from this business, up until the date the transaction closes. In 2018, we expect to spend $925 million in CapEx on continuing operations, roughly evenly split across maintenance and development CapEx. This is an increase of approximately $100 million from 2017. But most of this increase is due to expenditures we do not expect to recur in 2019. So holding all else equal, we expect our CapEx in 2019 to be closer to our 2017 levels. For the full year 2017, we repurchased 13 million shares of our common stock or nearly 7% of our shares outstanding at the beginning of the year. During Q4 2017, we re-purchased 7.4 million shares. We have also repurchased approximately 900,000 shares this year through February 12, 2018. Now, I'll turn it over Kent for some closing remarks.
Kent Thiry: If you'll excuse a little bit of redundancy, I'll make three points before we turn to Q&A. Number one, it's early in the process, but the DMG transaction is proceeding on track. Number two, it was a good quarter for DaVita Kidney Care, and they have good operating momentum. And this reflects the fact that we continue to have a very solid platform in DaVita Kidney Care, our U.S. Kidney Care business. Third and finally, we expect to continue to generate strong cash flows and we expect to be thoughtful in the deployment of this cash to benefit you, through a combination of share repurchases, substantial continued Kidney Care growth and a limited number of investments in other healthcare service areas. On to Q&A please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kevin Fischbeck. Your line is open.
Kevin Fischbeck: Great. Thanks. I wanted to maybe follow up on the last comment about capital priorities, I guess, specifically the commentary about investments on the healthcare services. Any color you can provide there about the types of things that you might be looking at or how limited those investments might be? I think it's an area of some questions based upon how DMG didn't play out. We're trying to understand how far field you might be looking to go with these other investments.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So, I'll take that. Kevin, it's Joel here. So a few thoughts, first, we're thinking about this from a sector perspective, not from a deal perspective. We want to find sectors where we think we can evolve them over the next few decades, the way we have helped shape the Kidney Care sector over the past few decades. Second, we are hyper-focused on opportunities where we can add value, where we can take the core competencies we have developed over many decades and apply them to new sectors and new businesses. Third, we know some things we don't want to do. We are not going to become a health insurance company. We're not going to get into drugs or devices. We're not going to get into the hospital business, so healthcare service is a bit more narrowly defined than you might otherwise think. And finally, in terms of your question about scale, we're not looking at multi-billion-dollar deal, so we don't have a specific range. But I think it is safe to say, you're not going to see something at or near the scale of the DMG transaction.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. That's helpful. I guess, is there a way to think about it from the DMG proceeds. Is there - say, that the majority of it would be spent on share repurchase or is that not something that you can really definitely say at this point?
Joel Ackerman: Sure, so what we have said and continue to believe, first is we will pay down debt. We haven't changed our guidance around the range. And we expect to pay debt down to get back into the - our traditional range. Second, the majority of the remainder will be used for share repurchases.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay, I think you talked about 3, 3.5 times leverage. But then I think you also talked about being comfortable at the higher end of that range. Is that - is it 3.5 that you're talking about or the midpoint of that range? How do we think about that?
Joel Ackerman: So it's a complicated number, because after the deal closes there may be a period of distortion. How the share buybacks play out in reality remains to be seen and there's certainly a possibility that we will keep cash on the balance sheet to facilitate that over time, because the leverage level that we've talked about are always net, net of cash that excess cash on the balance sheet could create some distortion. But normalizing for that, we - again, we expect to be in that 3 to 3.5 range. Where exactly in that range we wind up remains to be determined over time.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then, last question for me, the sale of DMG. Is there anything that we should think about as far as stranded costs or things that couldn't be put as discontinued operations that either cost that can come out once that sale actually happens or that might be a drag prospectively after the sale happens?
Joel Ackerman: So I think it is safe to think of the continuing operation number that we are guiding you to as the forward runway - forward run rate, excuse me. We have worked hard and we will continue to work hard to ensure that there are no material stranded costs or dissynergies associated with the sale of DMG.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Kent Thiry: And, Kevin, I would add on the leverage ratio that we have made statements over the prior six months, nine months, whatever, saying within the context of our historical statements and guidance that we were leaning in a more positive way towards being higher and lower within that range. I think at this point, given everything that's going on in the markets the last month or two with respect to interest rates et cetera, I don't know if that particular refinement to the guidance is really still - is really still in place. So I think what you're looking at is, basically we're going to bring the same attitude and flexibility to it that we brought for a long time.
Kevin Fischbeck: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Lake. Your line is open. Justin Lake, please check your
Justin Lake: Sorry about that. Yeah, sorry about that. So first question, I just wanted to try to get as much color as I can on CapEx. Now, that you've got or in the process of divesting DMG, you talked about CapEx of $925 million, I guess, $825 million is more the run rate you want us to think about longer term. I compare that to a depreciation number that's closer to $500 million. And I just want to understand the use of cash here. Can you break that down, that $825 million, let's say, run rate too for us in any way in terms of maybe U.S. versus international, maybe some numbers around the - with the cost to develop new centers verses just other areas beyond maintenance and developing new centers that we should be thinking about?
Kent Thiry: Sure, so let me see if I can help out. We're not going to break out international. But as I said in the script, that number splits roughly evenly between maintenance and development. I think an important component to understand about the development is we have done more and more self-development of our clinics over time. And what that means is we build the clinic and then we sell it. We believe that drives a cost savings on the construction of the clinic. What I would point you to in the cash flow statement is a line called proceeds from asset sales, which is a positive cash flow number associated with the sale of the self-developed clinics. And as you are thinking about the total picture of our cash flow, I think, it is fair to incorporate that positive complete piece of the cash flow in to the overall thinking.
Justin Lake: Okay, Joel. Is there - in terms of the development dollars, can you tell us what those development dollars? I'm just trying to understand - what like - how do you think of our capital from the perspective of returns on capital? Just given how much more significant the CapEx is here versus your run rate depreciation, and relative to your total cash flow you're generating?
Joel Ackerman: So in terms of how we think about capital deployment, look, we've got a very structured approach to how we think about capital and whether it drives a wide growth and appropriate return on capital. The development is the biggest component of that is building new clinics. And those historically have been a high return on capital investment for us. So I don't know that a whole lot has changed around that.
Justin Lake: Okay. Just last question on this. What is the cost for developing new clinic, right now?
Joel Ackerman: Roughly $2 million.
Justin Lake: Okay. So that's what runs through CapEx for new clinic development?
Joel Ackerman: Roughly.
Justin Lake: Okay, great. I'll jump back in the queue. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Frank Morgan. Your line is open.
Frank Morgan: Good afternoon. My question surrounds the growth in the international. Obviously, you had the charge on the Asia Pacific JV, but does that in any way change your view over international growth and when do you really start to see the international business growth? Thanks.
Joel Ackerman: So no. It doesn't change the view of international growth. I would split the growth into two components, revenue growth and OI growth. The revenue growth as you can see from the reported results continues to be relatively high from an OI perspective, which is probably what you're more interesting of, and we standby what we've said last quarter, which is we expect to get to breakeven in the later part of 2018. So from a year-over-year perspective, you'll see significant growth.
Frank Morgan: Got you. Maybe one more, as Kent made referenced to commercial pricing. And I'm just curious as you go through the commercial pricing and contracting, are there any significant contracts that are left out there that need to be negotiated? And then are you seeing any change in the appetite of these commercial players to look at value based elements in their contracting? Thank you.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you. There is nothing to highlight as unresolved on the payor contracting, we have normal renewals that come up, but I wouldn't point anything out. If anything, we are more contracted right now, meaning that there's less renewals than usual. And as it relates to value-based - it really depends on the payor and their appetite of how to structure the contracts that we are seeing the wide range of nothing all the way to P4P et cetera. So there's not been a material change in the structure of our contracts.
Frank Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Whit Mayo. Your line is open.
Whit Mayo: Hey, thanks. Maybe just starting on the Kidney Care business, the cost per treatment was down over $4 year-over-year, one of the lowest numbers we've seen in two years and besides from perhaps the Amgen purchasing contracts. Are there any other factors worth mentioning, I think you referenced some hurricane distortion from the third quarter? But is there anything else to call out?
Javier Rodriguez: There is two pieces. The Amgen thing that you mentioned on EPOGEN in the 401(k) $100 million that we discussed on the front end of the call, we did not incur approximately $100 million of what we used to call profit share in our 401(k).
Whit Mayo: Great. Okay, helpful. And then G&A same thing down 10% year-over-year on a per treatment basis, and I think, I heard you referenced lower professional fees. Any more color you can share and just how sustainable that number is as we look at 2018?
Javier Rodriguez: The number we have is a little different on a per treatment basis, but we're seeing is that when you annualize the number, it's roughly in the $27 per treatment, and we expect that to be in that range. I don't think there is anything to call out on professional fees.
Whit Mayo: Okay. Must just be having a bad number here and maybe two other quick ones real quick. On the topic of calcimimetics, I'm just kind of curious what the feedback has been from your nephrology partners at this point, and you have any sense of reference at this point, were they're leaning, what the pros and cons of the IV versus the oral drugs are?
Javier Rodriguez: We do not. We have very little data right now. And as you know, there is going to be a lot of variables in this one category, because we have both an oral going into IV. It's going to go from Part D as in dog to Part B as in boy. And then the oral is going to have an introduction of generics. So there is going to be a lot of moving pieces right now, and I think physicians are wanting to see publications, and seeing how this plays out in the marketplace. So right now, we are not seeing a lot of change yet.
Whit Mayo: And when this - because the drug is now reimbursed under Part B, can DaVita Rx play a role in dispensing this drug?
Javier Rodriguez: DaVita Rx is dispensing the drug now.
Whit Mayo: Okay. And - that's it. That's all I got. Thanks, guys.
Javier Rodriguez: And just to clarify, that's the oral drug
Whit Mayo: That's dispensing?
Javier Rodriguez: that's dispensing.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Ransom. Your line is open.
John Ransom: Hey, good afternoon. A couple of things for me, I may have missed it. But did you call of this pharmacy? How should we think about the pharmacy year-over-year comparisons, and your 2018 guidance versus your 2017? You mentioned that was a tough year for that business.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, I think the way that we've talked about Rx right now will hold, which is the changes we had from 2016 to 2017 will be in our run rate. And then of course, because of all the things that we've explained in the past, I won't go through each and every other category. And so we - of course, we're monitoring all the things are happening in the pharma space, and as you know some drugs will go generic and so on and so forth. So we will monitor what that does to our economic model. But we of course keep going back to the clinical piece of it, and how much we like it when our patients have 10 prescriptions and 20 pills medication management is a real gift to us. But of course, we have to make the economic model work.
John Ransom: So in other words very minimal EBITDA in 2018 not much 2017, so the macro environment, you're really not able to may contribute that, just given some of the issues in the macro environment? I don't mean to put words in your mouth, but that's what I think I heard you saying.
Joel Ackerman: No. What I'm saying is that the environment is quite dynamic. And we will continue to monitor it and adjust, but we continue to like the story that it's for the patient and managing this, and of course, we have to make the economics works for all our constituents.
John Ransom: Okay. The second question is, I mean, this is a tougher sounding question and I mean it, but just looking at the pharmacy, looking at international, looking at DMG, looking at international - yeah, I said international. It's hard to conclude that any of that has just been wonderful success. So when you stray outside your core. So I guess, I'm just wondering why you think the aforetime will be the charm as you start looking at other areas of healthcare service? I know you rolled out a bunch of stuff, but it doesn't look like that has been a great experience so far. But, look, I know people who have been married five times. So there's always hope. I just was wondering what lessons learned, and why you want to go back to that particularly well.
Kent Thiry: Yeah. It's Kent here, John. That's a very fair question, and I mean, go ahead and throw some thoughts and then you feel free to further follow-up. First, the DMG was a very disappointing performance. Having said that, we took a lot of cash out along the way, and also had some nice benefits from the Kidney Care side during the period in which we owned it in terms of enhancing our integrated care capability. But it doesn't change the fact that it was disappointing in the end. The - it's important to remind people, by far, the primary driver the disappointing performance were reimbursement reductions, not operating performance. And clearly very thoughtful other people felt it was still a very valuable asset with a live upside potential. And people who know the business as well or better than anyone. But the short-term, and the immediate operating performance was what it was, largely driven by the reimbursement cuts, and then, we decided was in your best interest rather than continue to pursue what we still think was very substantial long-term potential in which several other people thought had a lot of long-term potential, because it was reflected in the multiple they paid. But rather than do that, it was in a risk adjusted basis better for us to do take the return on capital now in addition to the return on capital we earned along the way. And then, on Rx it has been a big clinical success, and has had around of several profitable years in addition to being a strategic asset, we will see what happens now, but by many measures up to this point, it's been a very good success and a very important part of our Kidney Care portfolio. And now there's an awful lot going on in the pharma space that wouldn't have been predictable three, four, five years ago. And then just as a more conceptual question without going into international in detail then we do think, we've learned a lot from the experiences we've had, and it's important to look at the root cause of why they turned out, where they did. And just as there are times you can buy something, have it do quite well, and it's not a reflection of exactly what your deal premises were, what's your operating performance was, and you don't want to persuade yourself that you're brilliant at that point. So we think it's in the best interest - the best long-term interest of our shareholders to deploy a fraction of our cash flow towards, so you're looking at new long-term growth opportunities. In the same way that, 18 years ago, we decided that dialysis despite the fact it had a lot of works and some people had lost a bunch of money was worth sticking with, and our business model was worth sticking within. And we are very happy that we made that call 16, 17, 18 years ago, where it would have been easy to cut our losses and leave it.
John Ransom: Thanks, Kent. My other question is, just going back to the question on CapEx. I guess, I was thinking wrongly as it turns out, but given that you're selling DMG and give that you're kind of narrowing your focus on international. We have thought maybe CapEx would perhaps step down a bit from where it had been. So should we think about you're taking what your spending international and DMG. And you're doubling down on those things. Just because it looks like CapEx - I mean, obviously, your sales going up this year. The significant [ph] stay flat. It just surprising to me this staying flat given that you're paring down in there in your focus?
Kent Thiry: Well, let me just make one comment. Just recall that DMG was a business with very positive cash flow characteristics, meaning they're net cash flow relative to CapEx, et cetera.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So I don't think we commented from that angle of saying, how are we going to redeploy cash that we might have deployed somewhere else. It's much more of a question of what are the options for this cash flow between paying down debt returning to the shareholders making new investments or investing in Kidney Care. So that's the angle we commented from. And with all those angles we use kind of a similar lens, which says, is this kind of drive OI growth and is this going to drive attractive risk adjusted returns on capital.
John Ransom: So I mean, in the CapEx, that DMG was non-zero, I don't think you ever disclosed it. I don't know why I had $100 million number in my mind. Is that - am I thinking about that wrong?
Kent Thiry: I don't know that we disclosed it. And offhand, I don't think anyone of us know. And we wouldn't say anything without wanting to confirm its accuracy, and that we had the right definition. So I'm afraid for both the reason that we'd have to make sure we nailed down the definition and not sure what we've disclosed historically, we can't answer right off the cuff here.
John Ransom: It's a lot easier to [see it from the help without the regard for facts to get off it and in my life quite frankly] [ph]. All right, I understand. All right, thanks so much. That's all for me.
Kent Thiry: All right, thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lisa Clive. Your line is open.
Lisa Clive: Hey, thanks. Two question for me. Could you give us just an update on where ACA sign-ups actually came in? How many were on the exchange? How many off the exchange? Am I right that you had about 3,000 patients on and off exchange, once the Medicaid patients sort of went away? And something like 1,800 of those had premium support. I'm just curious as to what the latest numbers compare versus those historicals. And also, are you expecting any clarity through new rules from CMS on the guidelines around premium support for the ACA plans?
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, thanks, Lisa. Your numbers that you recited are the numbers that we disclosed several months ago. And we're not going to keep updating those. Those numbers are pretty stable. So there is not a big story in those numbers, is probably the right way to think about it. And as it relates to a rule, as I said in the earlier comments, we're not seeing a lot. The one thing, the one dynamic that really appears, that momentum is that both providers and government would like clarity as to how we provide the education. And so, we all want to do it the right way. And so, we will see how - what vehicle that comes in. But we don't have any additional information as to whether there is going to be rule making or not.
Lisa Clive: Okay. Thanks. And then a final question. Could you just give us an update on your thinking about ESCO? Clearly, the financial structure is not deal. It's retrospective and Medicare has a lot of leeway in terms of what the benchmarks are. But the initial results you've achieved have been pretty good. And I know the Patient Care Act is making its way through D.C. But I'd imagine that probably wouldn't establish a new payment framework for several years. So what do you do in the meantime around integrated care?
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, and we would like the PATIENTS Act. And if the bill passes, actually it has to start in 2019. So it would be pretty much a very quick ramp-up. If the PATIENTS Act doesn't pass, we of course, will stare at the options, whether we want to grow the ESCOs or not. Right now, the ESCO enrollment is not open. And so, we will have to see what CMS guides us on and where we stand if we don't get the PATIENTS Act.
Lisa Clive: Great. Thanks very much.
Kent Thiry: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Taylor. Your line is open.
Gary Taylor: Hi, thank you. Just a couple of quick tie-ups and then one question. If I could parse a bit, is that in the 2018 guidance, there is a good guy?
Joel Ackerman: Yes.
Gary Taylor: And if, I mean, care to quantify or not?
Joel Ackerman: No, and for all the reasons I said it earlier in the conversation, which is there is a lot of variables right now for us to be helpful. But it is included in our guidance with all the normal handicapping we do to the numbers.
Gary Taylor: Thanks. So want to make sure, you were ripping through some numbers pretty quickly. I want to make sure I get them correct. But in the fourth quarter, you were saying OI benefited from insurance reserve adjustment of $9 million and the $14 million of shared savings. That was all 4Q numbers, right?
Joel Ackerman: That's right.
Gary Taylor: And have you ever had shared savings number that you quantified before. And I guess, we're just trying to think about, should we think about next year and the fourth quarter, contemplating there might be something there?
Kent Thiry: I would not. First, we have never reported anything like that before and I would not model in this as being a kind of a Q4 recurring event.
Gary Taylor: Okay. And then on the bad debt, I'm trying to understand. You said there was about $20 million guy to gross revenue and $23 million bad guy on bad debt, both from some reconciliations. Were those - is there any color on like what was driving those? Were those in commercial revenue accruals or any help?
Kent Thiry: Yeah, so the bad debt was associated with, largely driven by an increase in uninsured patients. The cash receipts, the offsetting item is associated with a reserve we typically take associated with commercial revenue. And it has proven that our reserve was a bit conservative, so we had a bit of - a onetime reserve release there.
Gary Taylor: Got it. And then my last one, I mean, given that you are saying, you think commercial mix is pretty stable and you're back to a normal commercial rate environment, can you share what your expectations are for revenue per treatment growth in 2018, what's built into the guidance? We know Medicare is basically flat, so an overall basis what are you looking for?
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, we have not guided on revenue per treatment and we're not going to start right now. So I think the best thing to do is just keep to the OI range for now.
Gary Taylor: All right. Understood. Thank you.
Kent Thiry: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Lake. Your line is open.
Justin Lake: Thanks. I appreciate it. Let me jump back in. Bunch of things here. First, just deployment of the cash, are you going to get a significant amount of proceeds? [Of course, the field closure could] [ph] generate some cash in 2019 or I should say 2018. And if you think about deploying at the share repurchase is there any way to do that, just given the magnitude of it in an accelerated manner, whether it's an ASR or Dutch or something like that, any contemplation there?
Kent Thiry: So, Justin, those are certainly two options available to us as well as open market purchases. We are thinking through our strategy now. It will depend on a whole bunch of factors. And I don't expect that we will be giving a whole lot of color on how we anticipate doing this. It's just something we'll report on after it's done.
Justin Lake: Okay. Any of those factors specifically that you - we should be thinking about going into the decision?
Kent Thiry: There - look, there are a lot of factors including price, timing, other use of proceeds. But I don't think we have a formula or an algorithm we can guide you to.
Justin Lake: Okay. Then you mentioned that $30 million onetime benefit on Medicare recoveries from a timing perspective, right? Is that going to be a benefit of $30 million to OI in 2018?
Kent Thiry: Correct.
Justin Lake: Okay. And that's a good guy versus what you previously expected. Moving there, obviously you gave a range. So is that the reasonable way to think about it? And is there any other bad guys that we think should be offsetting that or should this move us out to the higher end of the range, all else being equal?
Kent Thiry: So this isn't a good guy relative to what we have been talking about before. Given the magnitude a dollar of RPT, it's not something we would necessarily, typically, call out there a bunch of things like this that flow through from a year-to-year basis on any given year. The reason we wanted to call it out this quarter was because it will drive a roughly $3 RPT increase in Q1, because that $30 million will be concentrated largely in the first three or four quarters of the year. So we just wanted to make sure you and everyone else knew it was coming.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then, on the provision for doubtful accounts, can you tell us which drove the increase in the number of uninsured patients you're seeing in the quarter? And do you expect this to be the new run rate going into 2018?
Kent Thiry: Sure. So that flows through the bad debt line. The other adjustment that I referred to flows through the gross revenue line. And because they offset and because of the new revenue accounting standards going forward, we're no longer going to report that gross number nor the bad debt number. So you'll only see the net number. So it is - I think it is safe to use the net RPT that we delivered in Q4 as a starting point for modeling 2018.
Justin Lake: Got it. But you're saying - the two aren't correlated, right? One, they weren't delineated to do with each other, right? One is collection of commercial and the other is an increase in uninsured patients. So there are others what's driving the increase in uninsured patients or am I mistaken it?
Kent Thiry: They are not connected. And so far, they're not necessarily driven by similar underlying business dynamics, if that's your question.
Justin Lake: Oh, no, I'm just curious what's driving the increase in uninsured patients in the first place. Is that something that just you feel like it's happened that's white noise or do you feel like that's - it sounds like you feel like this is the new run rate, so you're going to collect commercial at a higher rate and you're going to have more uninsured patients going forward as well. Is that right?
Kent Thiry: Right, that is our view going forward. I think if you want to think about this bad debt number. It's a few things. It's underinsured, it's uninsured, it's higher patient pay deductible. So I think some of these are broad trends you're seeing within the health insurance industry. That's probably as helpful as I can get.
Justin Lake: Okay. And I just got a few other numbers questions here to run through. The advocacy cost, you said there was nothing in for California and Ohio. Is there a number that you can think of that we should be prepared for if you do need to start advocating against the stuff in the back half of the year?
Joel Ackerman: No, it's a little early. And of course, there's a lot of play out before now and then. And as you know, these things can heat up or die down. And so, the number could be quite drastically different depending on the scenario.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then, lastly on the PATIENTS Act, have you've gotten a CBO score yet on this?
Joel Ackerman: No, we have not.
Justin Lake: Any idea what's holding that up? I know the government - and there's a lot going on and they're passing stuff day by day erodes [ph]. Is there a reason why given how long has it been out there that we haven't got a CBO score?
Joel Ackerman: It really is a couple of reasons that are quite straightforward. First, the CBO prioritizes stuff and with all the major legislative disputes and issues with tax reform, and all the stuff around healthcare, and the summer and the rest, and these people coming up with proposal after proposal after proposal. Everyone one of those sucks all the oxygen out of the room. And when there is not regular order, most of this stuff is typically done in very sort of a hectic, frenetic ways. And then, there's a huge amount of organizational fatigue and a huge queue of proposals. So that's one. The second is that the PATIENTS Act involves some pretty significant numbers and pretty significant complexity. It's really transforming an entire segment that has that potential. And so, it just deserves extra levels of rigor and sort of analyzing all the interdependencies about from both the policy and predicted behavioral point of view. It's not as simple as a lot of other legislation about changing something with a drug or changing something on readmission, reimbursement or whatever else. And so, it requires a lot of iteration. And, I guess, that's the third thing I will say. It's not as if they haven't been working on it or they haven't been communicating. There's been a huge amount of interaction between our congressional champions and the CBO, and between us and our congressional champions. And so, it's getting a huge amount of high quality of attention. It isn't sitting in the closet.
Justin Lake: That's great to hear. Just to hear, lastly, and is there any way that this has a cost component to it? Do you think it scores as a cost for the government over whatever period they're look at that, like 10 years?
Joel Ackerman: Justin, you've been around a long time also. Predicting what the CBO is going to do is not something that we're foolish enough to do. I mean, yeah, the answer to your question I guess is yes. It's not one can see a scenario where they presume cherry picking and some other stuff and say it would be a cost. We think very much it's going to be a tremendous favor for the system over the relevant timeframe. But we're not the ones doing the ultimate model and they got to protect themselves and tend to lean a little bit conservative. So, yes, they could come out with a cost. No, we don't think they should. But it wouldn't necessarily be low quality shoddy work if they did, because they've got a tough job of predicting all this stuff, so is that helpful?
Justin Lake: It is. I appreciate it, Kent, thanks.
Kent Thiry: Alrighty.
Operator: We show no further questions in queue at this time. [Operator Instructions]
Kent Thiry: All right, operator, that's good. Thank you all very much. And we look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-07 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - DaVita, Inc. Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc. Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc. Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc. LeAnne M. Zumwalt - DaVita, Inc.
Analysts: Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Patrick Wood - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good evening. My name is Jenny, and I'll be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remark there will be question-and-answer period. Thank you. Mr. Gustafson, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Jenny, and welcome everyone to our third quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. And with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Joel Ackerman, our CFO; Javier Rodriguez, CEO of DaVita Kidney Care; Jim Hilger, our Chief Accounting Officer; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. Please note that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning those risks and uncertainties, please refer to our third quarter earnings release out earlier today and our SEC filings including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Our forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to us and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release filed with the SEC and available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thanks, Jim and thanks everyone for joining our call. Before we get into the specifics of our Q3 financial performance and outlook, we'll start as we always do with our clinical performance. First within the DaVita Medical Group, the opioid epidemic, of course, is getting a great amount of publicity and appropriately so. Our Everett Clinic in Washington was recently awarded with the Washington State Medical Association's highest award for patient safety because of their work in this category. We had an amazingly robust program where we implemented pain scarring tools, risk assessment, urine screen and trainings supporting for providers. And were recognized by the community for the exemplary leadership that we demonstrated. Within DaVita Kidney Care, it's a good time to step back and stare at our cumulative accomplishment in the area of integrated care. If you look at the C-SNIPs that we've been involved with for 10 years or so, the outcomes are simply outstanding, just to name a few. 25% reduction in hospitalizations, 49% fewer readmissions, 66% lower CBC rates compared to the national average, et cetera, et cetera. And the recent ESCO data both from us and others further reaffirms the value, the potential, both clinical and economic, of integrated care. It is all relevant not only clinically for our community but for our shareholders as well because it seriously supports and reinforces the arguments for our PATIENTS Act where we'd build on these existing vehicles to really scale those integrated care accomplishment. As many of you probably noted, the bill was reintroduced with bipartisan support in the House and Senate in just the last couple of weeks. This proposal is scalable, it's sustainable, does not penalize high-quality providers like DaVita, and it gives nephrologist flexible and substantive participation options, more on that in the quarters to come. But now I'll turn it over to Joel Ackerman to discuss DaVita Medical Group.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Kent. Good afternoon. For the third quarter of 2017, DaVita Medical Group had an adjusted operating loss of $5 million, which excludes a $601 million non-cash goodwill impairment and other non-GAAP items. Before I discuss the drivers of this disappointing outcome, let me start by saying that we recognize that the business is not achieving our capital return expectations nor is it contributing to OI growth. We recognize the skepticism investors will have right now as a result, but we remain confident that the operational changes we are making will result in improved financial performance in the future. As a reminder, this business has a disproportionately high amortization load, $45 million for the quarter, which includes roughly $7 million related to the acceleration of our branding initiative and depreciation of $16 million for the quarter. Therefore, this quarter's adjusted operating loss of $5 million translates into an adjusted EBITDA of $55 million for the quarter. The outcome this quarter is primarily the result of two drivers. First, higher than expected medical costs, which represents about $30 million of impact. This is largely of the result of two things; increased utilization, driven by higher patient acuity than we have seen in the past; and by true-ups of prior period costs that impact our shared savings result. We anticipate the higher acuity seen during the year will result in increased revenue of approximately $30 million in 2018 as the new diagnoses of these patients will be reflected in our 2018 reimbursement. Second, the finalization of prior year Medicare Advantage payments, which we have historically received in the third quarter, was delayed by CMS. For your reference, this was a $13 million item in 2016. Despite this underperformance, we continue to make operational progress on the four drivers of improvement we laid out at our Capital Markets Day. However, the financial impact of these operational changes have yet to show up in our results. Of particular note, during Q3, we announced the restructuring that eliminated 350 non-clinical positions in DMG. We expect the resulting annualized savings to be approximately $40 million per year starting in 2018. Looking forward, we now expect full year 2017 adjusted operating income for DMG to be in the range of $50 million to $85 million. We plan to give 2018 DMG OI guidance in February on our fourth quarter earnings call. While we're not giving specific 2018 guidance at this time, we expect that DMG's 2018 operating income will be up from 2017 adjusted operating income for several reasons. First, we expect $40 million in savings next year from the recent restructuring, as I just mentioned. Second, $30 million of revenue increases that reflect the patient acuity increase, as I mentioned before. Third, we expect to benefit from four risk contracts that have or are near signing in our new markets. Finally, we've been making progress in re-contracting with payers in our legacy markets and have signed or substantively agreed with payers on improvements in terms covering approximately 25% of existing Medicare Advantage risk business. Overall, we're optimistic about our ability to drive increased revenue per member per month in 2018. We expect all of the above should more than offset the 2018 Medicare Advantage rate headwinds we have previously disclosed. For 2019 operating income, we continue to see reasonable scenarios that deliver operating income greater than $200 million through the four levers we discussed at our May Capital Markets Day despite the reduced expectations for 2017. Now I will turn it over to Javier Rodriguez to discuss Kidney Care.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Joel, and good afternoon. Before I go into the quarterly result, I want to take a moment to recognize the amazing caregivers responded to the hurricanes and floods during the past quarter. As the leader of Kidney Care, I am so proud of the team's passion, dedication, compassion and professionalism in a time of real crisis. From working multiple shifts back-to-back to rescuing stranded patients in their boat so they can be dialyzed, to traveling cross-country to allow the local team to take care of their displaced families. It was truly an inspiring period with heroic behavior from very caring teammates. Now onto the quarter. We had solid results for Kidney Care business. Adjusted operating income for the third quarter was $404 million, up approximately $3 million or 1% versus the second quarter, primarily driven by an extra treatment day. Our adjusted operating income included the negative financial impact of Hurricane Harvey and Irma, which we estimate to be approximately $7 million of higher cost and approximately $7 million of lost contribution from missed treatment and uncollected revenue from disruption to our billing process. The hurricane negatively impacted our non-acquired growth by approximately 25 basis points for the quarter, leaving our non-acquired growth for the quarter at 3.3%. We continue to expect non-acquired growth to be within the range of 3.5% to 4.5% on an annual basis, although we will likely be near the lower end of the range for 2017. Revenue per treatment for U.S. dialysis and lab business was essentially flat quarter-over-quarter, and we expect revenue per treatment to essentially remain flat for the fourth quarter. Our patient care cost was up approximately $1.76 per treatment quarter-over-quarter, which, as mentioned, approximately $1 of that per treatment was due to the hurricane impact. Now I'm going to transition to proactively address three topics: charitable premium assistance, payer contracting and guidance. Let me start with charitable premium assistance. As you know, we recently released information concerning our exposure to charitable premium assistance. I want to take this opportunity to summarize the four most important points. Point number one, charitable premium assistance has been critical support for the neediest patients, who are forced to navigate through an extremely complicated insurance environment. Point number two, we think charitable premium assistance is unlikely to go away for many reasons. Point number three, even if charitable premium assistance were to go away for dialysis patients, we believe that a large number of patients would likely retain their existing coverage, despite facing significant financial hardship. Point number four, if this unlikely scenario plays out, we estimate approximately $100 million to $250 million of downside risk to our annual operating income. Because we provided a lot of color in our press releases, I will leave additional comment for Q&A. For the last couple of quarters, we have also received some questions around the payer environment, so I want to provide additional color and try to be as helpful as I can. As we review the portfolio for 2018, we don't see anything to call out as unusual. So can I provide a little bit more detail? What does this mean? Four out of our five largest payers have rates locked in for the next two to three years, and we're currently negotiating the fifth in the normal cadence of renewals. For the smaller regional players, we continue to have normal give-and-takes in negotiations, so some will end up and some will end up down. On to guidance. For 2017, we're tightening our adjusted operating income guidance for Kidney Care to be in the range of $1.57 billion to $1.6 billion from the previous guidance of $1.565 billion to $1.625 billion. The new range includes the negative financial impact of the hurricane. Next, given there are so many moving pieces in the business, we want to be as helpful as I can here and break from the recent practices of providing guidance on the fourth quarter earnings call. First, a reminder. We will have a year-over-year accounting headwind of $100 million in 2018 for our recent transition to 401(k) match program. Nevertheless, we expect operating income for the Kidney Care business to be in the range of $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion in 2018. In our guidance, it's worth calling out three elements, which we have considered in the forecast, but they're harder to handicap. Number one, open enrollment for ACA plans. Given all the regulatory uncertainty, it's hard for us to forecast individual patient decisions. Point number two, cost of the MEDICs. We don't have clarity around price, cost and volume yet. And then lastly, advocacy in California. As you know, the labor unions have proposed a ballot initiative that would significantly alter our economics in the state of California. If they decide to proceed with the initiative, we might have to incur significant onetime costs in 2018 to support our advocacy efforts, which we have not included in our stated guidance range. Longer term, we continue to expect the multiyear trajectory to be consistent with what we said at Capital Markets Day earlier this year. Now I'll give it back to Joel to discuss international.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Javier. For this quarter, adjusted international operating losses were $8 million, which includes $1 million foreign exchange loss and excludes higher equity losses of $6 million due to goodwill impairment at the APAC joint venture and restructuring charges of $3 million. This restructuring charge is related to a reorganization of our international operating structure to improve efficiency and reduce our G&A by eliminating some redundancy across the global, regional and country level. We expect this restructuring to save approximately $6.5 million per year in international cost starting in 2018. For full year 2017, we reaffirm international OI guidance we provided last quarter. Looking forward, we continue to expect to reach breakeven internationally during 2018. As we said last quarter, whether we achieve breakeven for the full year of 2018 will largely be a function of our acquisition pace for the rest of 2017. As mentioned in Capital Markets Day, we're building a solid platform for growth in our international businesses. Finally, some comments on cash generation and capital deployment. Operating cash flow was $553 million in the quarter and $1.56 billion year-to-date. Cash flow continues to be strong despite the adverse impact of a temporary increase in DSO of four days over the last two quarters due to the following; as a reminder, one day of DSO translates to approximately $30 million in operating cash flow. So the four days were the result of three things. First, receivables inherited in the Renal Ventures acquisition, which contributed about 1.5 days; second, delays in submitting claims from centers impacted by the hurricanes, which contributed another 1.5 days; and third, normal fluctuations, which contributed one day. We expect our DSOs to decline three to four days over the next few quarters as we work through these items. Separate from these short-term DSO increases, we have also seen a structural increase of dialysis and lab DSOs of approximately three days over the past year due to changes we have made to our collection processes. These include changes to our billing processes for government payers, anticipating changes in regulatory requirements as well as changes in billing frequency for certain commercial payers to reduce collection costs at the expense of a slight increase in working capital. We continue to expect operating cash flow for 2017 to be in the range of $1.75 billion to $1.95 billion. Now, over to Kent for a few closing comments.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Joel. I'd like to offer a few thoughts on three topics. Number one, DMG; number two, CPA; number three, capital deployment with respect to share buybacks. While it was a solid quarter for Kidney Care, it was an extremely disappointing quarter at the DaVita Medical Group, as you no doubt, have already noted. It is difficult at this point to find any words that are useful to the capital markets given our continuous failure to meet the expectations we have previously set. This reality is exacerbated by the fact we still believe in the value and potential of these assets and teams. Nonetheless, the results are the results. We are intensely focused on affecting a change in the burden that DMG performance is placing on the enterprise, your enterprise, through both strategic and operating initiatives. We would like to reiterate what we said in May at our Capital Markets Day. We are pursuing strategic alternatives for underperforming assets across our businesses and across markets. Steps like the $40 million G&A reduction that Joel discussed are still in our control; many others involve third parties and therefore are difficult to time. I'd like now to move on to charitable premium assistance, CPA. First and most importantly, our teammates acted ethically with respect to our charities and our patients. CPA is unambiguously good for ESRD patients who are among the most in need. Charitable assistance has long been explicitly accepted and endorsed by the government, above board explicit, intentional, and it was intentionally expanded by the Affordable Care Act. We have a responsibility, both regulatory and ethical, to comprehensively educate our patients. And as to any notion that commercial insurers are unfairly burdened by the aggregate regulatory ecosystem of the ESRD system is ridiculous. There are two subsidies that cut the other way that dramatically outweigh any incremental burden from charitable premium assistance on commercial insurers, namely the Medicare entitlement for patients under 65 and the 30-month limitation of Medicare Secondary Payer statute or commercial coverage. Our patients are the only Americans discriminated against in this way unable to keep commercial coverage that they would like to keep and have the ability to pay for. Most important, of course, in all of this is our teammates continue to provide amongst the best clinical quality care to dialysis patients in America. We will continue to advocate for our patients to be taken care of by the system. Finally, regarding stock buybacks. We have continued to do them. We have been deploying a considerable amount of our durable cash flow towards our long-term capital allocation strategy, which has manifested itself in the form of these repurchases in recent months. In fact, since our last earnings call, we have repurchased nearly 8 million shares or approximately 4% of our outstanding stock and announced a new authorization with approximately $1.2 billion currently remaining. Year-to-date, this means year-to-date through November 7, that is, we have purchased approximately 11.4 million shares or about 6% of our shares outstanding at the beginning of the year. We think this was the right thing to do with your capital. Operator, would you please open up the line for Q&A?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. So I guess, one, when you think about the 2018 number for dialysis and basically we assume that you're kind of at the high end of the range and we throw in the $100 million stock comp change, you're looking to grow about 3%, it looks like ish OI next year in that business. And I guess you're talking about growing volumes organically at least that amount, actually more than that amount. So why wouldn't there be EBITDA growth more like in line with where the top line growth should be kind of in mid-single-digit next year?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Appreciate the question, Kevin. A couple of things. As you know, next year, Medicare reimbursement is only going up 0.5 and for every percentage point is roughly $40 million. So when you have that line not going up and you have the labor pressures that we have and the cost structure moving up, you just have some compression there. So the range that we gave you is consistent to support that.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And I guess when we think about the DMG outlook, and then I guess I appreciate the complexity of the DMG business and the general rate pressure in that business over the last several years. And it's obviously more complicated than the relative sustainability of the dialysis business, but I guess the inability to forecast earnings from quarter-to-quarter, is this really surprising? I mean, as we think about this business over since you've owned it, does HCP have this problem before you owned it as far as quarterly visibility? Or is there something new in the way the business is being run or the factors influencing the business that make it difficult for you guys to consistently forecast just a quarter or two ahead?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: I'll go ahead and take a stab at that, Kevin, and you let me know if it's sufficient. The two big changes in the last four or five years compared to the prior four or five are, one, the rate of annual Medicare Advantage rate increase benchmark rate type stuff, and then number two, in the case of HCP, a non-trivial increase in the weighted average acuity of their patient group during that same period. And what that meant is you could be off a fair amount in your medical loss ratio forecast or your unit growth forecast, but it would all be matched by your reimbursement per member per month increase. Because in the last four or five years, instead of increases in those two areas, there's been dramatic decreases totaling in the neighborhood of $275 million. I'm not going to get the number exactly right. Therefore, any adjustment or any miss on the medical loss ratio or unit growth front, even though it might be of exactly the same absolute magnitude as prior years has a dramatically bigger impact on the net remaining OI. And of course, it takes a while to restructure the business according to the new revenue reality. Is that responsive?
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. And I guess the acuity side makes more sense to me. But I guess to the extent that there's always going to be this inherent delay between when your risk scores adjust to the acuity care you're seeing underlying basis, is there a reason to believe that the acuity dynamic this year is unusual in some way, or are you going to have the same issue where next year the acuity increases and you'll get last year's acuity boost, but you won't be able to factor in next year's acuity issues?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Excellent question, and let me try to step through it in a reasonable clear way. If there was the same kind of acuity increase every year, then there wouldn't be any year-over-year delta or it'd be very, very modest because every year would benefit from the prior year's acuity increase. But in fact, that's not the case. This year, there was a differential increase in acuity. And so in fact, we did incur a significant number of incremental medical costs tied to that higher acuity. Just to give you one reason for why that happened, we did a great job of dealing with an unusually high percentage of our patients who had flu issues and an unusual incidence of serious issues within that flu population in the first quarter. The derivative benefit from all that extra care in cost is that you actually capture a lot of other acuity developments that you would otherwise not have because you wouldn't have seen the patient for significantly longer period of time. So that's just one analytical sliver of the larger picture. So this was truly a discontinuous incremental increase in acuity. We don't have any reason to expect there to be another one the subsequent year. To be honest, from a long-term point of view, we would be happy if it happened again because while you suffer a relative deficit in the first year it happens because you're incurring the cost and the revenue is deferred, on average, we keep our patients for a long time and do great work with them. And so the actual net present value of this type of change in acuity is seriously positive. However, in the very first year it happens, you're eating the cost and none of the revenue.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, that makes sense. And I guess maybe my last question, you talked about recontracting 25% of your MA risk business for next year. How should we think about that? Is that unusual? I guess you mentioned on the commercial side, you've announced that you've got a large contract signed up for two or three years. Is this 25% just normally happen or are you specing this out because you're saying this 25% are the real problem contracts and that's what you're talking about, first. And then second, what is it that you're doing? Is it really a rate recontracting or is there some other aspect that you're really looking forward to improve the profitability?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yes. So first, it's not normal course. It is something that we set out intentionally to do and accomplish this year, which we haven't done in the past. In terms of the second question about what exactly we're doing, it's I think the simplest way to think of it is increasing the percentage of premium that we are keeping relative to the percentage of premium that the payer with whom we're contracting keeps.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. So that's it, just follow through it then to the bottom line from your perspective?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Exactly.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: And Kevin, the only thing I would add there is our results this year are, as you all know, highly public. And so we go with great credibility to our payers in this context and point to the fact that we are a very high-value added and significant part of their network. And the industry is in a different spot now and there simply have to be adjustments in the revenue paradigm to adjust for the changes on the government reimbursement and cost side. Operator, could we go on to the next one, please?
Operator: Sure. Our next question comes from the line of Tejus Ujjani from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. It's actually Tejus Ujjani actually. Thanks for taking the question. Just want to go back to this workforce reduction in the DMG segment. You mentioned $40 million of annual operating impact or operating savings, and just trying to understand if this is a sustainable reduction in kind of overhead infrastructure, why wasn't it done in prior quarters or previously if the group had been underperforming for some time?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Sure. So look, we have been thinking about the performance of the business for quite a while now. The decision to eliminate this many positions is not one you can run into quickly. There are puts and takes when you make decisions like this. And now is the point where we thought some of the operating changes that we had made had been established well enough that we could handle a change like this within the business without it hurting the overall operating performance.
Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. And just kind of switching topics to the DaVita Rx. I think Javier had mentioned back in Capital Markets Day and it came up on the last call as well, a $70 million to $90 million EBITDA headwind for the pharmacy business in 2017. Can you just share any update on how much of that's actually occurred so far this year? How much you have incremental for the rest of the year? And if there's anything actually incremental in 2018 guidance?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yes. We are on the high-end of the range, but we are  so that number did hold up. And as it relates to 2018, we expect the economics to stay in the same range as they did in 2017.
Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Got it. Thanks very much. And then just going back to, I think, one of the earlier questions about what's implied in core Kidney Care segment growth, given some of the top line pressures and wage pressures. I mean, it seems like you're saying that there's not really any operating leverage kind of going forward into next year in the Kidney Care segment. I mean, given the scale and size of the business, I mean, are all the costs really variable at this point? I mean, I guess any color on that would be helpful.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: No doubt about it that 2018 is not where we want to be. And 2019, the numbers are looking better, because we have the Medicare reimbursement and we have some visibility into other items that will look better in 2019 over 2018. We will, of course, work very hard to beat the number we have. But that is the right number to do at this juncture. And as I said, there's three big variables that we're going to get visibility into shortly here with open enrollment and in the cost of MEDICs. And so we will do our best to perform on those metrics.
Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks very much for the questions. I'll hop back in the queue.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. So a few questions here. Wanted to first go back to premium assistance. And appreciate all the color you've given. Wanted to talk about your interaction with CMS on this, right. So they came out last year with something outside of the exchange reg that they later pulled back on. The exchange reg came out just recently, there was no mention at all of charitable premium assistance. So given that, I'm curious as to what is your interaction with CMS right now on this topic? Has it quieted down, given most of managed care is making significant profits on the exchanges now? Just give us some kind of an update, if you can?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: And, Justin, I'll take a stab at this. Number one, I would say that there's a dramatic difference in how this administration at least so far is approaching the issue versus the prior administration, which is to say a lot more listening and developing a much deeper understanding of the nuances and the complexities, both generally on the issue and with respect to dialysis patients. That's a good thing. Second, they're also, as everyone knows, way behind in staffing up and missing some key leadership spots. Put all that together, it is not that the item has dropped off the agenda at all, but perhaps nothing is going to emerge for a while. It's very difficult  impossible would be a better word  to predict. You are also correct that because a whole lot of plans are doing better in the exchanges now than before and throughout this entire period, more people are noticing that they were making very substantial profits in most of their other lines of business, while at the same time complaining about the exchanges that that pressure has also abated somewhat. So I want to repeat. It's still on the agenda, both of the plans and of the administration. And we can't predict when they're going to do something. But the good news is, it's at least from a process point of view, far more measured than before. And we just don't know what to expect. We will continue to advocate for our patients who, as we mentioned in our preparatory remarks, this aspect of the dialysis and kidney care ecosystem has existed very explicitly and very intentionally for 25 years.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Then, Kent, in regards to DMG, as recently a September 7 at a conference, you said DMG had some nice momentum. So given the problems in the quarter, obviously the visibility in this business that I think you discussed before must be limited. How should we think about or educate ourselves on this? Your forward view of the business, given the interest from others you've talked about in acquiring it, and your discussion around strategic alternatives. Are there any other strategic alternatives for something like DMG, other than a sale of the business that we should consider? Or is that the main strategic alternative you're discussing?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Well, first as to the question you asked at the front end of your paragraph, we understand that you and others must have a very dim view of our confidence when it comes to forecasting, and there really is no other rational perspective for someone to have at this point. Second, as to the question, are there other strategic alternatives other than selling everything? The answer to that question is yes. There's different options in every single market as well as in aggregate. Of course, at the same time, we also recognize our fiduciary responsibilities to you and your associates.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: So can you give us anymore color on what those other strategic alternatives would look like?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Well, I'll just give one example so you get an idea. It could be that one would sell  create a separate equity vehicle in an individual market and have some of the local players become serious equity partners simultaneously enhancing the contract terms between us and them in an individual market. Just to give one example of a non-total sale that could change both the short-term economics of the business as well as derisk the business as well as liberate some capital. So I'm not advocating for that versus anything else. I'm simply answering your question as to what would be an example of an alternative strategic alternative to selling everything and then adding on top of it the follow-up question, which is, well, what would that do for shareholders?
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: That's helpful. And then just lastly, before I jump back in. You brought 6 million shares in October despite knowing that DMG was having some clear issues. Can you give us some color around that decision?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Sure, Justin. It's Joel. We're, in general, not going to comment on our individual purchases over a given quarter or a month, but let me give you a little color about how we think about this. So in general, we like to use both open market purchases or 10b-18 purchases as well as planned purchases, 10b-51 purposes. They have different advantages and disadvantages. The open market gives us flexibility on a day-to-day basis to decide whether we want to buy or not depending on the stock price than anything else. The challenge there is the window does close at times, and we obviously can't trade when the window is closed, so that removes certain flexibility. The 10b5-1 solves the window issue, but it locks us in over a protracted period of time and we can't respond based on all the other factors. So we use both. When we do 10b5-1s, we tend to lean towards more complex plans to try and think forward about what's likely to happen, ensure that we're buying at opportune times. That said, there can be unintended consequences of the complexities of our 10b5-1 plans.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: So if I'm hearing that correctly, is it fair to say that you put that in place before the quiet period ended or began, I should say? And you have the information on the quarter, but maybe felt like the stock price at that time was interesting so you wanted to buy?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: I'm going to leave it where I did in terms of the general guidance without getting into any of the specifics.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thanks, Justin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo from Robert Baird (sic) [Robert W. Baird] (40:56). Your line is open.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi, good afternoon. On this exchange topic, CMS mentioned Friday during a webinar with both navigators and payers that those eligible for Part A coverage or have Part B Medicare coverage should not be enrolling in marketplace plans or some language to that effect. I think we talked a little bit about this at my conference briefly. And this is, I think, the second time that they've sort of guided the payers and the navigators to this point. Do you just have any thoughts on the implications of this with the ESRD patients?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Whit, we're looking around the table here for a moment because none of us are feeling well equipped because we didn't know about this Friday statement and it's a fairly tricky area where you've got to be pretty damn precise. So LeAnne or Jim, do either of you have any ability to shed light on this, or do we just say we'll have to get back to you. We're not thinking we can do a great job, repeating stuff we've already said.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: That's fine. Okay. Jim, I'll send you the email. And maybe back to Joel's comment on some of the changes to the collection process, and I think you referenced anticipating some regulatory changes. Any color on specifically what you're referencing?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: This is Javier. Basically, we went through and reviewed the best way to do billing. We had a new billing system, and we changed some policies and procedures. So there's nothing from a regulatory perspective at how we're doing internally.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And looking at the Kidney Care guide, I think you signaled that the international losses or the ancillary losses, I guess, should be sort of breakeven. Is that generally the assumption that you've used to construct the 2018 guide?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: I'm sorry, I was writing down something. Could you repeat the question?
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Just the Kidney Care guidance for 2018, I'm just curious what the assumptions were for the ancillary business. I think you've consistently stated that you believe it can breakeven, and I was just looking to confirm whether or not that's exactly what you've assumed sort of within the range?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: We don't have an immediate answer. Why don't we have some people take a look and get back to you before this call is over, okay?
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: That's fine. And maybe just one last one here. Just back to DMG and the comment on higher utilization. I mean, I think you're the only person this quarter or in the past year for that matter citing higher utilization. Is that really acuity or are you really seeing utilization days per thousand go up?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: So it is acuity. What I would also remind you about us is given the nature of our business, we don't have the scale of the large payers, so we are rather localized. And while we are in six markets, we are dominated or we are heavily-weighted towards one market. And as a result, we don't have a diversification that some of the other larger managed care players you're talking about have.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. That makes sense. Thanks.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: And the other thing I would add, in some cases, if we're below average utilization in a market, and that's what we've been 18 months, and then we become less below average, for us, it actually shows up as an earnings decrement. But separate from that, LeAnne, you have an answer on the navigator question?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - DaVita, Inc.: Well, I think if I heard you correctly, you're saying that the navigator training is instructing navigators if a patient has enrolled in Medicare, they can't enroll in a QHP, which is true. So I think that may be the clarification. But unless I see the training, I couldn't respond beyond that, but happy to take a look at the training and give you any another color.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: No, I'll send it over just stating if someone is not enrolled and is eligible for Part A, you should direct them to Medicare and away from a market-linked plan (45:40), but I'll send it over, LeAnne. Thanks.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - DaVita, Inc.: Sure. No problem.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: And then I just want to follow-up on the question you asked on the SIs in international. We don't guide in particular line, so it's included in our broad range.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Ransom from Raymond James. Your line is open.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hi. I'm disadvantaged from having Justin who had asked all the smart questions. So I'll weigh in with my weak stuff at the end. On the pharmacy, you put in your slides for reviewing assets strategically, that's a business of scale. That would seem to be kind of an easy one to see if someone else could maybe do it better because they like may buy a little cheaper. Why are you hanging onto that asset if it's going to continue to kind of boil in 2018 at these levels? I'm just curious about that.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yes. Thanks for the question. On the pharmacy, it is a clinical story. And so when you look at the research and you look at the quantity of prescriptions that our patients take, so on average, a dialysis patient has 10 prescriptions and takes about 20 pills. So one of the big advantages is that we can consolidate and we could really help the patients on adherence. And then, of course, as you know, we did that business bottoms-up, so we didn't deploy a lot of capital. And so it's been a clinical story that's actually been an acceptable return on investment. So that's how we think about it.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: I mean, is it making positive EBITDA at this point? I know its missing plan, but is it net positive EBITDA or is it negative EBITDA?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: It's got thin margins, but it is making money.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then my second question is, your sort of preliminary guidance for 2018, with all the puts and takes in managed care, how does the pricing, commercial pricing, compare in 2018 versus 2017?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: I think what I gave is as far as I want to go, which is our portfolio is in what I'd call a normal state with a lot of our contracts being stable on the large account and the normal fluctuations of the small account. And that's as far as I'm going to go today.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: But you made some cryptic comments Javier about 2019. What's better in 2019? I mean are you already seeing that play out? What's better in 2019 other than Medicare than we might see in 2018?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yes, I probably shouldn't have gone there. When I said it, I cringed. So unfortunately, you were paying attention at every word I said.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: That's a rare moment. That is actually a rare moment, so I'm going to take credit for that.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, well, I'm not going to regret and go further on that, but it's fair to say that I shouldn't have said it.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Well, I guess what I'm trying to figure out with my simple mind is if you've got a clinic with 50 patients and you add two Medicare patients, and I know Medicare doesn't cover the total cost, it would seem like the marginal cost of treating a Medicare patient would be less than $250 which is about right on with your base. So I'm sort of questioning the operating leverage of the business if that isn't the case. And if that's not the case, are you rethinking maybe de novo spend? Because maybe the economics have gotten different in the business than what we've seen (49:36)?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yes. No, I get where you're going at, and this is obviously are we compressing margin. And if so, would we deploy capital in a different way? And so we are, of course, evaluating our capital deployment. And if the returns do go down, what we would do is, of course, we'll operate our centers at a higher utilization and so would everyone else. But what we have to look for 2019 is, number one, we wouldn't have the 401(k) headwind. And number two, Medicare is going back to normal increases. And so that will be a nice tailwind, back to normality on that.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: And let me go backwards a second to the question about last Friday and CMS' comments. If their comments were precisely what we heard on this call, that would probably be a mistake by them. And if on the other hand, it was a comment they were making that pertained only to Medicare eligibles over age 65, it may not have been a mistake for them to say. So the devil is really in the detail on this. And we look forward to staring at it. And we'll follow-up with them if there needs to be any clarity. It is also not unusual for that population to just in general, lean philosophically towards Medicare for everything. And many of them think that Medicare should be the only program that covers all Americans, period. And so to have some sort of implicit bias is not at all surprising or new. For it to be explicitly decided as procedural guidance would be another thing entirely, and so we'll look into it, and thanks for bringing it up.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Wood from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Patrick Wood - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Thank you very much for taking my questions. I just have two please, if I may. And the first one would be on the ESCO savings. I'm just curious if these came in -for the data that CMS put out  if these came in roughly in line with where your guys were expecting the overall pool to come in? And also, long term, whether you think that that's a fair set of expectation going forward? Or if you think the industry can do a little bit better, given it's early days? And the second question is just appreciate on DMG that the confidence over the long term to still see that inflection up in the total EBIT level. The difficulty I've got is, and maybe I'm thinking about this simplistically, but a $600 million write-down is not a small proportion of the total value of that asset. How should we think about the fact that you're maintaining that outlook at the same time as writing down the asset. Just to give me some comfort around that would be helpful? Thanks, guys.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: First, let me take the ESCO question. I don't know how precise we were in the numbers, because the reality is that we are big supporters of integrated care, because we've done it for quite some time. And we know that when you have the comorbid condition that our patients have that it just makes sense that someone that is a quarterback of healthcare through all the transition, and when you have access to them for 12 hours, that you can bend the cost curve. So that being said, we were happy with the progress we made. We also have to highlight that it's a small population, so that number will fluctuate over time. And so it's going to be a bumpy up and down, because of the small size.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: And let me just add that one of the fundamental architectural flaws in ESCO is  that rebounds to everyone's detriment is the open-ended black box of rebasing. And what this does is makes the long-term returns highly uncertain. And what that does is dramatically reduce the amount of transformational investment that people like us and FMC and others are willing to make to drive truly breathtaking improvements in the system where everybody would win. And so this is related to the answer to your important question of what can you expect from the ESCOs downstream. On to you, Joel, for the other question.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Sure. So as you think about the goodwill impairment, there are many factors that go into that calculation. And while the performance in 2019 that we talked about is certainly one of them, there are many others, some more short term in nature. So while they certainly are not disconnected, there are a lot of things that go into the goodwill calculation other than our thoughts about 2019.
Patrick Wood - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Sure, appreciate it. Thanks so much for the color, guys.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Patrick.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gary Taylor from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good evening. Had a couple questions. The first one, I just want to make sure I have this right. The implied fourth quarter Kidney operating income that would be comparable to the $404 million this quarter, I think the midpoint is $402 million. Do I have that correct?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: No. The midpoint would be closer to $400 million, but that's in the ZIP Code.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And so any incremental  I think the $404 million you're implying really would have been for 2018, including hurricanes, and so stepping down a little bit sequentially would be mainly driven by what?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: There are two main things in the fourth quarter. We have an escalation of benefit costs as the teammates run through their deductibles. And we have historically a higher G&A during the period. That explains the bulk of that difference.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I do have a CPA question for you, Kent. What we've heard from a number of plans is that they feel they're under no legal obligation to pick up the AKF funds and as they have rescinded some of these policies and refused to accept checks and wire transfers to AKF. Instead, they're now seeing a lot of these patients paying with a prepaid debit card, and in fact that those cards are going to the dialysis center care of patients and dialysis administrative personnel are helping these patients pay those premiums. And I guess my question is, given your view that this is an acceptable and sustainable part of the ecosystem, why is it necessary for the AKF to potentially hide the origin of that funding? And is there any business risk to DaVita in essentially being complicit in circumventing these plans' terms and conditions of coverage if they decided not to accept those payments?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Well, first, I'm not intimately familiar with what the AKF does, so we'll have to follow up. Second, there couldn't be anything more explicit and more public than provider funding of the AKF in the entire pantheon of American health care, and it's how it's been for 20 years. It's how the government approved it, consistent with criteria the government set down. But I cannot opine on exactly operationally how that comes up. I also know that the overwhelming majority of payers, a huge percentage, I'm not going to get the number right, but overwhelming majority probably understates it are continuing to process charitable premium assistance claims in the same way they did a year or two or three ago. And so whatever tiny subset of reality you may be discussing, I'm just not familiar with, but feel free to follow up with our team. But on the broader frame, the other statements I've made are highly, highly relevant.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I'll step back. Thanks.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Your line's open.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. Appreciate getting back in the queue here. Just wanted to run through a bunch of numbers question here. First, if we go back into something in the neighborhood of $10 million $15 million, I think, from hurricanes, can you give us the exact hurricane OI impact in 3Q? And I apologize if you gave it already. And any impact assumed for 4Q that we should consider?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: I couldn't hear the last part, but we did highlight that there was $14 million plus 25 basis on NAG. Was there something else that you said on the back end?
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: So yes, is there a 4Q impact?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: I am not sure of that. Let me look around. I think the bulk of its flushed through the quarter, but I'll verify here.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And is there any reason to think that shouldn't be coming back whatever it is the $14 million plus wherever the fourth quarter shouldn't come back next year, is there any kind of sustainable hurricane impact 2018 that we should consider?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. We are still assessing a couple of the centers, but the numbers should not be a meaningful number right now. And the number that they just gave me for the fourth quarter is in the range of $2 million to $3 million, Justin. So...
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Then getting back to the question around re-contracting benefits. You put pretty specific numbers around the savings from restructuring, the revenue increases from the risk scores as they go through. Is there any number that you can give us in terms of what you think the benefit will be from this re-contracting next year?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: We're going to stay away from giving a specific number on that. Some of that is still playing out over the balance of the year. So we'd rather not give a number.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then I just wanted to go back to the international question that Whit asked. I know you guys don't typically guide to the entire employer business, but you've been pretty specific in terms of international? So, can you give us what international the expected loss is this year on international first?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Sure. So we said last quarter, and we're sticking with it, something in the low 30s of OI, excluding the onetime stuff.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: And should we expect that to get to breakeven next year? Is that what's implied in guidance cause you've been talking about getting to breakeven I think this year?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Sure. So what's implied in our guidance is in 2018, we will get to breakeven. When during the year we get there and whether not we'll be breakeven for the full year really depends on the acquisition pace over the remainder of the year in 2018, but we believe we will get there at some point during the year.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then, Javier, you mentioned California, advocacy cost could impact next year. So just want to make sure I understand that from a perspective of did you say that there was some of that built into guidance? I thought you said that wasn't built into guidance. And so what's the answer there? And then is that something that you would consider a onetime charge and kind of strip out or is that something that you kind of look at as normal course of business?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: It is not built into the guidance, so that is correct. I don't think we would  from an accounting perspective, it wouldn't called out as a one-time charge, but we would view it as in year non-recurring, how's that? So we would tell you what that number is so you could carve it out.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: And you talked about as being somewhat meaningful impactful. Can you give us a ballpark on like would this thing really does kick up with 2018 what the impact of it?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: The numbers are all over the place, and these campaigns can really go up and down. So it's really hard to give you a number, Justin.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: All right. Thanks for all the color on the numbers. Appreciated it.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: All right. Thanks, Justin. Feel free to come back again.
Operator: I show no questions at the moment.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: All right. Then thank you all very much for your continued interest. We will do our best. Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - DaVita, Inc. Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc. Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc. Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.
Analysts: Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC
Operator: Good evening. My name is Kristine, and I'll be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. Thank you. Mr. Gustafson, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Kristine, and welcome everyone to our second quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. And with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Joel Ackerman, our CFO; Javier Rodriguez, CEO of DaVita Kidney Care; Jim Hilger, our Chief Accounting Officer; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. Please note that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning those risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release filed with the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Jim, and thank all of you for your interest in DaVita. We will today, of course, discuss what we would characterize as a solid quarter. Before we get into the specifics of that quarter however, we will start as we always do with our clinical performance. We are first and foremost a care giving entity. Within DaVita Medical Group, we achieved 4.9 star average ratings across all markets. If you round in the same way that CMS rounds, would equal a 5 star, which is the highest we've ever achieved and is literally outstanding. It means we're doing wonderful things clinically with our physicians for our patients and also makes us differentially attractive to our payer partners. Within DaVita Kidney Care, fluid overload is one of the three leading causes of hospitalizations. Our own clinical researchers estimate that patients who do not achieve the recommended post-treatment weight have a 50% high risk of mortality over the subsequent year further underlying the significance of this clinical event. We have special initiatives aimed at ensuring our patients achieve target fluid levels. And in the second quarter of 2017, we had our best ever percentage of patients achieving that recommended post-treatment weight with a 10% year-over-year improvement. That's a big deal. And I'll now turn it over to Javier Rodriguez, the CEO of DaVita Kidney Care to discuss that quarter.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Kent, and good afternoon, everyone. Kidney Care adjusted operating income for the quarter was $402 million, up $22 million or 6% versus the first quarter. Overall, results were in line with our expectations. Let me cover some highlights. Non-acquired growth for the quarter was 3.6%, which is within the range of our long-term expectation of 3.5% to 4.5% on an annual basis. As a reminder, we expect to see fluctuations around this range on a quarterly basis. Revenue per treatment was down by $3.38 quarter-over-quarter. As we disclosed at Capital Markets Day, Q1 revenue benefited from some positive one-time adjustments. We continue to expect full-year average revenue per treatment in 2017 to be down 1% to 2% from full-year average in 2016. Our patient care cost per treatment was down $5.65 quarter-over-quarter driven by better performance in center operating expenses and normal seasonal factors that negatively impact quarter one cost per treatment, including EPO utilization, payroll taxes, and less treatment days. Now, turning on to our outlook. We're raising the bottom end of 2017 Kidney Care adjusted operating income guidance by $40 million. Our new guidance range is now $1.565 billion to $1.625 billion. Looking ahead to 2018, similar to the last couple of years, we will issue formal guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call. That said, I want to remind you of a couple of specific items to keep in mind as you look at 2018. Number one, we will have a year-over-year headwind of approximately $100 million due to our recent change from profit share program to a 401(k) match program. Number two, our cost inflation continues to outpace the rate increases we received from payers. It may be hard to see this trend in second quarter on a year-over-year basis due to the benefit from our new EPO contract as well as a one-time benefit from the transition to 401(k). Lastly, as a reminder, the proposed 2018 Medicare rate increase in the preliminary rule is 0.7%. Now, I hand it over to Joel to discuss DMG.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Javier. For the second quarter of 2017, DaVita Medical Group had adjusted operating income of $34 million. As a reminder, this business has a disproportionally high amortization load, $44 million for the quarter, which includes roughly $7 million related to the acceleration of our branding initiative. Therefore, this quarter's adjusted operating income of $34 million translates into an adjusted EBITDA of $94 million for the quarter. Now, with respect to our value conversion. We're on track to our plan since our last update. We've signed a contract in Colorado, one of our newer geographies, and expect to add value contracts in New Mexico and Washington State by the end of the year. We had a fairly active quarter in closing tuck-in acquisitions of new groups in our existing geographies. We believe that these transactions are a capital-efficient and low risk way of acquiring new physicians and patients. Collectively, the groups we acquired in recent months consist of approximately 140 providers serving nearly 200,000 patients, of which about 20,000 are currently capitated. Regarding guidance for DMG, we're leaving our 2017 adjusted operating income guidance unchanged at $110 million to $150 million and we still believe it's more likely that we will be in the bottom half of this range. This operating income range includes an estimated $240 million in depreciation and amortization for 2017. Now, to International. International operating losses in the quarter were $13 million, which includes approximately $4 million of prior period adjustments and a $1 million foreign exchange loss. For the full year in the International business, we now expect adjusted operating income loss in the low $30 millions plus or minus a bp. This excludes the impact of currency and one-time expenses. We're disappointed in this change in guidance, which is the result of lower than anticipated clinic acquisitions and slower operating ramp of acquired clinics. These changes in outlook is incorporated in our adjusted operating income guidance for Kidney Care and the enterprise. Looking forward, we expect to reach breakeven internationally during 2018. Whether we achieve breakeven for the full year of 2018 will largely be a function of our acquisition pace for the rest of 2017 and early 2018. Finally, some comments on cash flow and capital deployment. Second quarter operating cash flow up of $146 million was adversely impacted by the timing of cash tax payments associated with our settlement with the VA that was announced in the first quarter and by an increase in accounts receivable DSO. Year-to-date, we generated operating cash flow of $1 billion and our operating cash flow guidance for 2017 remains $1.75 billion to $1.95 billion. As we discussed at our Capital Markets Day, we expect to be using some of this strong consistent cash flow as part of our long-term strategy to repurchase stock over the coming quarters. In the second quarter, we repurchased nearly 3.6 million shares or more than 1.8% of our shares outstanding for $232 million. Now, over to Kent for a few closing comments.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: I don't really have anything new to say. I would just step back and make a few observations. Number one, it was a solid quarter. Number two, we have a solid foundation. Number three, we have some wonderfully valuable assets. And number four, we are good at what people want more of. With that, let's get on to Q&A please, operator.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Mr. Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks. Just wondering if you can provide a little more color on commercial in the quarter on the dialysis side. How has the switch around third-party premium support on the exchanges gone versus your guidance? And then any kind of new pushback from payers on rates on the non-individual business?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Kevin, this is Javier. Nothing has changed from when we talked last quarter and so our relationships with payers continue to be the same. We're trying to make sure we add the right value to their members and our patients and nothing has changed in the guidance as it relates to the economics we gave you last quarter.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. So I guess when you provided guidance at the Analyst Day, you mentioned $45 million to $90 million of kind of additional risk that wasn't reflected in the actual results this year. Can you provide a little bit of color as to how we should think about that for 2018? Is that risk that you think we should be building in as far as pressure into 2018 or is that something that at this point you don't feel like you're going to experience, but you just want to highlight for conservatism's sake?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Well, let me clarify, Kevin. I think what we said is, people wanted to frame what was the risk in the individual plans if CPA was completely eliminated. So we said on the outer bounds that's the $90 million. We said, if CPA was eliminated in an individual plan, that some people would have some tax credits and other things, so that's why we put a range of $45 million to $90 million. Does that answer your question?
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Well, I guess, my understanding was that when you initially talked about $140 million to $230 million as the issue here you have said that $230 million was the right number to think about, but there was still $40 million to $90 million of potential pressure, that some things came in better, some things came in worse and that there was still $45 million to $90 million of "risk" in the commercial numbers. Is that not correct?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: I think the way I would frame it is that we've had  we've learned more as the quarters have come along and then we've superseded information and updated it. And so, now we're saying, hey, the easiest way to do instead of getting to all the different slices is number one, the risk that's left in individual plans on CPA is at $45 million to $90 million, it then went away. And then number two, our average revenue will be down 1% to 2% over our average revenue in 2016. That that is sort of the freshest information that we have and the most useful information that we have.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Then just last question, that $45 million to $90 million, how do we think about that, is there a reason to think that didn't present this year, the reason to think it will present next year, what would be the indication or cause of that following through next year, if it didn't follow through this year absent regulatory guidance?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. I think we don't have any visibility on timing per se, but we were trying to be useful when people were trying to frame and size the risk of CPA in an individual plan. So we put the number out there without any sense of whether it would occur or not or any sense of timing on it but rather just trying to frame and size the number.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: And what I might add Kevin is, is we would not try to characterize any change in the risk. No increase, no decrease nor any change in our ability to predict when the government might come up with something that would constitute a decision that there is a bunch of no change.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. Good evening. Few questions here. First, maybe you could just tell us what kind of payer mix changes or commercial mix changes I should say, you saw in Q2, if any?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Nothing that's worth calling out, Justin.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. So, pretty steady Q1 to Q2.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yes.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then Kent, I know you don't want to give specific 2018 earnings guidance in the second quarter, but earlier this year you talked about targeting growth in overall operating income next year. Just curious, given all the moving parts, any updated thoughts on that target? Can you grow OI in 2018?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: My memory of what we said in the Capital Markets, Justin, and Jim to my left here will clarify if I get it wrong is that our comments at Capital Markets, of course, is usually do supersede any prior comments and we didn't make any representations on 2018 relative to 2017 at that time, but let me turn to Mr. Gustafson.
Jim Gustafson - DaVita, Inc.: That is correct. So, it's just too soon, Justin.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. I mean, I get this question a reasonable amount. So maybe, is there any color you can give us on why you felt comfortable earlier in the year talking to that, but less comfortable now? Is there any changes that you want to point us to?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: I think I just became more thoughtful.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Understood. Last question, there are a number of commercial plans like Aetna, Humana and Anthem exiting the exchanges for next year or at least some of their exchange footprint for next year. And so the payer mix could start to change in  just in terms of the plans that are still offering and where these numbers shake out. Any thoughts on how we should think about the potential of that impacting 2018? Or as you look at it, are better payers leaving, and maybe lower payers staying or is it vice versa, any insight there?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. As opposed to quantifying whether they're better or worse, I think the answer arithmetically is that is minimal change to our economics. Of course, there are some payers that are still deciding but the majority of what we've seen now is minimal impact economically because most members have a comparable option in their market.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. Thanks.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thanks, Justin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tejus Ujjani from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. This is Tejus. Thanks for taking the question. Can you share some color on the situation with Aetna? From public court docs, it looks like there is an ongoing feud in which they're requesting member records related to CPA, and if I'm correct, DVA is basically refusing to provide the records. Any color you can share on that status and as well as the administrative subpoena from the DoJ on AKF related patients?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. That request that Aetna had was denied and we're working with Aetna to get a download under what's in, to make sure that we adhere to the contract and that we get them the proper documents
Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. And any, can you share your latest thoughts on some of the legislative efforts out in California? I think people are familiar with SB 349 regarding the minimum staffing requirements. But there's another item called AB 251, that I think is still in progress out there. I mean it's essentially attempting to mandate medical loss ratios or cap dialysis clinics to like 15% and I think DVA has quite a bit of exposure out in California. Just trying to think about how you're, understand that situation and how you think about the risk.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Both of these bills are being driven by a union, and what we're saying is, this is an unprecedented act, this AB 251. And of course, it is not good for patients. It is not good for the citizen because there are some centers that are profitable and they carry all the centers that are not profitable. And so, if that passes, it would have a disruption to the care and over the long haul, it would be a real problem for the ERs and for the patients there. So we hope that policy makers will see through this as what it is, which is bad policy, and we of course are working hard with all our constituents in the community to educate them.
Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Whit Mayo from Robert Baird. Your line is now open.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Good afternoon. Looking at the cost per treatment in the quarter, if I isolate all of the EPO purchases just within the June quarter, was it all under the new contract or did you have any purchases or any old inventory that you were working through rather I should say? And I'm just trying to think through the run rate going forward.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. All of the purchases were under the new contract for this quarter.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: So, does the second quarter have the full benefit of the new contract or is there a tail on this that we should consider as the year plays out?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: It's got the benefit that's intended to have for this year.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay, got it. And maybe just any details on DaVita Health Solutions. I think you announced a new segment during the quarter. Just kind of curious more on what the model is and can it be built out, the infrastructure. Do you need to acquire any capabilities such as home health and SNF, just any color on exactly what this business is?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Sure. I'm happy to answer, although we don't want to put too much of a spotlight on it because it's just a startup and so it will take time before it would ever really warrant a significant amount of attention. But to your specific question as to whether or not we need to acquire any capabilities, no, not within the current scope of the business. One of the beauties of what we do at DaVita Health Solutions is capabilities that we've been practicing at the DaVita Medical Group for 10, 15, 20 years in most cases. And so, its stuff that we're very good at, we're very credible at. And so, we look forward to advancing the cause and for those who aren't familiar, the short characterization of what we do is, is we got to a payer and take over responsibility for the top X thousand and some of their most sick, most expensive, most at risk patients and in particular focused on SNF management and house calls. Although, there is other things we do as well including at times, palliative care, et cetera. So that's a little bit of a thumbprint.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got it. And maybe my last question just on DaVita Medical Group. There was a jump in the capitated revenue in the quarter but the capitated lives declined sequentially and year-over-year. So, is there anything notable to call out, anything one-time, any payments we should be aware of?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: There was a change in the accounting. Some of our shared risk contracts converted to global risk. The net result is the institutional component of the cost, which used to be accounted for on a net basis, is now accounted for on a gross basis, which drives the revenue up.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. I guess, I'll follow-up afterwards.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from John Ransom from Raymond James. Your line is now open.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hi. Look, I realize I'm talking my book here, but we ran some analysis on paper, the economics of selling DMG and buying back stock are pretty overwhelmingly positive for shareholders. I know what the bodyline has been, but maybe you could reiterate the bodyline and what it would take to maybe shift your thinking, if at all?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Sure. So, look, we talked extensively at Capital Markets Day about our capital allocation strategy and our focus on OI growth and return on capital. I'm not going to reiterate that, nothing has changed. Regarding the specific analysis, really two major drivers driving most of the value in your report. One is increased leverage, and we could achieve that increased leverage whether we sell DMG or not. The second was the implied increase in EBITDA multiple, which is hard to count on. So, that's our thinking about the analysis regarding DMG, look, we've laid out a plan to drive OI growth of $100 million or so over a couple of years. We feel good about the business. So, that's where we are.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Taylor from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good evening. I just had a question about DMG for 2018. I know you had previously talked about the MA rates constituting about a $30 million headwind. You're taking a goodwill charge of $51 million, which I understand is present value of DMG or certain markets over time. So I guess my primary question here is, is there any change to how you've evaluated the rate headwind for 2018 since the Capital Markets Day?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: No change.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then in that same discussion in the press release that you had mentioned the rate pressure for 2018, but also makes comment about increasing medical costs, and I presume that was kind of talking about 2018 and I presumed it meant rate pressure in the context of a business where medical costs rise and I just wanted to make sure that was  those presumptions were correct and there wasn't some other comment about something happening in terms of medical costs in the near-term?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: No, I think your characterization is fair.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We show no further questions in queue at this time.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Operator, we'll just give it another 15, 20 seconds just to make sure.
Operator: We have a question from Margaret Kaczor from William Blair. Your line is now open.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Two from me, real quick. In terms of Renal Ventures, can you give us an update in terms of what stage you are at right now in incorporating them into DaVita and how should we look at the next few quarters in terms of cost for that acquisition?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: We are in the initial parts of the integration. We, of course, will have the one-time cost in year one. And then, we will have them in a normalized way by fourth quarter or so going into Q1 of next year's run rate.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then in terms of the joint venture that you guys have in China, it's been a while since we've heard about that. Can you talk a little bit about how much investment has gone into that partnership at this point? What have you learned and maybe what's been surprising at the upside or the downside?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: So, we don't disclose the specific capital that we've allocated internationally. In terms of China specifically, it's a fascinating market. It's growing incredibly rapidly from a patient standpoint. That said, we have learned the challenges of entering China as a multinational corporation. We are looking at our strategy going forward thinking about partnerships as an opportunity for entering the market specifically.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: And let me just try to clarify Margaret, were you referring to our Asia-Pacific joint venture with Mitsui and Khazanah or were you referring to a very, very tiny dialysis joint venture we had in one particular geography in China?
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: The former.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. And so, what  that partnership still exists, and in fact, Khazanah and Mitsui just put in their second tranche of their committed $300 million investment. So, there is another $100 million in the balance sheet as of the last 24 hours or so, and we continue to look forward to working with them to grow that business over the long term.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Are you guys saying revenues and I guess, P&L expenses for that business, and where are you reporting that? Is that the other line?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Right now our international operations are just reported in one set full piece, and for the near term, that's really our intention.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: All right, thanks.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Margaret.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Lake from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. Just a few more here, since we got the time. I know you got a question on DMG post the goodwill impairments. The commentary in the press release indicated that it's going to be tough to offset that $30 million of rate pressure next year. Should we think about that as, given the fact that you took those impairments, it's less likely you can offset that $30 million and we should think about that as potentially a greater risk than you even mentioned at the Investor Day or is this just kind of mechanical?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: It's more mechanical, Justin. There hasn't been any change in our assessment of the risk upside or downside since Capital Markets.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. And then, it was really helpful to get an updated view on the international business. Anything you could tell us about what you expect to have in terms of ancillary and corporate losses that's built into the guidance for this year?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Could you say the question again, Justin? I'm not sure on exactly what you're going for.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Well, I guess just trying to understand, the international business is generating losses. We also know that you have corporate costs that basically offset dialysis income. And so the corporate costs and the ancillary businesses that are losing money, any thoughts like, can you share with us what you think those losses could be as we're trying to model out 2017? Any projection for corporate losses and ancillary and  or I should say corporate and ancillary losses for 2017?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: So would you be primarily referring to the strategic initiatives line item or something else?
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Correct. No, that's it. That's the ancillary business.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. Yeah, Justin, what you're seeing in that number and the reason why it grew is, you're seeing the effects of the management fee from Rx that we talked about in Capital Markets.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Sure.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: So, you'll see that run rate continue.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. So this is a reasonable run rate the second quarter for the rest of the year.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: The other aspect of this question is the SI line.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. On the SIs, you're talking about the $25 million this quarter and that is mainly again, Rx. It's got an addition of some integrated care initiatives, but the bulk of it is Rx.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then just a couple of the numbers questions, DSOs were up four days year-over-year and two days sequentially. Anything to note here?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Nothing particular to note other than our run rate is going to be more in the range that it is now. We had some operational changes and we think that this is the right range going forward.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And lastly, in the press release you noted that the company obviously did a significant amount of share repo in the second quarter but hadn't done any post June, so nothing in July. Anything we should read into that?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: No.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, so we should  at the Investor Day you had talked about share repurchase being a significant use of free cash flow. We should still expect that to continue through the rest of the year, is that reasonable?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, Nothing about our plans for capital allocation and share repurchase specifically has changed. We think the $230 million that we bought back during the quarter was a good pace for us. There are a lot of criteria that go into whether we buy at a moment in time that relates to our cash flow, our growth, our leverage levels, the stock price, etcetera, and as a reminder we are blacked out at certain points because of earnings and other issues.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Sure. That's helpful. Thanks guys.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: All right, thanks, Justin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tejus Ujjani from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi, thanks for taking the follow-up question. Just want to clarify one of the responses to my question on the Aetna records. When you said it was denied, did you mean DaVita denied the request or the court denied the request?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: The court.
Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And then also just to go back to the Capital Markets Day, and DaVita Rx, you talked about $70 million to $90 million EBITDA headwind. I think some of that was from loss of patient volume associated with co-pay support as well as fortifying some compliance. But you mentioned that that wasn't at all related to the AKF. Can you just clarify who is providing that support if it wasn't the AKF and also kind of how much of headwind was that actually in the quarter?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: I do not know the technical answer as to who provides that support. So, we'll have to get back to you on that. And we also added a couple of things as to why the  it is what it is. We also said that the pharmaceutical pricing had not passed, so that was a pass through in essence when prices go up that had not increased. And then secondly, we talked about a contract that had changed its contribution in addition to the two other items that you brought up. And that run rate, that $70 million to $90 million hit is included in this quarter.
Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much. Appreciate it.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from John Ransom from Raymond James. Your line is now open.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, sorry if you have addressed this. I'm just old and forgetful. But the cadence of the EPO purchasing benefit. I mean, we've taken some statements from the manufacturer to interpret that to mean, it's sort of equally weighted between this year and next year. Is that a fair way to think about it?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: I don't know if we can comment on that. We have big restrictions on what we can say on the contract. So I think, we're going to have to pass on that one.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Well. I thought I would try anyway. All right. Thank you.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thanks, John. Good try.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks.
Operator: We show no further questions in queue at this time. Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Okay. Well. Thank you all for your interest. We'll work hard for you between now and the next time we talk. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - DaVita, Inc. Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc. Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc. Vijay Kotte - DaVita, Inc. Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.
Analysts: Catherine Anderson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Lisa Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd. Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC Scott R. Schaper - William Blair & Co. LLC
Operator: Welcome, everyone, and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of this conference. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Jim Gustafson. Jim, you may begin.
Jim Gustafson - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Ann, and welcome everyone to our first quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. And with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Joel Ackerman, our new CFO; Javier Rodriguez, CEO of DaVita Kidney Care; Vijay Kotte, Chief Financial Officer (sic) [Chief Value Officer] (00:54) of DaVita Medical Group; Jim Hilger, our Chief Accounting Officer; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. Please note that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to us and we do not intend and undertake no delay to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release filed with the SEC and available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, Jim, and welcome everyone to this quarterly call. On a summary basis, at the enterprise level, it was a solid performance in a pretty dynamic environment, as you all well know. And at this point, we are on plan to deliver within our guidance, all the normal risks associated therewith. Before we get into any more specifics of our Q1 performance, we will start, as we always do, with our clinical performance. We are, first and foremost, a caregiving company. First, within the DaVita Medical Group, we have a program called Ride the Wave where we attempt to reach out to each and every one of our senior members, that's 360,000 human beings and we hit our goal of just over 95% of these seniors seen at least once during the past year in 2016. This is radically different from the level of care that Medicare patients and Fee-For-Service ever get, and radically different than many other MA plans as well. On to Kidney Care with an equally significant factoid, one-third of our commercial contracts now contain a value-based component. And under these contracts, we typically have catheter targets. And within those targets, we had a 15% improvement in the catheter rate through our improved clinical processes in coordination with payers, et cetera. As many of you know, patients with catheters are nine times more likely to contract a bloodstream infection, and that leads to serious hospitalizations and a lot of other bad stuff. As always, we hasten to emphasize that our quality care, a differentially high quality care not only results in healthier patients, but also drives down healthcare costs. Now, I'll turn it over to Javier for Kidney Care.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Kent, and good afternoon. Q1 was in line with what we expected in Kidney Care. I'll summarize the financial performance and discuss some of the key business drivers. Non-acquired growth for the quarter was 3.8%, which is within the range of our long-term expectation of 3.5% to 4.5% on an annual basis. Our adjusted operating income was $380 million for the quarter. The decrease versus fourth quarter of 2016 was driven by both normal seasonal factors and other factors that we outlined as part of our 2017 guidance. Let me elaborate on each. First, there were normal seasonal factors, including higher EPO utilization due to the flu season, higher payroll taxes in the first quarter of each year and two fewer treatment days. Second, we faced some swing factors that we've previously disclosed. Let me repeat them and provide some additional color. We'll start with the four headwinds. Number one, we experienced lower enrollment on patients on the ACA plans. Number two, we continue to see an increase of clinical teammate wages. Number three, there was a decline in adjusted operating income in our pharmacy operations. You won't be able to see this in our segment breakout for the first quarter because improvements in other ancillary businesses helped offset this decrease, but you will see the decrease in future quarters. Finally, revenue was higher in the first quarter of 2017, as our forecasted commercial rate decreases take place later in the year. Now let me shift to a couple of the tailwinds. As discussed previously, we have temporarily decreased our compensation accruals in 2017 due to a switch from profit share programs to a 401(k) match program, and we benefited from lower EPO pricing from our recent renegotiated contract with Amgen. The primary adjustment to our Kidney Care adjusted operating income in the first quarter of 2017 was a government settlement that we previously disclosed. As a reminder, we received $538 million in March. Next, we're happy to announce the closing of the acquisition of Renal Ventures effective May 1. We acquired 38 centers in six states. As part of the deal, we had to divest seven centers. The partial year financial impact of this acquisition is already incorporated into our 2017 guidance. Keep in mind that we'll incur some one-time costs to integrate the business. Finally, we just executed an extension to our partnership with Humana to provide integrated care services to approximately 7,500 Humana members with late-stage CKD and ESRD. The ESRD industry continues to move in the direction of integrated care due to the number of comorbid conditions that ESRD patients have. Our strong clinical performance improves the quality of life for patients and puts us in a good position to partner with payers to reduce costs to the healthcare system. As to outlook, we're reaffirming our 2017 Kidney Care adjusted operating income guidance of $1.525 billion to $1.625 billion. As Kent mentioned on our last earnings call, we're in a period of greater uncertainty than is usual for our Kidney Care business given the efforts around repeal and replace and the impact those efforts will have on healthcare in our country and on our business. We will continue to monitor political landscape and represent dialysis patients in those discussions. Now, on to Vijay Kotte to discuss DMG.
Vijay Kotte - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Javier. For the first quarter of 2017, DaVita Medical Group had an operating income of $12 million. These results include a few things: first, $10 million of expected rate headwind; second, nearly $7 million of previously described accelerated non-cash brand amortization for the transition from HCP to DMG; and third, $50 million of depreciation and amortization expense in the quarter. Finally, reflected in our performance were some higher-than-expected medical expenses in the quarter, driven in part by a more intense flu season in both California and Florida. These expenses were partially offset by composite results from true-ups to existing shared savings pools. As we look at the full year, it is too early to make any changes to the operating income guidance range of $110 million to $150 million, though it is more likely than not to be in the lower half of the range. We'll have more to say about this during the second quarter earnings call after we have visibility from the prior year and the mid-year revenue true-ups that typically occur during summer. Looking beyond 2017, in April, CMS issued the final Medicare Advantage rate notice for the 2018 payment year. Our analysis results in projected rates to be flat from 2017 to 2018. As you may recall, during our Capital Markets Day last year, we communicated an expectation that Medicare rates would track with medical expenses trend over the long term. As a result, we expected approximately 1.5% improvement or $30 million in rate increases for 2018, which we no longer expect to materialize, though we will do our best to mitigate some of it. We will go into further detail regarding our longer-term expectations at our Capital Markets Day later this month. Now, to Joel to discuss international and some other financial items.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Vijay. To everyone on the phone, as you probably know, this is my first earnings call, and it is a pleasure to be here. I look forward to meeting many of you at Capital Markets Day in a few weeks. First, I will address our international operations. The adjusted operating loss from our international business was $11 million. This result includes a $3.5 million currency loss within the Asia Pacific joint venture. A $6 million non-cash gain on the creation of our Asia JV has been excluded from the adjusted operating income. We continue to expect adjusted international operating losses to be approximately $20 million in 2017, excluding any currency gains or losses. We are also excited to welcome Robert Lang as the President of our International Operations. He started with us in April. Robert joins us with extensive experience growing international healthcare and insurance businesses. Next, a few financial details for the enterprise. In the quarter, we generated strong operating cash flow of $865 million, positively impacted by the settlement payment received from the government. Our operating cash flow guidance for 2017 remains $1.75 billion to $1.95 billion. Our adjusted tax rate attributable to DaVita, Inc. was 40% in the quarter, after non-GAAP adjustments highlighted in the press release. We continue to expect our adjusted effective tax rate attributable to DaVita, Inc. in 2017 to be in the range of 39.5% to 40.5%. We, like other U.S.-centric healthcare service providers, pay among the highest tax rates in corporate America. Finally, our debt expense for the quarter was $104 million. Now over to Kent for a few closing comments.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. I'll get to Q&A in one second, but just a couple of thoughts. With respect to DaVita Kidney Care, three points: number one, we are undoubtedly going through a period of regulatory turbulence; number two, the foundation, however, for this business is distinctively strong; and number three, we continue to be excited about the prospect of integrated care upside. On to the DaVita Medical Group: number one, certainly short-term operating income disappointment; but number two, we enjoy formidable market positions; and number three, have maintained a very healthy cash flow. And then lastly, with respect to international: number one, this is a controlled adventure; and number two, the long-term growth upside is really quite striking. Operator, can we move on to Q&A, please?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first question comes from Kevin Fischbeck. Kevin, your line is now open.
Catherine Anderson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. This is Catherine Anderson on for Kevin. You highlighted a $100 million headwind to guidance from commercial pricing. The last quarter, you indicated that you think it wouldn't continue into 2018. Can you talk a little bit about your managed care contracting over the past few months and how confident you are that it's a one-time reset?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, Catherine, let me see if I get the  what you're going for in your question. The short answer is you have not seen the hit because they're in the back end of the year. And how we're feeling about the environment is that the environment is very active on the one topic of charitable premium assistance, but the relationship with our payers continue to be what they have been for years. And as you see from the announcement on Humana, we continue to negotiate all of our contracts. And actually, we are in a situation where right now we are as contracted as we've been for quite some time. I don't believe we said $100 million in headwind is incorporated in our guidance. So, we'll have to check that.
Catherine Anderson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then in your guidance, were you assuming that all of the Medicaid-eligible patients who moved out of exchange funds, they were going into Medicaid this year? Has that been working out? And how much of your commercial revenue is getting support from the AKF today?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. On the first part of your question, yes, those patients have gone back to Medicaid. And as to the second part of your question, I'm not going to provide any additional details than what we've already provided.
Catherine Anderson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Jim Gustafson - DaVita, Inc.: This is Jim Gustafson. I just want to confirm, we have not given a number to the commercial rate headwind. It's incorporated in our guidance, but we didn't say $100 million.
Catherine Anderson - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Catherine.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gary. Gary, your line is now open.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi Jim, (14:48) it's me.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Hi, Gary.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. So I guess, maybe just to follow-up on the last question, Javier, regarding the commercial pricing. Is the expectation still that the pressure is going to be on the small number of, I guess, out of network rates that you expect to see decreases on?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, Gary. As you know, there's a wide distribution of rate. And what we want to do is make sure that we do what's right for the long term. So sometimes, we have some of their outliers that we need to bring in, and we do have a small set of out-of-network rates, and so those are sometimes the one we're discussing here.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then maybe you mentioned EPO, I guess, utilization being up a little bit in response to flu. Can you discuss, to whatever extent that you're willing, kind of impact it had in the quarter? Or is the new contract in place? And, I guess, are you seeing the benefit from it as you would have expected?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yes. We are seeing the benefit as we expected. And of course, we had to go down, wind down some inventory that we had, but we are experiencing the contract as we anticipated. As it relates to the spike on the seasonal, of course, it's very hard to predict and isolate because of the flu season, it's sort of a moving target, if you will. And with the prescriptions the way they are, meaning every physician gets to make their own, it's almost impossible to diagnose a number. But if you had to put it in a range or you had to bracket it, I'd put it anywhere from $5 million to $15 million or so.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then is there any way to give us any color on how the inventory issue, I guess, will benefit you to a greater extent in future quarters?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: On that, it's just basically we're winding down from inventory that was purchased at the previous contract. So, it's probably not worth worrying about.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lisa. Lisa, your line is now open.
Lisa Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Hi. I just wanted to get some clarification on the current guidance with regards to the premium support issues. So the 2,000 patients who are Medicaid-eligible, as the question earlier alluded to, so it's my understanding those have disappeared, so that's a $140 million headwind. But then you also gave guidance for another $90 million headwind from the non-Medicaid patients on the exchanges who have premium support and then also the non-Medicaid patients off the exchanges who have premium support. I'm just wondering particularly in between those two buckets, have you seen further erosion of the exchange-based book in addition to those 2,000 Medicaid-eligible? And then also separately, has there been any impact on the off-exchange individual plans?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. So, I'll try to give you as much as I know and then let me know if that answers the question. We did see those 2,000 patients that you alluded to, which is $140 million. It's probably not worth going to the detail on the $90 million, but at the end of the day, we did some handicapping as to what would happen, and the number worked out to be in the right range. And so as opposed to the journey, the destination ended up being the right one. How many patients are on and off exchange? We're kind of combining them, and there's approximately 2,500, which is, of course, give or take, half of the 3,000 plus 2,000 that we alluded to last year. Does that answer your question?
Lisa Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Okay. I'm a bit confused, because I thought there are 2,500 on exchange, 2,000 of whom are Medicaid eligible. So that leaves you with 500 who are on exchange. And you would know by now whether they've re-enrolled or not. And then there was about 1,000 who are off exchange in individual plans with premium support. At least that was my understanding of what the numbers looked like. So clearly, bucket number one, the Medicaid eligible goes away but then the others, if it's still a $90 million headwind, does that also include the impact from any rate pressure on your sort of broader private book of business?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. I think the confusion might be  we did not, to my recollection, provide detail on, on and off exchange. We basically just said that there was 5,000 patients on the exchanges. And so maybe that's where the confusion is coming from. And so we have not disclosed any additional detail. And so what I am telling you is that we have 2,500 patients that are both the addition of on and off exchange.
Lisa Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin. Justin, your line is now open.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Hi, Justin.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Good afternoon. A bunch of questions here. So I'll just ask a few and jump back into the queue. So first, just to follow up on a couple of numbers. The commercial contracting pressure, Javier, can you repeat what you said there? I apologize. I thought I caught it. But did you say that most of that hasn't actually developed yet, and that it's more of a back half of the year issue?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: I did. And we did not provide additional detail on the numbers. We were just clarifying a number that was thrown out. That wasn't a number that we had cited in the past.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. So, you haven't actually agreed to any rate cuts on these out of network? It's just something that you anticipate could happen given what's going on in the world?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: There are some that are handicapped, which we always do for you. We try to give the best stab in anticipating what's going to transpire during the year. And then there are some that have been agreed to and have an effective date that hasn't been incorporated in Q1.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. So effectively, the stuff that's been agreed to at least, that's going to be in the back half of the year, would be an incremental headwind to 2018 as they are annualized (21:43)?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Correct, it will be in our run rate. Correct.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then remind me the patients that you had, the 5,000 patients on exchanges. Can you tell me the number of patients that were in Medicaid? Was that number 2,000?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then the patients that made up the $90 million that you expected also to lose. Can you give me that number out of the 5,000?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Let me see. I don't think I could give you any additional detail on that, Justin.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. I figured I'd take a shot. So then, while we're on commercial, can you update your commercial mix now?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: What have we disclosed?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: We're still at 11%, Justin.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: You're still at 11% even after losing 2,500 patients that had commercial individual insurance?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: So at the end of the fourth quarter, we were rounding down to 11%, now we're rounding up.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, so it's down about 100 basis points. And if you were to exclude what happened in the individual market, can you give me the underlying trends?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: The trends on what, Justin?
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: I'm sorry, if you were to exclude this one-time change in the individual market, right, if we were to call it that.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. What we...
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: If you pull those numbers out, did commercial mix improve or moderate, Q4 to Q1?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, we're seeing it moderate, I guess, to use your word, flat.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then, last question before I jump back in. Just the international segment, international and other, I should say, together lost $25 million. Can you give us an idea of what you expect that  I mean I know you told us $20 million on international, can you give us a number or ballpark in the other segment for the year?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Give us one second, Justin, or maybe let's move on and we'll come back to it. That's not a number we typically are prepped on. I mean, of course, it's incorporated within our guidance and we try to do the additional service of carving out international here for the last several quarters, but the other number you're asking for is not something we've classically calculated and forecasted, so let us reflect a little bit.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. Is that mostly Part D? And is that like a reasonable run rate to think about at least, this quarter is at a reasonable run rate then? You can't give us the guidance for the year?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. I don't think we want to throw out a spontaneous answer because again, you're asking for a parsing we've never done.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: So, give us a little time to stare at it. It's not an unreasonable question. It's just not something we've ever parsed that way before.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: All right. Thanks guys.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Thanks, Justin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Margaret. Margaret, your line is now open.
Scott R. Schaper - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. This is actually Scott Schaper on for Margaret. I wanted to ask just briefly, anything going on in the rumored new push for healthcare reform and do you see that could help or hurt DaVita and its patients?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Well, there's just so much speculation, Scott. I think we could talk about what's been talked about yesterday, but it will probably be different tomorrow. And so I think it's not good to speculate.
Scott R. Schaper - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And you closed a deal this morning in the DMG group. Maybe just talk about the changes the team has made over the last two years or so in identifying quality assets that can contribute to that group. And maybe if you could, you could touch on a number of quality assets that you currently view as compelling in the way you see that going?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Okay. Scott, could you just repeat the question so I don't ramble around?
Scott R. Schaper - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah. It's just basically, what have you guys done from a management team perspective that you can point to towards identifying quality assets that can contribute almost immediately or in the near term in the DMG group versus historical where it's taken sometime or have not been great purchases at least at the start?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yes. Well, I guess, I'd give a two-part answer, and then you can come back for more. Number one, we said, think about a year ago that because we were still digesting some of the acquisitions we had made in the prior year-and-a-half that we were going to have a tighter filter on doing any new market large deals. And since that time, we haven't done any. There's always a chance that over the next year, we will do one, but there's also a very good chance we won't do any because we've got a bunch of opportunities in our existing markets and we want to focus on those. The second dimension of looking for quality assets is in our existing markets. And here, we are looking at a nice steady space of what we call tuck-in deals where we're buying or merging in small practices or medium-sized practices and attaching them to some of our existing assets. And that process is moving along quite nicely.
Scott R. Schaper - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. So that's how we should think about it, kind of smaller tuck-ins versus anything that's done on larger scale, at least for the near term?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: The odds are that that's the case. Again, every now and then, the quality new asset and a new market that's big pops up. In general, we're not price competitive on those. But you never know, maybe one day, we'll get one.
Scott R. Schaper - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just quickly for  probably for Javier. Last quarter, you guys said I think it was $10 million included in OI for Renal Ventures. Is that still how you guys are thinking about that for the remainder of the year?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: It's in the range but as we disclosed, it's not a very significant number for the year.
Scott R. Schaper - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lisa. Lisa, your line is now open.
Lisa Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Hi. Thanks for giving me the follow-up question. I was just going back to my numbers, and one thing that you did disclose in your October 31 press release was that out of that 5,000, you had 2,000 Medicaid eligible. But then of the remaining 3,000, about 1,500 were on some sort of premium support. So I suppose my question is, given that the regulations are on premium support haven't actually changed, are you seeing losses from those patients because insurance companies are successfully denying acceptance of premium support? And is there any difference in their sort of ability to do that whether it's an on-exchange or off-exchange individual plan?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. It's really hard to parse through what's going on. And so why patients are doing what they're doing with plans, exiting and other things around it. So instead of giving you a specific answer, let me just give you the total. We're at 3,000, and we're at 2,500. And so we can't parse through with clarity as to why the number changed, but that's probably better just to give you where it ends  well, where it is as opposed to where it ends.
Lisa Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Okay. That's fair enough. And then I suppose just on the disclosure generally, because it's ultimately just up to the patient whether they're getting the premium support and buying the private insurance or not, so you don't really have much visibility on the ins and outs of it. Is that fair?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: It's fair. Yes.
Lisa Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Great. Thanks.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin. Justin, your line is now open.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. So a few more here. I'll just follow up here to see if I could try this one more time, this individual stuff. Just going through the numbers, it does seem interesting. So the 2,000 Medicaid lives that you said were on individual plans are now  are back on Medicaid, right? And that costs $140 million. Is that the correct way to think about those?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Let's just be clear about one thing. It's important. They never left Medicaid.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: No, I apologize. You're right.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: So they lost supplemental coverage, which in most cases, was a beautiful thing for improved coverage and care. And they lost that in the midst of all the controversy, but they were never off of Medicaid.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. I'll move on from the subject. If we could just talk a little bit about DMG, you talked about there was  you had expected a $30 million improvement in rates for 2018, and now it looks like you're not going to get those. Given the rates looked pretty benign at least on the high-end, I know there is rate changes at the accounting level as well from rebasing. Can you just tell us what changed in your mind that took that $30 million to zero?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, Justin, I think the basic premise is that we expected over time that the rate setting process with CMS would more or less have the rates track with the market medical expense trend in the markets that we operate in. And we didn't know if we would have them one year, two years or what the longer timeframe would be, but we expected it to track more or less. And the bottom line is that we now know the 2018 rates will not do that because they're going to be relatively flat. And it's about 0.5% difference versus what CMS expected overall, and that is the geographic differential. But ultimately, the $30 million is a headwind because we do expect the medical expense trend next year, and it won't be covered through rates.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. So when you think about that, does it put a risk on your ability to hit that $250 million target that you put out there for 2019 for DMG?
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. No doubt, the $30 million is a headwind, and we're going to work with our payers and our providers to do our best to mitigate as much of that as possible. But on the other hand, I do think that we are more confident about our ability to increase the savings and efficiencies in administration between now and then.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: But Justin, Kent Thiry here. It was an assumption we had that turned out to be incorrect. And so it's definitely a reduction. And now the challenge becomes how many other places can we find anything incremental for a partial offset.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. And then you mentioned this Humana contract on Integrated Care, certainly sounds interesting. Can you give us any more color in terms of how this is set up? For instance, this is a full capitation, or is it risk sharing on these numbers?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Sure. It is a mix of both of those. So we have some set fees, and we have some things that relate against value based, in particular, in CKD. And so there's a whole bunch of things that are trying to reward good transitions into ESRD and savings around the transition around that.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And so you had talked about obviously the opportunity for Medicaid to actually make a profit in Medicare by offering these capabilities to managed care. And I think you had even talked about there's a number that's been thought of in terms of the potential upside versus just providing a Medicare treatment. Is it fair to think of the economics here as similar to that upside that you typically have in Medicare Advantage in terms of what you get paid for in treatment? Or is it better or worse than that?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Well, Justin, I'll go first on this one. It varies all over the map and not only by a private payer does it vary by contract, but also even within Medicare and Medicare Advantage, it differs geographically and it differs by what the baselines are that you start with. So it's a wide distribution curve.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Right. I can see that must be tough to nail down. Okay. I will leave it there. Thanks for all the questions, guys. Appreciate it.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Thanks, Justin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gary. Gary, your line is now open.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Maybe just  on a similar topic. At the end of last year, the industry, it sounded like felt pretty good about moving some legislation or trying to get some legislation moved through Congress that would make it easier to move towards an accountable care model. Any comments on what you think the chances are for something to get attached in the current Congress?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: I'd make two points. First, a generic one, that in a world where Congress is passing very little of anything, it makes it very difficult to find a vehicle to attach to because there's lots of people with lots of attachments and very few vehicles, and so that's an environmental problem that exists for us and others. Second, as to the particulars of our Patient Act that we have a real shot. You never know how this works, you would never say the odds are on your side, because in a world where little is being passed, you just can never say that. But it's a highly respected piece of legislation with broad bipartisan support. I'll remind everyone that we passed the House Ways & Means Committee late last fall with one dissenting vote in a year when that virtually never happened in any piece of substantive legislation in the House. Having said that, it's a real battle each new year to try to rise above the noise. And so, I think, I just have to leave it as we have a real shot, and we're working hard and it would be a tremendous victory for both patients and the taxpayers and that's increasingly known and increasingly attractive, but that doesn't mean it's in the home stretch.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. That's very helpful. Thanks a lot.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: You're welcome, Gary.
Operator: We show no further questions on queue at this time.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: All right. Thank you all for your continued interest in DaVita, and we will do our best for you between now and Capital Markets in a few weeks. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - DaVita, Inc. Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc. Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc. Vijay Kotte - DaVita, Inc. James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc. LeAnne M. Zumwalt - DaVita, Inc.
Analysts: Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs & Co. Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC
Operator: Welcome and thank you, for standing by. At this time, all participants will be on listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Jim Gustafson. You may begin.
Jim Gustafson - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Daisy, and welcome, everyone, for our fourth quarter conference call. I appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. With me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Javier Rodriguez, the CEO of DaVita Kidney Care; Vijay Kotte, Chief Financial Officer of DaVita Medical Group; Jim Hilger, our Chief Accounting Officer and Interim CFO; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. I'd like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statements. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings included in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to us and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, Jim, and thanks, everyone for joining our call. We will start as we always do with our clinical performance. We are first and foremost a clinical enterprise. Within the DaVita Medical Group, we had great news on our star ratings most of you are familiar with that. If you think about it, we have six main markets and there are nine key star measures, so a total of 54 cells in that grid, and 31 of those 54 cells, we have a five-star rating, that's 57%, and 47 of the 54 categories are either a four or a five, 87%. Those are our best results ever and we doubt that any other multimarket set of medical groups can match them. So, very proud of that. Within Kidney Care, CMS recently released the results of the ESRD quality incentive program, which is called QIP, we significantly outperform the industry for the fourth year in a row. Our penalty percentage was about 50% less than the rest of the industry, so a very large difference. And we, as always, remain big supporters of the transparency in both the quality incentive program and the five-star programs in both DaVita Kidney Care and DaVita Medical Group. Now, I will turn it over to Javier Rodriguez to discuss Kidney Care.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Kent, and good afternoon. I'm going to jump right in, because I have a lot to cover. Our adjusted operating income was $423 million for the quarter on relatively flat U.S. dialysis revenue and patient care costs per treatment, resulting in an adjusted operating income of $1.715 billion for 2016, which is near the midpoint of the adjusted guidance we provided last quarter of $1.695 billion to $1.725 billion. Now, I'm going to shift to provide some details on our 2017 Kidney Care adjusted operating income guidance of $1.525 billion to $1.625 billion, which we first provided in January. I'm going to cover four headwinds and two tailwinds in depth. Let's start with the headwinds. First, the early results from open enrollment indicate that the number of dialysis patients covered in ACA plans for 2017 will be down significantly year-over-year, consistent with what we have previously disclosed. This decline appears to be driven by changes in plan design, loss of plan choices in certain markets and disruption generally in the market, including the impact of the interim final rule. As you know, the federal court issued an injunction, which prevented the rule from being enacted, concluding that the rule was arbitrary and capricious. In fact, the judge found material fault with both the process and content with the IFR, indicating that significant harm would be done to thousands of patients if the rule had been implemented. While this was a big victory for dialysis patients, in general, we still estimate that the earning impact from the overall loss of enrollment will be consistent with what we had previously disclosed at approximately $230 million. On to the second headwind, like other healthcare providers, we've been experiencing wage inflation and turnover that is higher than our historical rates. Clinical teammates costs represent our largest expense. So even a small change in these costs are impactful. Third as Kent mentioned earlier this year, our guidance range incorporates known and forecasted rate decreases. To try and be helpful. I'll ask and answer questions that I would have if I was in your roles. First, has something structurally changed in our core business? The answer is, no. Are there more contracts than usual up for renewal this year? The answer is, no. Has leverage with payers changed? The answer is, no. They have always been formidable negotiators. Well, then if all this is true, why are you experiencing rate reductions? The answer is that the political dynamics and the intensity of the conversation surrounding charitable premium assistance increased the scrutiny on ESRD rates. And in a subset of our situations, we felt that it was appropriate to respond when the rates were unusually high in exchange for long-term sustainable agreements. The last question I'll ask myself on this topic is, how should we think about the future? Unfortunately, I can't provide much help here. It's hard to speculate in timeframes beyond 2017, and, as has been the case for the past decade, we remain focused on negotiating agreements at long-term sustainable rates and attractive terms. The last headwind I will discuss is that we expect significant decreases in operational income in our pharmacy business in 2017, as a result of several factors impacting rates, volume and cost. Now, let's shift on to the tailwinds. The first, as we disclosed in January, we signed a new supply agreement with Amgen. We entered into a six-year deal that provides for substantial savings starting in 2017, however, the specific terms including pricing are confidential. Secondly, historically, we have had a profit share program in lieu of a traditional 401(k) match, and we're now switching to a 401(k) match effective in 2018. The net effect of this change is a one-time expense pick-up in 2017 of approximately $100 million just due to the timing of the accruals. Please keep in mind that this will create an additional expense when comparing 2018 to 2017, because we will begin to accrue for a 401(k) match in 2018. The aggregation of this is unfortunately  the net results of all these factors is that year-over-year we will have a decline of adjusted operating income of approximately $140 million at the midpoint of our guidance. This guidance includes the majority of probabilistic outcomes, but there are scenarios where we could be higher and lower. Please note that we do not expect the operational income to be distributed evenly throughout the year due to several reasons, two of which are normal season factors, so for example, there are two fear treatment days in the first quarter compared to Q4, and one fear treatment day compared to Q1 of 2016. And secondly, there are seasonally higher payroll taxes in Q1. As for the outlook, Kent will discuss this in his closing comments. So, now, I'll hand it over to Vijay Kotte to discuss DMG.
Vijay Kotte - DaVita, Inc.: Thanks, Javier. DaVita Medical Group had solid operating performance in Q4 2016 with operating income of $22 million. This includes approximately $7 million of non-cash accelerated amortization expense for our transition to the DMG brand as noted on our previous earnings call. As a reminder, this accelerated amortization began in September 2016 and will run for 30 months at a rate of approximately $2.2 million per month. In terms of the full-year, we ended 2016 with an adjusted operating income of $135 million, which places us slightly above the midpoint of our most recent guidance range. This includes approximately $9 million of incremental amortization expense related to rebranding for the year. Turning next to our expectations for 2017. We mentioned on our prior earnings call that we were anticipating 2017 to be roughly flat year-over-year. Based on the completion of our annual budget process and our review of open enrollment results, thus far, we believe this continues to be the case and are giving 2017 guidance of $110 million to $115 million. A natural question might be why we are only expecting relatively flat year-over-year performance. To answer that, I'd say that we expect continued operating improvement, but anticipate operating income to be relatively flat due to a few formidable headwinds. First, $40 million in rate cuts, $30 million of which are related to Medicare Advantage and $10 million in Medicaid. Second, $26 million of brand amortization expense, which is $17 million more than what we had in 2016. And third, incremental investments in the business that we expect will improve our performance downstream focused in three main areas: Number one, core infrastructure such as a new enterprise data warehouse. Number two, innovative new capabilities as we continue to build a differentiated medical group, including the development of telemedicine capabilities, which will allow us to engage patients face-to-face outside the walls of our clinics or check-in between office visits as well as mobile shot technology that will provide our clinicians safe, remote, critical patient data regardless of where they are. And then number three, expansion of existing population health capabilities into new markets, as we shift from fee-for-service to value. As you can see, staying flat in operating income masked some pretty strong operating performance improvement as we overcome these headwinds. Finally, as we look towards our long-term operating income, our 2019 target remained $215 million. Now, to Jim Hilger for some financial details on the quarter.
James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc.: Thanks, Vijay. I'll first address our international operations. Adjusted international operating income was $2 million in the quarter, and adjusted international operating losses were $27 million for the full-year. Q4 international equity earnings from our APAC JV benefited from a $7 million currency gain within the JV. However, this gain was largely offset by a $6 million currency loss reported in other income, which is reported below operating income. These results are better than our guidance of approximately $40 million in adjusted international losses in 2016. We expect international operating losses to be approximately $20 million in 2017. Now, on to cash flow. In 2016, we generated strong operating cash flow of $1.96 billion, positively impacted by the timing of certain working capital items that will likely reverse in 2017. Our operating cash flow guidance for 2017 is $1.75 billion to $1.95 billion. 2017 cash flow should be unusually high relative to adjusted operating income, primarily due to the net cash proceeds from the government payer settlement that we expect to receive in the first quarter. Next, during the fourth quarter, we repurchased 6.7 million shares of our stock for $416 million. And for all of 2016, we deployed $1.1 billion to repurchase more than 16.6 million shares of our stock, which represents approximately 8% of our outstanding share count over the past year. Now, a few tax items of note. The lower effective tax rate in the quarter was due to lower realized day tax rates and related true-ups. Our expected full-year tax rate attributable to DaVita in 2017 will be in the range of 39.5% to 40.5%, excluding any non-GAAP items. And please note that DaVita like many other U.S.-centric healthcare service providers pays among the highest tax rates in corporate America. Now, over to Kent for a few closing comments.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: I'd like to finish with just a few words on each of our businesses. In Kidney Care, we are in a period of greater policy uncertainties, and is the norm, if you look back over the last 10 years or so, not unique, but more than the norm. And so, while we expect a continuation of the positive operating performances we have had for several years, given the policy uncertainty, we could in fact do better or worse than the outlook that we've discussed today and earlier this year. The big and obvious reasons are all the uncertainties surrounding what the new administration and the new Congress will do with respect to the Affordable Care Act. In addition, we do know that despite the immensely favorable Federal Court ruling on the IFR, nonetheless the debate over what will happen with charitable premium assistance, not just in Kidney Care, but in all spheres of American healthcare. In addition to the debates about benefit, design, and benefit implementation, we'll continue to play out over the next couple of years as much as all of us would love clarity to emerge sooner. And it is worthwhile to note that there are also upsides embedded in this uncertainty with respect to issues like MSP, Medicare secondary provision, accelerating our patients' right to choose MA plans, the patient act enabling us to do global capitation in centers throughout the country et cetera. And as we often point to the Kidney Care platform in the United States remains very strong. The international business segment, we continue to grow at a good clip and progress towards reasonable scale and we continue to expect that we will breakeven in 2018 in international dialysis for our current footprint of countries, hopefully a platform emerging with a lot of downstream growth potential. And then lastly, the DaVita Medical Group, DMG, which has proven to be a remarkably resilient platform with capabilities improving each and every quarter at this point. You probably noted that without the non-cash amortization there would have been a nice uptick in our thoughts around the operating income trajectory. And in addition, there is growing MA support, Medicare Advantage support, in the administration and in Congress and we hope that translates into a better rate environment in the next few years than the very, very, very difficult one we've had the last few years. And lastly, at the enterprise level, we'll make the typical obvious, but nonetheless worth noting point that our cash flows are strong, steady and hopefully we've demonstrated reasonable thoughtfulness in how we've deployed that wonderful shareholder asset and we'll continue to do so. Operator, could we please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. One moment for our incoming questions. Our first question comes from Kevin Fischbeck [Bank of America Merrill Lynch]. Your line is open.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thanks. Just wanted to go back to the pricing headwind that you guys talked about. Is this an issue of out of network being pushed in network?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Short answer is, no.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then we think about then re-pricing some of your contracts that maybe were above average, is that something that you feel is now completely done or is the way that contract timing works, we might see additional pressure like this heading into 2018?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, Kevin, what I would say is that we can't predict 2018. What we do know is that the climate and the landscape has changed, that with the new administration, with so many patients leaving the exchange, and therefore, having less dialysis patients than the benchmark, when the injunction relief, that right now, the landscape is materially different for 2018, and so while that does not mean we will win, we're back to a very balanced situation. Is that helpful?
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. No, I think that makes some sense. And then, I guess if you could just  really wasn't clear to me exactly what's going on in the pharmacy business, what the headwinds are there? And when we think about the headwinds into 2017, is that something that is now in the numbers, or is that something that we should be expecting to pressure the business additionally in the future?
James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc.: I'll grab that one, Kevin. I'll probably be pretty redundant to what JR said, that there's a whole bunch of stuff going on there, unfortunately, largely negative. And so, without parsing it all out, it's a bunch of stuff that at the same time has hit rate, volume and cost, leading to the substantial decline that JR talked about. And it's conceivable that through the course of the year, we might actually even move into a loss situation for the first time in a long time, and we'll of course keep you posted on that. So, it was important enough for us to point to, and we'll keep you posted as we move through the year.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Is that a business that you feel you need to be in strategically, or is that something that if it heads this direction, it becomes a loss that you could potentially get out of?
James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc.: From a strategic, and from a clinical, and from a mission perspective, we love the business. It does remarkable things for our patients' clinical outcomes, and the access and convenience, and support that they and their families so intensely need. Having said that, if you said that the premise was ever we're going to lose money forever, then we'd have to take a good hard look, but that's not our expectation and that's not our intention.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess, there's a lot of things going on there, so it might be hard to explain in a short period of time. But I guess, just any color that you can provide around that, just so that we now have a sense of whether we think this will get better or worse going forward, I guess, it's kind of vague, and I'm not sure how to think about it.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Maybe we'll go a little bit more in Capital Markets, because we never had to talk about it much and we had a couple very nice years there. And so, part of this is a drop from some really good things that happened that we didn't talk about because of the timing of the bad period we felt it important to cover that on this side. So, why don't we share more at Capital Markets? And in general, a material movement in profits for Rx, that starts to look pretty immaterial when you think of it just as a part of our Kidney Care offering overall. And so, we don't want to place an emphasis on it that's out of proportion to the actual absolute numbers.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. That will be helpful. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tejus Ujjani. Your line is open.
Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. This is Tejus Ujjani. Thanks for taking the question. How should we think about U.S. center growth going into 2017? And then also, can you remind us of your JV strategy? And also kind of a modeling question, I noticed the NCI stepped down a bit sequentially, any color there would be helpful? Thanks.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Let me take the first part. The first part on our non-acquired growth in Kidney Care, we're going to be consistent to the range that we've highlighted on the 3.5% to 4.5%. And if you could repeat the second part of your question?
Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Sure. So, on your JV, you have joint ventures as well, so just curious kind of in 2017, will there be any change in kind of going after those opportunities as well? And then, kind of more remodeling question, I noticed that the non-controlling interest expense amount stepped down sequentially and year-over-year in this fourth quarter, I'm just curious kind of what drove that?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Got it. As it relates to going after JVs, we remained consistent in our philosophy there, which is, we really like the clinical value that a joint venture partner offers. So, that has not changed and we don't expect that to change. As it relates to the number, Jim's got an answer.
James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, Tejus, the reason NCI dropped in the quarter was related to the goodwill impairment at one of our SIs, we took a $28 million impairment, there was $8 million related to that was impacted NCI. If you look in our non-GAAP reconciliation in the back of our earnings release, you can see the numbers.
Tejus Ujjani - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Lake [Wolfe Research]. Your line is open.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. [Technical Difficulty] (24:37-24:46)?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Hey Justin. Justin you were all garbled there the first 10 words or so. We couldn't hear them could you start over.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Sorry about that, I just said, I'm in airport. So, current pricing (24:59) pressure, can you tell us how much more patients you have at these higher rates that could be subject to pressure going forward, I know you can't predict it. But you did a similar amount that you still have these rates that you've already seen get re-priced or is it more or less?
Vijay Kotte - DaVita, Inc.: Well, it's less than before, given what happened. And I think it's  I don't think it's a good idea to sort of discuss the distribution curve. I mean there is always going to be one, of course, but it can have a different shape and ours has been very steadily becoming a tighter distribution curve over the last eight years, consistent with the strategy that we've expressed to you. So, unfortunately, we can't sit here and say that there is no downside going forward. Having said that, we just incurred a big chunk of it.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: And now last on Medicare Advantage, you noted the final (26:04) and your stars are improving, can you tell us what you think your rates could be for 2018? And how that might affect your DaVita Medical Group business? Thanks.
James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Justin, it's a little early for us at this point. As you know, there's a lot of variability between the advanced and the final notice. We've got some very high-level assumptions that have been put out, but the accounting level specifics are very important for us. So, it's way too early to tell and when we get more information, we'll let you all know.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thanks, Justin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Lieberman [Wells Fargo Securities]. Your line is open.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for taking my question. Maybe one housekeeping item. Jim, what was the share count at the end of the year?
James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc.: It's in our earnings release. Hang on.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Sorry.
James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc.: Fully diluted, at the end of the quarter, that will average for the quarter was 196,743,187.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And what was at the absolute end of the year?
James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc.: We'll get back to you, though. We're...
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Yeah, that was the number I was looking for. Javier, you mentioned that the landscape you think was more balanced going in to 2018, given some of the recent events. Is there any chance that, that helps you at all in 2017 or is everything kind of locked and loaded for 2017 already?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Well, it's not locked and loaded. The probabilistic gives and takes embedded in the number that we gave you.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. So, maybe it's not unreasonable, I think it might be a little bit better than initially thought?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: It could be a little better, it could be a little worse. In the name of the game, we try to be as constructive and productive as we can and give you as much as we can and that's what's embedded in our guidance.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. And then if we think about the total, the $230 million hit, the two buckets you broke it out into, was the Medicaid and the non-Medicaid. So, in future years given the court decision, is it possible that the non-Medicaid comes back? How should we think about the opportunity there?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. On the non-Medicaid, I doubt that it would come back. I would just  I would say no to that, although you never say no to anything nowadays, because everything is being questioned. And so, is that the bulk part of your question or is there something else in that?
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: No, I think that's sort of the bulk of the question. And then maybe just to wrap up Kent, I think this is a question for you. You guys bought back a record amount of stock last year. I mean going into this year with EBIT expectations to be down for the first time in a while, there is a little bit of a dichotomy there, obviously, it sounds like you guys are pretty bullish on the business with the stock repurchase. So, can you maybe help reconcile that for us and what makes you so optimistic about the business going forward?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Okay. Gary, if you could clarify for me, where do you see the apparent contradiction?
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Well, just that you guys are obviously bullish about the business with the large stock repurchase, and the EBIT guidance for next year is down, which is not typically the case, so that sort of what I'm pointing out as maybe a little bit of a dichotomy?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Well, I don't know if I quite think about it the same way, so that makes me stumble around here for a second, and see if it can be useful. As we accumulate cash, if we're not thinking that we've got the right business opportunities to invest in, there's a point at which we get someone uncomfortable, and usually a bunch of you do also with the amount. And then we do stare at the price of the stock, and we are not in the camp that some people are in, where they just say buybacks are  buyback decisions should be made totally independent of what the stock price is. We're not in that camp, nor do we think that we're excellent prognosticators of which way the stock moves as you can tell from a lot of the decisions we've made over time, whether it's stock buybacks, or option exercises, or whatever. So, we're appropriately humble in thinking about that, and there's always upside and downside. So, clearly, putting all that stuff together, and the fact that it didn't feel at all appropriate to use your money to pay down debt, we thought it was right to put the cash to work by buying back stock, put it to work for you rather than having it sit for a longer and longer period of time on our balance sheet. And of course, we didn't want to reduce our standards for making additional business investments. It is also the case that we think that while 2017 is going to be a very tough year compared to perhaps any year in memory that things are going to be better as we move forward out of 2017, it's not to say there isn't risk, but that's where we lean. So, is any of that helpful to you in trying to resolve what you feel is sort of a contradiction?
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: No, I think that is helpful, I mean maybe could you be more specific on some of the things that you think get better post-2017.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Well, it doesn't take much to get better. Taking a couple of hundred million dollars in hits between government actions and big payer hits. We've never had that happen in, I think, 17 years and so, just by not being another 2017, it already is a very nice step-up. In addition, the fact is when we do eliminate some higher than usual rates that is another element of downside that's gone. In addition, we do have some policy upsides. In addition, we're hoping that DMG and international start to be incremental contributors. So, I think those are some of the reasons beyond just the continued positive operating performance of our core U.S. Kidney Care platform, leads us to think we've got a very good chance of doing better.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. That's perfect. Thank you very much.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Hey Gary, while I've got you on the phone, both Jim and I have answers. This is Javier. I don't think I was clear in my answer. I might have even misspoken. The Medicaid is likely not to come back and the non-Medicaid is too early to tell. I think I might have confused my labels there.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay.
James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc.: And Gary on the share count question, it's 194,554,000, and that's also disclosed on the face of the balance sheet.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. Thanks very much.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: All right. Thanks, Gary.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Taylor [JPMorgan Securities]. Your line is open.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good evening. Couple of questions, one, since you mentioned it, is there a date for the Capital Markets Day yet for 2017?
James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc.: We're targeting a time in late May, Gary, and we're just finishing up that.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. Another question around the Amgen contract, is the contract structured in such a way that the CMS ASP calculations are going to reflect your substantial savings? And if so, what's the risk that they look at rebasing the bundle again?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - DaVita, Inc.: Gary, the way our contract's structured has little to do with how CMS sees the data and the spend. And so you remember that CMS has to look at all of the inputs of cost to the facility and should do a rebasing, what you're referring to on a holistic basis. So, they'll be looking at lots of things, including how much we're spending on Epogen and how much the industry is spending on total cost of care. Then number two, I'm sorry, can you remind me the second part of the question?
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I think you kind of handled both, it was just, are they going to be able to see the savings? And if so, risk of potentially rebasing. So I think you hit both. My last question would be, with the $100 million of headwind for 2018, which is about a 6% OI headwind, I know you're not giving 2018 guidance yet, but the Street's got 6% OI growth in 2018, which means, net of that headwind about 12% OI growth. Are there some obvious tailwinds at this point comparable to that $100 million headwind to identify?
James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc.: I don't think we want to go any further in talking about time beyond 2017, right now. Capital Markets, hopefully, will give you some more insight and analysis to help you think about it, but I don't think we want to go any further now. We have a shot at 2018 being a good year when you think about it in the context of the $100 million headwind created by the accounting change, but nothing that can be put in the bank yet.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Whit Mayo [Robert W. Baird]. Your line is open.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey. Thanks. Good afternoon. I'm just curious of the conversation around premium support on exchange lives is having any impact on the non-exchange business or maybe said in another way, do we believe that there is any spillover effect in your commercial book from the focus of premium support on the exchanges?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: There hasn't been any that I know of. The other parts of the business are very different from a regulatory and decision-making point of view. So, that's the current status.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And maybe can you elaborate a little bit more on what some of the benefit design changes you're seeing health plans implement that's impeding the ability of the ESRD patients to enroll at this point?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: The real answer is that with open enrollment done, the substantial part of the equation played out. And so, it's not right now about the design issues, but rather that we missed the open window.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got it. And maybe one last one here just looking in my notes, and I can't remember if Renal Ventures is closed or not, I know you re-priced the deal, just any color on the timing and any other relevant developments would be helpful.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Unfortunately, there are no major developments to report on this. It's been a long transaction and we are anticipating in Q2 close, and that's all unfortunately we have to say.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And the original plan was first quarter?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: To be honest with you, the date has been a moving target, I can't remember the last one we gave you, because the buyer and the FTC and the process has been one that's kept going. And so, we've probably given you more dates, and the last one was, I believe, Q1, but I can't recall.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. I'm going to sneak one more, and just you flagged higher labor cost trends and I presume a lot of this is field level, but any other color you can share around what headwinds you're seeing and maybe comment on merit pay increases? Thanks.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. I don't have anything insightful. The labor markets are getting tight, it's a competitive landscape, and just workers are demanding higher wages, of course, it's our job to create a special place to work where people are more fulfilled. And so, therefore, on average, wages becomes, while of course, they are beginning to make a competitive wage, but people are less willing to consider moving to another place just for the wages. And so, that's what we're dealing with. I don't have anything else to add to that.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: No. That's helpful. Thanks.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Margaret Kaczor [William Blair]. Your line is open.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi, good afternoon. First question is a broader one for me. Is there any legislation that you guys have seen that's percolating that might benefit you with the new administration and Congress, and if there was some kind of a tax reform I guess, what could you do with the additional earnings in cash flow?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Well, if they achieved corporate tax reform, the kind of tax reform that they are talking about, we'll have a really nice party with you guys, because we're one of the highest taxpayers in America, and always have been. And the good news is that the new Congress is really serious about doing that. We're in D.C. now and that subject has probably come up in four of the meetings that I've been in, in the last 24 hours. Having said that, that's a tall mountain to climb and so you've got tremendous resolve with Paul Ryan and others. And at the same time, you've got formidable challenges in pulling it off. So, we just love the fact that it's a real possibility. And then, what will we do with it? Well, I think we'll wait until we're about to get it before we spend too much time on that. But I think we'll put it through the same decision-making filters that we put our current cash flow through. And then I think your broader question about, is there any other legislation? The other piece of legislation which has a good shot is our patient demonstration legislation, wherein we would pick up the right to put thousands and thousands and thousands of our patients into a globally capitated environment, where we can provide integrated care, which would significantly improve clinical outcomes and over time save taxpayers money. So that's a very, very big deal with a number of the bill sponsors here in the last 24 hours who remain very enthused and so that's percolating and has very attractive potential.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just given the changes in profitability. As we look out for you guys, this year what should we expect in terms of the number of centers that you're developing or acquiring in the Kidney Care business. And more broadly, I guess, again, is just smaller competitors that you have, the mom-and-pop shops to smaller regionals. How do they handle the difficult profitability environment and could that impact your business in some way?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, Margaret on the de novo certification, we see somewhere in the range of 90 to 110 for 2017. So pretty consistent to the range we had for, did I say 2016. So for 2017, we have that range. It's consistent to the range we had for 2016. As it relates to the small players, we have seen a slight pickup in the marketplace, but the reality is that there is just not a lot out there and so it's on a very low base. And so, you shouldn't see a big spike or meaningful movement in the acquisition number.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: So, you're not saying then necessarily shutting their doors or anything and the like yet at least?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: We haven't heard any, that doesn't mean that conversations aren't happening. But we have not heard of any.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just one more from me, in terms of Renal Ventures, is that included in guidance and roughly what's the impact? Thanks.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: It is included in the guidance, and the number, I'll check in a sec here.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: It's not material, is what I'm being told, but I'll get the number in a sec.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Margaret. Margaret, just to wrap up, it's in the, approximately $10 million.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Oh!
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: There are no questions in queue as of this moment.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Okay. Well, thanks everybody for your continued interest in our enterprise. We'll do our best to serve your capital well between now and our next call. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - DaVita, Inc. Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc. Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc. Vijay Kotte - DaVita, Inc. James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc. LeAnne M. Zumwalt - DaVita, Inc.
Analysts: Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Patrick Wood - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. And I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim Gustafson. Sir, you may now begin.
Jim Gustafson - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Joseph, and welcome, everyone, to our third quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. And with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Javier Rodriguez, CEO of the DaVita Kidney Care; Vijay Kotte, Chief Financial Officer of DaVita Medical Group; Jim Hilger, our Chief Accounting Officer and Interim CFO; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. I'd like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statement. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to us and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, Jim, and thank you, everyone, for joining on our call. We will start as we always do with our clinical performance, and then I will return before Q&A. Within the DaVita Medical Group, we mentioned during our Q2 call that we outperformed in clinical quality compared to the same period in the prior year. Our strong performance has continued and we remain on track to achieve four stars or greater for our patients within each of our major health plan relationships. Within Kidney Care, we continue to focus on vascular access, where strong performance significantly improved survival and prevents unnecessary hospitalizations. The publically reported government data released just this October shows that we've significantly outperformed the industry in this important clinical area. Lets now move on to the non-clinical subjects, and I'll turn it over to Javier Rodriguez.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Kent, and good afternoon. Since we spoke last, a lot has happened. I will cover three topics. Number one, Monday's announcement; number two, our Q3 Kidney Care performance; and number three, our outlook. So let's get started. We hope that the release on Monday was helpful. I won't be repetitive here, but we've had a lot of questions. So let me take some. And if I miss them, please bring them up in Q&A. As a forewarning, I'll go into some technical detail because the subject matter requires it. First, why did we announce the decision on Monday, only two days before our earning call? It's a simple answer. This is open enrollment. It started yesterday, and we needed to provide clarity to our patients and our teammates. Second, is this is a permanent change in policy? No, we have only temporarily suspended support for applications to the American Kidney Fund for patients enrolled in minimum essential Medicaid coverage. When CMS provides guidance, which we expect will be within a couple of weeks, we will evaluate our future policy. Third, does our announcement signify a concern over our historical practices? No. Our historical practices were legal and compliant. That said, the language in the RFI may confuse some. So I thought it would be useful to clarify further. The RFI had primarily three concerns. One, whether patients enrolled in Medicare purchased an ACA plan that was duplicative in coverage. None of our patients who were enrolled in Medicare enrolled in the ACA plan. The regulation cited in the RFI, which referred to Medicare Supplemental Plan, is not germane to the ACA plan. Number two, whether patients lost their Medicaid coverage as a result of purchasing an ACA plan and, therefore, were exposed to additional costs. Our patients did not lose their Medicaid coverage as a result of purchasing an ACA plan and, as a result, were not exposed to additional costs. Consistent with CMS own education materials, we educated our patients on the ability to purchase an ACA plan while retaining Medicaid coverage as a secondary. These patients did not apply for tax credits and subsidies. And three, whether patients experienced a disruption in continuative care as a result of purchasing an ACA plan. Just a small portion of our Medicaid patients made the choice to purchase an ACA plan. And they did so for their own personal reasons, such as to have access to specialists who do not accept Medicaid, or increased chance of qualifying for transplantation or other reasons. We're not aware of any patient experiencing a disruption in care, likely because those patients who would have had such a disruption made the choice not to enroll in an ACA plan. Lastly, there have been some questions around comparing our disclosure of 5,000 patients versus public information from other providers. I believe that the confusion is around some definitions. When we refer to individual market plans, or ACA plans, we refer to the full universe of individual plans, whether they're sold on or off the government-run exchanges. A distinction between these types of plans is not relevant, because both affect the same risk pools and are generally subject to the same regulations. If you're trying to compare to other providers, it is important to clarify definitions to ensure that the comparison is an apple-to-apples one. Now, let's discuss our Q3 performance. Overall, DaVita Kidney Care had a solid quarter. We delivered adjusted operating income of $439 million. For U.S. dialysis, our normalized non-acquired growth for quarter was 4.4%, which falls within our long-term target range of 3.5% to 4.5%. While we're on the topic of volume, we want to share that we signed an amendment to the agreement of Renal Ventures to acquire 100% interest in their dialysis centers for $360 million, which is $55 million less than previously announced purchase price. We expect the transaction will close in the first quarter of 2017. Our revenue per treatment was up sequentially by $1.72 per treatment, primarily driven by an increase in seasonal administration of flu vaccine. Our patient care cost per treatment were up versus Q2 by $2.41 per treatment, driven by two primary factors: approximately 60% by an increase in labor and benefits costs; and 40% by an increase in facility cost. We've seen a tightening in labor markets leading to some increase in our labor costs. In the near term, we may see these labor costs remain at higher levels. We expect that our facility cost to come down over the next couple of quarters. Now, on to our outlook. Since we have now visibility to the end of the year, we're updating our 2016 adjusted operating income guidance for Kidney Care to be in the range of $1.695 billion to $1.725 billion. We'll provide you with 2017 guidance on our Q4 earnings call, when we expect to have additional clarity on several variables, including open enrollment and policy changes from CMS. Now, I'll turn the call to Vijay Kotte for DMG.
Vijay Kotte - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Javier. First, financial performance. We noted on the Q2 call that we would see accelerated non-cash amortization expense for the HCP brand during the transition to DMG, which would impact our reported operating income. This will run for 30 months at an incremental rate of slightly more than $2 million per month or $26 million on an annualized basis, beginning September 2016. Including the impact of this accelerated amortization, operating income for the quarter was $33 million. As we look at the full year, we're narrowing our 2016 adjusted operating income guidance to a range of $115 million to $145 million. This is effectively a slight increase, as our guidance now includes the impact of the $9 million in accelerated brand amortization that was previously excluded. A natural question is how to think about 2017. We're still in the midst of our budget process and open enrollment plays a big part in our outlook. That being said, there are some things we know. First, $40 million in rate cuts, which includes $30 million related to the Medicare model change and $10 million for Medicaid. Second, we have the $26 million of accelerated brand amortization. And third, we're continuing to make incremental investments in the business. Despite these headwinds, the odds are that we'll be roughly flat year-over-year, but there are reasonable probabilities on either side of that. We will go into further detail regarding our expectation for 2017 on the Q4 earnings call. As we continue to look towards our long-term OI, our 2019 target remain $250 million. Finally, I want to provide a few highlights on the operating progress we're making at DMG. With regard to claims process, without the need for manual intervention: 2015 we're 26%; and in 2016 79%. With regard to services getting electronic authorizations: 2015 was 24%; 2016 is 47%. And finally, with regard to new tuck-in clinicians: in 2015 we had 18; and in 2016 we're at 44. Now, to Jim Hilger for some financial details on the quarter.
James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc.: Thanks, Vijay. I'll first address our international operations. Our international operating income was $368 million in the quarter, which includes the gain on the deconsolidation of the APAC JV of $374 million. We're on track to meet our guidance for approximately $40 million in adjusted losses for 2016. Our JV transaction with Khazanah and Mitsui closed on August 1st. As you will recall, Khazanah and Mitsui have each subscribed to acquire 20% share of ownership of the joint venture. At closing, each partner made their first investment tranche of $50 million in return for a 6.7% ownership in the joint venture. This joint venture has been deconsolidated from our financials. Going forward, our pro rata share of its operating income will run through equity investment income in our income statement. As a result of this deconsolidation, we recorded a one-time non-cash gain of $374 million. We are excluding this gain when reporting our adjusted non-GAAP financial results and excluding it from our adjusted operating guidance for 2016. We look forward to continuing our growth in Asia Pacific dialysis with the help of our new partners. Next, I'd like to talk about a few tax items. In the third quarter, we recorded an adjustment related to tax assets created through the DMG acquisition escrow provisions. This adjustment resulted in a $27 million increase in corporate G&A expense that was offset by an equal reduction in income tax expense, and thus created no change in net earnings or earnings per share. We do not expect any ongoing impact from this adjustment. Excluding this escrow provision tax adjustment and excluding the gain from the formation of the APAC dialysis joint venture, our tax rate attributable to DaVita was 40% in the quarter and 39% year-to-date. We expect our full-year tax rate attributable to DaVita to be approximately 39% when excluding all non-GAAP items. Next, our interest expense increased slightly in the quarter to $105 million due to an increase in the interest rate cap amortization, as well as the impact of the deconsolidation of the APAC joint venture. This higher level of interest expense reflects our go-forward run rate. And finally, turning to our continued strong and consistent cash generation. Operating cash flow was $536 million in the third quarter and $1.92 billion for the last 12 months. We expect full-year 2016 operating cash flow to be between $1.75 billion and $1.85 billion. Since, our last earnings release, we've repurchased 9.6 million shares for approximately $619 million. And through October, we have repurchased 13.3 million DaVita shares for approximately $868 million, which represents about 6.3% of the outstanding shares at the beginning of the year. Approximately $881 million remains outstanding under our board repurchase authorizations. We continue to have a strong cash balance with nearly $1.6 billion in cash and short-term investments as of September 30th. While $212 million was used in October to repurchase stock and additional $360 million will be used in the coming months for the completion of the Renal Ventures acquisition, that still leaves us with over $1 billion of cash available before considering our continued strong cash generating capabilities. As discussed at our Capital Markets Day earlier this year, we expect to generate well over $5 billion in free cash flow to use for growth and share repurchases from 2016 to 2019. Even assuming a reasonable baseline of $1.5 billion in growth spending for development CapEx and acquisitions, this leaves over $3 billion for additional growth or share repurchase. And now, I'd like to turn it back to Kent for a few closing comments.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thanks, Jim. And I'd actually like to make several additional comments. Some will be a little bit redundant to what JR said, but it's such an important topic we think it's worthwhile in order to achieve good clarity. Allow me eight different points, please. Number one, we fulfilled our regulatory responsibility to provide comprehensive education to our patients. This has been an industry requirement for the last 15 years to 20 years; and then, ACA was added onto that standard in longstanding process and practice. Number two, a very small percentage of our Medicaid patients determined that an ACA plan was better for them. And Javier mentioned some of the very significant reasons why some of those plans were way better for them and/or their families. I won't repeat the examples, but important and often beautiful improvements in care. Number three, nonetheless, if you look at the benchmark plan, an EGHP plan, you see that total ESRD costs  meaning, dialysis and hospital-related costs, et cetera  was about 1.3% of the total medical cost. That again is, total ESRD costs in the numerator and then total medical costs for the plan in the denominator. In the ACA plans, we estimate right now that that percentage is only up to about 1.6%. And so, it is a low absolute number and it's a low increase number. Number four, we were very sensitive to the fact that some of these patients choosing an ACA plan meant that we would be paid higher rates  commercial rates versus Medicaid rates. And, therefore, we created a very intense oversight process to make sure that we did everything possible to live up to the CMS standards around objective presentation of information and absolutely letting the patient choose. Number five, we, nonetheless, got swept up in the current huge controversies around the sustainability of the exchanges; and you're all sensitive to the huge political forces in play on that subject. Number six, why did dialysis and in part DaVita become a visible part of that controversy? Well, A,  letter A  we're national and so our numbers get added up nationally unlike a lot of health systems which are regional or local; B, our patients stick out. They're very high cost, very easy to identify, very discrete; C, there have been abuses by providers in other segments and perhaps some abuses even in ESRD. And so upfront, we started to be painted with that brush by some without data to support. D, some payers did have very large year-over-year increases in dialysis expense, and it was originally assumed that this must be from the process that I described earlier. But in fact, in many, probably most instances, it was driven by other factors. For example, sometimes a plan had a differentially attractive product and would gain significant market share, literally moving from having 50% of the ESRD patients in the market to 80%, thereby guaranteeing at least a 60% increase in your cost having nothing to do with anything else other than product design. As we all know, this has been a very dynamic period, probably the most dynamic period ever in terms of alternative product design for insurance plans; and also, people have been struck by how smart the consumers are and how much shopping and switching they do. A second explainer in several markets is when there was a bad actor in the payer world; meaning, someone who did inappropriate steering of patients away from themselves, leaving one of their competitors with a disproportionate percentage. And, again, we're talking about 30%, 40% shifts in market share in some instances. A third driver  out of probably a potential list of seven or eight, but I'll stop after three  is areas with relatively poor Medicaid coverage, because that would naturally mean that there is a higher probability that a Medicaid patient would find an ACA plan more attractive. This is just to give you a sense of what kind of things actually drove a lot of those year-over-year increases for particular plans. Because, as we mentioned earlier, the aggregate reality only moved from 1.3% to 1.6%. But letter E, those high examples were taken to CMS and positioned as being reasonably representative of a broader movement. And at that point, CMS did not have the data of the 1.3% and the 1.6%. On to number seven, of eight. CMS is now starting to realize, contrary to initial impressions, that, A, some of the numbers were misleading. That's not to say they were inaccurate if they were from a particular plan. They were just misleading. And as you start to stare at a number like a 0.3% increase  and again, this is our estimate  but as you compare that to 22% rate increases on average, you can see that we were not a material source of the problem, nor are we a material source of the solution. Letter B, our patients made sensible choices, and we've provided lots of examples to CMS as have other providers; C, the fact that enrollment of dialysis patients within the ACA plans looks to be flat or down, even without any change in Medicaid access in 2017 and 2018 and, of course, would be down even more with any restriction on the Medicaid front. Letter D, CMS now is starting to see some of the reasons for the dramatic disparities in year-over-year dialysis expense increases, and seeing how they have to do with product design, competition, et cetera. And lastly, E, they also have a better sense of how charitable premium assistance has been embedded in the ESRD economic and clinical ecosystem for 20 years, with a lot of guardrails and with the OIG's blessing, including blessing the aspect of provider funding. So number eight, and final comment is, of course, the big question on everyone's mind including ours is what exactly is CMS going to decide with respect to this portfolio of decisions. And we don't know. No one knows. I think to their credit, they don't know right now, because they're continuing to absorb information; and we are incredibly grateful and respectful that they are doing that. Moving onto DMG, just one happy announcement, and that is that Chuck Berg is joining our leadership team as Executive Chair of the DaVita Medical Group. He'll report to me in my role as CEO of the enterprise. Chuck's been on our board since 2007. He has a wealth of experience in the health plan world, including having been the very successful Executive Chair of WellCare Health Plans; and prior to that, the CEO of Oxford Health Plans, where I was his non-Executive Chair. This experience, combined with his brain, makes him uniquely suited to help us evaluate our long-term strategic alternatives at DMG. And he will remain in our board in the meantime, and I and others look forward to working with him. Operator, if you could please go ahead and open up the lines for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session of today's conference. Our first question is coming from Justin Lake of Wolfe Research. Justin, your line is now open.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. Good evening. I guess, my first question here is just the company bought back $600 million of stock in the last four months at prices that are 15% above the current price with full knowledge of the issues out there in terms of the concerns around third-party payment for ACA coverage, right, given the potentially significant impact on earnings here, the downstream impacts of just the government taking a harder look at third-party funding in general, managed care negotiations, et cetera, potentially getting impacted. My question is, should we take this as a sign of your comfort level with the potential downstream impacts on third-party payment changes, et cetera, one the earnings power of the business? And if so, any color you could share on why your level of comfort is that high, would be helpful?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Justin. I would not say that the reason we chose to buyback was because of any particularly distinctive level of confidence and what exactly the outcome was going to be. And certainly, if we could do it over again, we would've preferred to have waited than be buying back more now. But awfully difficult to predict things. A lot of different variables, not only with respect to the issues you mentioned, but other issues, both threats and opportunities. And, nonetheless, I would not say that we said, gosh, there is some distinctive near-term downside and we're going to go ahead and buy anyway. I wouldn't make that claim.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Then, maybe we could just talk about your commercial mix in general, given this has been a big area of focus here. If we look at the changes in the growth and in the commercial mix and if we back out these 2,000 patients, it looks like it's been flat over the last several years. But looking ahead and just thinking about the changes, looks like from USRDS data, there hasn't really been much incidence growth in the pre-65 population over the last 10 years. And when we couple that with the aging of the baby boomers in the Medicare from kind of commercial years, there is the indication that it could put a fair amount of pressure on commercial mix over time. So, I guess my question is, can you tell me whether this is a reasonable view? And if so, how should we think about this factor in relation to your typical kind of mid-single digit long-term growth algorithm for the dialysis?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. I think it's a very fair question, Justin. And I think if you wanted to identify other worrisome long-term trends, you would also look at improved treatment regimens for diabetics and hypertensives. And commercial patients are more likely to benefit from improved treatment regimens. On the other hand, there's also things pushing in the other direction. We continue to be quite successful with our non-acquired growth. And some of these hard times could lead a lot more small providers to sell or even shutdown. In addition, we're very hopeful that Medicare Advantage continues to grow, because we radically prefer a customer who cares about total value; and we tend to do much better in terms of both adding value to the system and getting reimbursed for it. In addition, as you know better than most, to the extent the mix ever starts to put too much pressure on all the independent centers, the government has the easy option of doing that which it's done three or four times before. And that's extending the MSP provision from originally zero to 12 months, then 12 months to 18 months, then 18 months to 30 months. And so, that's a safety valve that's never far away. Justin?
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Yes. Kent, if you can you give me one more chance. I'll just ask you like, does this mean that should we think about within the 6%, let's just call it, mid-single digit CAGR that you look for the dialysis business, this mix looks like just the  the likely pressure that's going to be on commercial mix over the next 10 years to 20 years, is this in that number or could this have a negative impact on that number in the way you're looking at it?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Fair question. I would say that at the time we did the last Capital Markets, we incorporated all variables, although that was a three-year outlook. When we refreshed our Capital Markets' outlook at the next one, it will once again incorporate everything. And while some of the stuff that you're citing is most likely not going to be economically material within the near-term, perhaps we should, for the first time in a long time, take a cut at sort of the four-year to seven-year timeframe and stare at some of the upsides and downsides, the puts and takes, not only on mix, but on cost structure, et cetera, also modality mix and some other things that can have a big impact on cash flow and return on capital. So we don't have anything distinctively thoughtful to say to you today from an analytical point of view, but that's probably a good assignment for the next Capital Markets.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: All right. Thanks, guys.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: All right. Thanks, Justin.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Kevin, your line is now open.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks. I have a lot of questions kind of similar to that. But I guess, I appreciate all the color about the AKF change. I think that was very helpful and I think I understand those parameters. But, I guess, the question that I'm still struggling with is what the real growth rate of the company has been over the past three years in the dialysis business? Because if I look at operating income growth over the last three years, it's been about 5% per year. But if I was to say that this $140 million was either not sustainable or one-time in nature, then I get more like a 2% type growth in the dialysis business over the past three years. So how do we think about  and that's the low-end of what you guys think you're going to do over the next few years going forward. And when I think about the next few years versus last few years, Medicare rates have been under pressure and likely will be in the same range. So why is the right way to think about growth over the next three years not the low-end of that 2% to 7%, like what would cause you to do better than the low-end of that range, or is the low-end the right way to think about it?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Right now, I would say if you wanted to weight the probabilities between the low end, middle and top, you would find the probabilities skewed to the low-end. But it's not by a huge amount. And then, in addition of course unit volume is for us in many ways of secondary importance, with commercial mix and the nature of commercial mix of primary importance. And that number has got a lot of dynamism to it right now, as you well know. And so, at this point, we're not revising that guidance. But we do look forward to a very intense analytical discussion at the next Capital Markets about the next generation of three-year outlook.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then, I guess if we look at commercial mix and take out this maybe 1% that's related to the ACA, it looks like mix has basically been flat over the last five years, maybe down a little bit, during a time when the economy is improving. So do you think that that's really reflective of what the industry has been seeing  or I know from time to time you've raised flags about potentially competitors getting aggressive on pricing. Has there been anything where you feel like you purposely walked away from market share, because it got competitive or is that kind of how you think mix overall for the industry has looked over that time period?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Our guess is that our trajectory of commercial mix is quite similar to others, and we have not experienced any example of someone in our mind foolishly seeking to gain share through price reductions in an industry of almost pure variable cost, very sticky volume, and high likelihood of economic retaliation. So we haven't seen any of that go on. And so, our guess is that competitor performance is comparable.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just one last question. On HCP, it looks like the number of physicians and clinicians was up nicely sequentially, but we still saw a deceleration in revenue in that business from Q2 to Q3. Wanted to see what maybe was going on there, whether the increase in clinicians was a good sign about a ramp-up in revenue over the next couple quarters?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Over the long-term, you should see a positive correlation. Right now, in some cases, we were understaffed with physicians; and by adding them, we actually think we can reduce our MLR at a quantity that exceeds the incremental costs that we're adding. In other cases, we're adding because we're doing some de novos and other work where we think by adding physician capacity we're going to get more lives. It's just that there is some lag time. So we're very sensitive to the fact that at a time when the revenue trajectory is what it is, our physician recruiting is ramping up. But the good news is that shows what an attractive place we are for physicians, that our hit rate and recruiting is very high. The concerning news for you is we're adding to cost at a time when revenues aren't going up at the same trajectory. And so, we hear you; and over time you should see the positive correlation you expect.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Is the right way to think about that as like a couple quarter lag or a year lag, how long do we think about these doctors adding to the earnings?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Unfortunately, I don't think we're good enough yet to give you an empirical answer for that. And so, I won't hazard a guess. Suffice it to say, we know you'll be watching each quarter.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: You're right. Okay. Great. Thanks.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Gary Lieberman of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I guess just sticking with the topic of the day, I think there's a broader concern by some investors that potentially the AKF would be restricted more broadly from making premium support payments to historical patients that they would have been doing it for COBRA or for other factors. Can you talk about that? Do you think that is a risk and why or why not?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. It is a risk. But the two big facts on that big issue are that for private plans to do a broad prohibition of charitable premium assistance is an exceptionally heavy lift, because there are hundreds of such organizations all over the country and thousands of hospitals that like those foundations and charities and the rest. And to try to deploy one that's focused on our patients would be discriminatory and subject to really intense lawsuits. And then separately, CMS does not have authority over the whole EGHP realm. They of course have authority over lots of other realms, but not that one. Is that responsive, Gary?
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. That's helpful. Any chance you could tell us what percentage of your commercial patients, if you know it, receive premium assistance from the AKF?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: I think at this point, we've decided that disclosing that is not in your best interests, although we'll continue to stare at that each quarter, but that's our current thinking. Of course, we incorporate all variables into our forecasts, but sometimes some of these swing factors are difficult to calibrate.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then, on the same topic, I think there are some investors that believe that in fact it's illegal for the Medicaid patients to have been given premium support. Can you just talk about that and your understanding. I assume from your perspective, it's not illegal. Can you just help us think through that?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Sure. I appreciate you bringing it up, because we certainly heard the concern. And on this, the very explicit references by CMS to how it is legal are multiple and really clear. And the RFI referred to a part of the statutes that didn't apply to the subject at hand, so was literally not germane to the critical questions that you and others are worried about. And so, we have continued to point to the very explicit language supporting our position. We have been in meetings with senior CMS officials and referred to the fact that it's very clearly legal, and have never run into a single objection from anyone.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. That's very helpful.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Gary, let me add one other thing, Gary, that might help clear it up. It is the case that Medicaid patients cannot have federal subsidies. And so, it's not that there aren't some rules that apply, but it is very clear that there was a conscious decision made to allow Medicaid patients to make the choices that we made available to them. And I'll even add one other element. Back when the Affordable Care Act was being rolled out, we were encouraged by the administration to promote exchange products. We were even asked to put up signs in our centers promoting the ACA plans. Now, of course, it's four years later and a lot of things have changed, but that's the actual historical context.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. That's very helpful. And then, Jim, can you just remind us at what point you would've been restricted from purchasing your stock after the end of the quarter?
James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc.: Well, we typically are in a restriction period near the very end of the quarter, and we would be restricted throughout the period of time after the quarter ended, until through this call.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. But I thought you guys did in fact purchase some stock after the end of the quarter?
James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. We did, and that was subject to a plan...
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay.
James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc.: ...that we've put in place before we were blacked out.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So you had a 10b-5 in place before it was blacked out?
James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc.: That's correct.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thanks, Gary.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Chris Rigg of Susquehanna. Your line is now open.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hey, guys. Just wanted to again come back to the AKF issue. Obviously, you're pointing at $140 million of OI this year as in that being the potential headwind for next year. But can you give us a sense for how that ramped during the first two years of the coverage expansions? Thanks.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: How the $140 million ramped up?
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yeah. Like, what was the exposure in 2014, and then in 2015, and now you're at a $140 million for this year in roughly 2,000-ish patients?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Okay. I know we didn't calculate that number prior to the call, why don't  the people around the table here will see if we can and should generate that and share it before the call is over, but we don't have it at our finger tips.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. And then, sort of another qualitative type question here on the AKF issue. But obviously getting to some of the  at least what's been sort of suggested from the managed care side is that by shifting some of these people from, call it, a 100% Medicaid to sort of Medicaid as a supplemental, there may have been some out-of-pocket exposure here. I guess, when you new guys did you look back and reviewed the 2,000 or whatever that may have been in 2015 and 2014, what did you do? I guess, I'm just trying to get some comfort here that you guys feel pretty comfortable that in no material way were the individuals harmed financially? Thanks.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: I'll take a first stab, and then other people may want to add on. First of all, we dedicated a huge amount of time in developing materials and training our people, and so that historic discipline of presenting objectively was on steroids for this process. And we present very complete information that encompasses premiums, deductibles, co-pays, out-of-pocket stuff, potential federal tax credits, potential charitable premium assistance, individual versus family, high income versus low. And so, we're thorough and it's presented to the patients in ways that leaves most of them exceptionally grateful for the help and the clarity; and then, they chose. So one can never say that theoretically you couldn't have a patient chose something that was foolish. I'm sure, out of 2,000 patients there were some, but we have to respect the fact that it's their choice. In general, however, just as we've seen in the exchanges over the last three years or four years, the average patient demonstrates a lot of economic common sense in how they move around between different products, particularly when they're helped.
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: And, Chris, this is Javier. I'll just add one important point is that they never lose their Medicaid. Medicaid was in a secondary position. So the patients actually didn't incur additional costs.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay, okay. And then, just one last one here on Kidney Care operating income for next year. You made reference in the Monday press release that there could be some theoretical offsets to the $140 million. If there are, can you give us a sense for what they are? And then, just can you just give us some general sort of headwinds and tailwinds beyond the AKF issue? Thanks a lot.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Well, first of all, on mitigation, we'll be able to do a good job on that the next quarterly call if we're in the scenario where that's the topic of the day. Separate from that, and then someone else may want to add, I mean on the plus side we have a wonderful recurring unit growth. We have the potential accelerator of continued Medicare Advantage growth. On the cost structure side, we have the opportunities in the ESA area. And on the capital deployment side, we have the opportunity for more small operators feeling a need to get out of this evermore complicated and challenging business. On the headwind side, I think, we've laid them out with painful detail already, and so I won't list them again.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thanks a lot.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: All right. Thank you, Chris.
Operator: Our next question is coming from John Ransom of Raymond James. John, your line is now open.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hi. I did one day of law school and ran out in horror, so my pea brain isn't wired to understand all these fine points. But to make it simple, one of your competitors said that the no-no in their opinion was to switch people off of Medicaid, but the ambiguity was when a new patient came in, eligible for both Medicaid and an ACA plan, that's where you could present both. Is what you're doing just sort of in line with that that new patients come in are fair game, they don't have insurance, but existing patients on Medicaid you're no longer going to try to switch them. I know I'm oversimplifying, but is that a helpful way to think about it or no?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - DaVita, Inc.: Hey, it's LeAnne. I think you're confusing two things. So let's talk about  patients who signed up for ACA coverage made that choice and retained their Medicaid in the secondary. I think that answers the first question. We're not substituting ACA coverage for Medicaid. If they're keeping them, they're having both of them and it's not subsidized by federal tax credits.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Does that answer just the first half of your question, John?
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Well, not really, but I'll follow up. There are so many crosscurrents here, I don't want to drag this out on the call. And what about the second scenario where a patient comes in without any  maybe they are eligible for Medicaid, but they just never signed up. How does that work? And is that something  again, your competitor said we expect CMS to clarify the rules on that patient B that comes in without any insurance at all. Is that a useful way or again was that a misleading comment by one of your competitors?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - DaVita, Inc.: No. I think we do have patients that come to us that are uninsured. And our education and process with those patients would be to find out all the avenues to which they could purchase coverage, whether they be Medicare or Medicaid, a commercial plan, an ACA plan, et cetera. So our counselor's job is to make sure that each of the avenues is presented to that patient, and then the patient chooses what is best for them in their particular circumstance.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. LeAnne, hadn't heard from you a while, so it's good to hear your voice. The second question I had was, I mean, obviously in some of the comments  there were allegedly comments from either current or former DaVita employees who talked about being pressured to sign people up on commercial plans. So I'm sure you solved that stuff. Just internally, what kind of controls do you have in place to investigate those kinds of comments? And what's your general view on that true, not true, out of context or  that'd be helpful?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: John, thank you. This is Javier. First of all, I would like to highlight that the numbers are small. But, of course, regardless of the size of the numbers, we take each and everyone very seriously. We did some huge, huge oversight here. We had to train a lot of people in a very short amount of time. And so, we had heavy oversight and for a small number of people, they might have experienced that as negative. What we do is, of course, if we have any concerns, we give it to a third-party, we give it to our compliance department and they looking to it, and we rectify if there are any mistakes. But the bulk of what we've looked into has now materialized. And actually, when we've gone into some sessions, we've literally asked for evidence to be provided of our wrongdoing and  alleged wrongdoing and we've never have been given any specifics, because, of course, we would want to correct any mistakes if they were brought to our attention.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. That's great. And then let's switch gears, and two more quick ones. Let's say, we are in a scenario of a little more austerity on a number of fronts. I mean, there is obviously a big gap between your total CapEx and your maintenance CapEx. In a more austere scenario, and I'll just make up a number, let's say, revenue per treatment is $340 to $345 for a bunch of reasons, how should we think about the likely reaction of the company? What levers would be likely to be pulled? And, again, CapEx is one that  would appear to be one where you have a lot of this discretion over? And, again, I asked this because there is a debate on the Street about should we look at DaVita on earnings per share or we should look at it on free cash flow? And free cash flow requires the assumption that CapEx is closer to maintenance than it is to actual?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. We hear you. The answer right now would be fairly generic. I mean, in a world where we would suffer some serious revenue compression we would do what any responsible business person should do, and very systematically go through every line item on the P&L and every aspect of cash in and cash out. And we would enter into that process with the expectation that we would find some savings in the P&L side, and we would find some reductions on the CapEx side. And at the same time, we haven't quantified those, but we certainly do have some serious ranges of discretion.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Was the reduction in price for Renal Ventures driven by the new thinking around ACA plans or was it something else?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: No. It was something else. There is a part of the transaction that was contemplated at the beginning. And after further dialogue, we are not going to acquire their infusion business. So that's why the price was changed.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: I see. You still think you might get that done. I know it's been dragging on for over a year, is that still to be done by the end of the year. Or maybe you never said, but that's our assumption. Is that a reasonable assumption?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: No. There is some chance of Q4. But if you were betting, I would probably go with Q1, because there is some regulatory stuff going on. So I think Q1 is...
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: 18 months, is that a record? I will think 18 months might be a record.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: It is. It's a new record for us anyway.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And lastly, just thinking about potential good guys, ESA costs. Do you have a view of  you've got your current contract with Amgen obviously. But if you do a market check on what other folks are now paying for ESAs, what's your view on your kind of apples-to-apples costs versus what's currently  if you were free of that contract, would that be a good guy that could be called out? Thanks. And I'll stop there.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Hi, it's LeAnne again. I think you have to put it into two buckets. Obviously, I think the public announcement by FMC as to their cost reductions associated with their using Mircera gives you one category. So clearly, I think they are enjoying their prices better than the rest of the marketplace.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got you.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - DaVita, Inc.: Then you take the rest of the marketplace that's on Amgen products. And I think there was a lot of buzz about the move to Aranesp lowered the independent and small providers cost. Well, that's correct. It did. But that's a relative lowering and our ESA cost has been historically the best. And I think that holds true. And so, if you want to ask it again in a different way, but I think that should give you the answer you're looking for.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: So, in short, probably unless somebody opens up that contract, it's probably reasonable to assume not much movement on that line item through the terms of the contract?
James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc.: I don't know if that's necessarily the right conclusion. Of course, when you enter into a long-term contract, both parties will look into it as things change. Amgen, of course, is interested in seeing that we are a customer post-contract renewal, and we want to be talking to all the parties that are out there. And so, what we're trying to make sure is that we have the right term solution for the long haul. So we're looking at this. You seldom get a chance to look at an $800 million cost line. And so, we are very eager in deploying the right level of rigor and resources to make sure that we get the right relationship going forward post-2018.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks so much.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thanks, John.
James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc.: And I've got an answer for the question that Chris brought up, which is sort of this $140 million, how did it build over time. It won't be very precise, but it will give you directionally what you're seeking. And that is that the bulk of the growth came in 2015 and 2016. 2014, it was a small number, if we had to estimate in the $20 million or so range. In 2015, the range is probably somewhere in the  I don't know, double that, give or take. We don't have very precise numbers, but we just wanted to give you directionally that the bulk of it was in 2016, with some growth in 2015.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Okay operator.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Gary Taylor of JPMorgan. Gary, your line is now open.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good evening. Just a couple of things. Given some of the reports that some of the health plans have already attempted to identify patients with AKF subsidies and even potentially terminate some of the contracts, I just wanted to check in on commercial mix. I know you disclose it annually, not quarterly. But I do think last quarter you did acknowledge that it was still trending higher year-over-year. So I wanted to see if that was still true for 3Q 2016 versus 3Q 2015?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: I'm sorry. Gary, your question is commercial mix, what period to what period?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Q3...
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Just year-over-year in the third quarter, is it still trending higher year-over-year in the third quarter?
James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc.: It is. It is up year-on-year, Gary.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And sequentially probably hasn't done a lot, is that fair?
James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc.: We've seen it go down slightly in the last quarter.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then back to Renal Ventures, is that still ballpark, 2,300 patients to 2,400 patients and then anticipating some divestitures, is that still ballpark?
James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc.: Yes.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. And then, I just want to go to the patient care costs, which you called out. And I think you talked about 60% labor, 40% facility cost, but that was in the context of the couple dollar sequential change given that ESRD OI was down year-over-year and the cost jumped about $6 year-over-year. Would that still be the same ratio if I look at the year-over-year that more than half of that's labor and the rest is facility costs?
James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc.: Yes.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And when you say facility cost, you said it was coming down, what exactly is driving that up temporarily?
James K. Hilger - DaVita, Inc.: It was a bunch of miscellaneous line items, none of them particularly stick out. So it would just be giving you a very long list, and it just cumulatively added up to something this time. And so, we're working on it.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Last question. I believe you were talking about HCP's OI potentially being flat into 2017 and you made no comments on consolidated or Kidney and I just wanted to confirm that that was correct?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. That's correct. We'll be providing guidance on 2017 in the next quarterly call for U.S. Kidney Care.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Whit Mayo of Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): All right. Hey, thanks. I'll try to keep it quick, but maybe one more on the AKF. It doesn't appear that you implemented this exchange initiative until 2015 at least according to the RFI submission. So, one, just looking to confirm that? And the ACA obviously was implemented in 2014 and you knew about it many years prior. So was there something that made you apprehensive about pursuing this strategy with patients and why perhaps it wasn't implemented in 2013 or 2014 open enrollment? Just looking for any additional color.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: There was no conscious delay on our part.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then, maybe just one last one with the MA STAR ratings published. How would you characterize how your health plan partners are positioned next year? And what do you think this means for DMG, and maybe the conclusion when you look at scores like Humana's?
Vijay Kotte - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. This is Vijay. Just to be clear, the 2017 numbers are already fixed, right. So we don't see much of a change between 2016 and 2017. The Humana numbers were for payment year of 2018. And the only place where we saw a potential drop was in one market. And as you know, the STAR scores are related to a number of factors, but our clinical quality was that of four star and above. And we believe that in partnering with our health plans there are some administrative opportunities to help neutralize some of the impact of the potential hit for 2018 for Humana in that one market.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Well, that's it. We're past the hour mark. Thanks.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Well, feel free to ask another question if you'd like.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): No. I'm good, Kent. Thanks.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Patrick Wood of Citi. Your line is now open.
Patrick Wood - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Perfect. Thank you very much for agreeing to squeeze me in at the end. I'll be very quick, and this should be fairly yes or no sort of small questions. I have three, if I may. The first would be, I was very interested to hear about the apples-to-apples comparison in terms of patient numbers in relation to the CMS RFI submission. I'd be curious to hear what you guys think is an apples-to-apples number vis--vis what your competitors submitted, I'd be very curious to hear that? Equally, second question would be, when I backed off from your operating income sort of impact, you guys currently gave us the $140 million, I get to about $715 or so revenue implied per treatment for the exchange funds. Is that a fair kind of back out or is there other noise in that that means that revenue per treatment number that I got it wrong somehow? And then, finally, I'd be very curious to hear of your commercial business, what percentage do you guys feel is out-of-network, would be very helpful? Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: So let me tackle number one and number three, and then someone else can take a stab at number two. On out-of-network, we don't disclose exact percentages, but we've successfully dramatically reduced that number over the last five years. And strategically and from a relationship point of view, we much prefer to be in network. And at the same time, of course, the peers got to make a reasonable offer for that tradeoff. And so, that's the answer on out-of-network. On the patient count issue, the apples-to-apples issue, all we know is our number and our definition  and we provided we think the right definition for you to be able to assess the economics associated with this issue. And then if other competitors slice and dice it in different ways, we can't really opine on that. You'll have to really talk to them about why they think it's the right way to do that. Hopefully, we're pretty clear about why we think batching on and off exchanges is the right way to look at it for our shareholders at least. And then, on the second one, can somebody?
Javier J. Rodriguez - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. On the implied revenue per treatment, you're about right. And, of course, there is discrepancies geographically, and by payer, and product mix, et cetera. But yes, you are in the ZIP code.
Patrick Wood - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: That's absolutely fantastic. Thank you very much for your help, guys.
Operator: Our last question is coming from Justin Lake of Wolfe Research. Justin, your line is now open.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks for letting me back in for one more. I wanted to touch on the  I think the people are trying to figure out the other $90 million of potential pressure here. And so, I just wanted to walk through, is there any way to think about where those patients came from? Specifically, you've got 3,000 patients that are on ACA, about half of them are getting AKF assistance. I assume it's a lot less likely that CMS does something to stop people who came to you with commercial to keep what they have, or having AKF help them keep what they have, versus maybe those that come to you uninsured and are just waiting for the three-month Medicare period maybe CMS steps in on that. Is there some way to think about that $90 million and how to think about the risk and maybe break it down to those two pools, keep what you have versus uninsured?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Let me take a little bit of a stab here, Justin, but I'm not sure if we're going to be able to give you what you want. In total, there is kind of three buckets. There is the Medicaid bucket, which of course is getting a huge amount of attention and discussion. Then there are the uninsured, but that label is kind of misleading, because a very significant number of them came from state high-risk plans that shut down as part of the Affordable Care Act. So while they didn't have classic insurance, they were funded. And they were typically funded at rates more like commercial than Medicare or Medicaid. And so, for the system, there is no increase in cost from their emergence in the second bucket of ACA plans. And then the third bucket, which is substantial, our people who are on private plans before ACA existed, they had individual health insurance plans. And once ACA was there, they switched over. And so, these are people who've been buying insurance in the same way that everyone on this call buys insurance, only they're doing it individually as opposed to their employer. So those are the three buckets. And then within that second bucket, there are some subsets. But at some point, continued parsing and get to pretty small numbers.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. So maybe I'll just ask the question this way and jump off. There are people that are going to come to you that are uninsured that can qualify for Medicare after three months. If I were thinking about the potential risk bucket here, that would be the one where potentially now you're signing up for ACA plans, where before they would just have to wait three months uninsured and get Medicare. Is there any way to think just about how CMS  could CMS address that, or effectively they're uninsured and they can buy an ACA plan like anybody else. So how do you stop it?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Okay. I mean, just looked around the table. I don't have an answer to that. Does anybody?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - DaVita, Inc.: Well, Justin, if I understand you correctly, I think what we're having a little disconnect in the room is, we have a population that does not qualify for Medicare or Medicaid because they haven't worked in a requisite number of quarters; or even if you are here and working through the Visa process, you have to wait five years before you're eligible for Medicare. So, I think, there is a genuine population when we discuss, but that cannot access the government coverage. Does that explain it for you?
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Right. So you're saying there is not really much of this 3,000 population that just had to wait three months for Medicare before and is now getting ACA?
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: Right. He's specifically asking  yeah. I hear you, Justin. You're specifically asking about that three-month waiting period and is there anybody...
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Correct.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: ...is anything going on there. I think, Justin, we'll have to get back to you and the rest of the shareholders on that because that's not a question that I've heard asked and answered.
Justin Lake - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. Appreciate the time.
Kent J. Thiry - DaVita, Inc.: All right. Thank you very much. And thanks, everyone, for your sustained interest. And we'll look forward to talking to you on all these topics in 90 days. Thank you.
Operator: And that ends today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-08 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - Vice President-Investor Relations Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer, DaVita Medical Group Javier J. Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, Kidney Care James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Joanna S. Gajuk - Bank of America Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd. Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct the question-and-answer session. Now, I will turn the meeting over to one of your host, Mr. Jim Gustafson. Sir, you may begin.
Jim Gustafson - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Joel, and welcome everyone to the DaVita HealthCare Partners' Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. I appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations, and with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Javier Rodriguez, the CEO of DaVita Kidney Care; Vijay Kotte, Chief Financial Officer of DaVita Medical Group; Jim Hilger, our Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. I'd like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statement. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Our forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to us and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Thank you, Jim, and welcome to all. We delivered solid adjusted operating income and strong cash flows in this particular quarter. The total adjusted operating income was $475 million as many of you have already seen, which were driven by the strong Kidney Care results at $431 million, and a disappointing DaVita Medical Group trajectory reflected with $44 million on a non-GAAP basis there. Operating cash flow is another bright spot of $517 million as we continue to successfully convert your earnings into your cash. We'll discuss several topics here before we get into Q&A. Number one is clinical outcomes, number two is DMG results, number three is U.S. Kidney Care, number four, a little bit of an update on international, and number five is just some additional financial enterprise level details. Let's start with clinical outcomes as we always do. We are first and foremost a care giving company and quite good at it. Now about 185,000 patients in the U.S. alone, about 35% of all dialysis patients in America. One of the areas where we've increased our focus is on reducing blood stream infections, a very big deal to our patients, a very big deal to their families, a very big deal to the tax payer. It's important because this keeps patients out of the hospital. Blood stream infections are one of the top five causes of hospitalizations for these patients and this impacts both QIP and Five Star. We're now performing blood culture tests on more than 90% of the situations when a patient is present with signs and symptoms of blood stream infections, will never get to a 100%, but 90% is remarkably higher than where we were ex years ago, and where so many dialysis centers are today. Despite testing a greater percentage of eligible patients, we've actually decreased our blood stream infection rate by 16% over the last 12 months. So we're working both sides of the equation, with tenacity and some success. On the DMG side, the DaVita Medical Group, year-to-date we've outperformed and the focused HEDIS measures that CMS uses attract Medicare Advantage clinical quality compared to the same period last year. And as a result, we are on track to achieve greater than four stars in all of our planned relationships. For some more detail on the DaVita Medical Group, I'd turn it over to Vijay Kotte.
Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer, DaVita Medical Group: Thanks, Kent. Turning to this quarter's performance, operating income was $44 million excluding non-GAAP items, as detailed in our earnings release. Unfortunately, year-to-date we have financially underperformed relative to plan and we expect this gap to increase in the second half of the year. As a result, we're lowering our 2016 full year guidance to $110 million to $150 million. The decrease in guidance has four primary drivers: fee-for-service growth; prior-year revenue reconciliation; Medicare Advantage growth; and rebranding effort. To provide a little more color, let me walk you through those. First, our fee-for-service revenue growth has not met our expectations. Our target was 6% year-over-year, but we're achieving 3%. Second, we made a mistake forecasting 2016 operating profit by overestimating expected reconciliation payments for prior year Medicare Advantage revenue. Third, while our in-year Medicare Advantage membership growth has been in line with broader enrollment trends and the geographies we operate in, is lower than we previously expected. Fourth, as we stated in our last call, we are rebranding from HealthCare Partners to the DaVita Medical Group. To accomplish this, we expect to spend $5 million to $10 million this year that wasn't previously included in our forecast. In addition, we will need to accelerate the non-cash amortization of $110 million worth of existing trademark intangibles associated with the legacy HealthCare Partners brand. This accelerated amortization has been excluded from our revised 2016 and long-term guidance. Despite these disappointments, we're making good progress on the key items we identified at Capital Markets. In terms of fee-for-service to value conversion, we're progressing in contracting discussions with health plan, while developing value based care capabilities in our newer markets. Additionally, we continue to invest in the business, which we believe will fuel our long-term success. One example is our investment in seven new de novo clinics, which are a capital efficient growth platform similar to what you are used to seeing in Kidney Care. Finally, as we look towards our long-term outlook, our 2019 OI target remain $250 million. Now, I'll turn it over to Javier Rodriguez to speak a little bit more about Kidney Care.
Javier J. Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, Kidney Care: Thank you, Vijay, and hello, everyone. Before I talk about the quarter, I'd like to highlight a recent development that we're very excited about. At our Capital Markets Day, we talked about the powerful benefits of integrated care for chronic populations, including our own ESRD patients. Since then, two new pieces of legislation that are supported by the dialysis community have been introduced in Congress. The first is called the Dialysis PATIENT Demonstration Act and that provides for true integrated care model for Kidney Care patients. The second is called the ESRD Choice Act of 2016 and that would finally allow for ESRD patients to enroll an MA plan. Both of these acts would be a great gift to ESRD patients and play to our long term strategy of integrated care. We're hopeful about their prospects in Congress due to the strong bipartisan support and we will continue to work hard to pursue integrated care for our patients. Now on to our quarterly results. Overall, DaVita Kidney Care had a strong and reasonably straight forward quarter, so I won't go into much detail here. As Kent said, we delivered strong operating income of $431 million due to a slight improvement in revenue per treatment over Q1 as well as a slight reduction in cost per treatment. With respect to growth, our normalized non-acquired growth for the quarter was 4.3%, which falls within our long-term target range of 3.5% to 4.5%. With the first half of the year now behind us, we are raising the bottom end of our 2016 guidance range by $50 million. This is consistent with our comments from last quarter that were more likely to be in the top half of our original guidance. With this change, our new Kidney Care operating income guidance for 2016 is now $1.675 billion to $1.725 billion. As for next year, we plan to provide 2017 guidance during our fourth quarter earnings call. We made this change last year because ACA plans have become a more meaningful part of our commercial mix. This has added some new drivers of upside and downside to our business and our industry, as well as some seasonality. Providing guidance on our fourth quarter call allows us to incorporate the additional visibility we gain during open enrollment period. Before I turn it back to KT, I want to close by saying, we remain excited about the fundamentals of our business, the gradual shift toward integrated care, and the fact that our teammates are recognized for providing the best outcomes and quality of life for kidney patients. Now back to Kent to discuss our international business.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Okay. Thank you, JR. International losses, $13 million in the quarter, which is pretty much in line with our guidance of approximately $40 million in losses on the full year. We continue to maintain what we told you I think about a year ago that we committed to try to achieve breakeven by 2018 in our current market portfolio excluding any new countries and we are standing by that. And a number of you probably saw that we did in fact close the transaction that we had to announce four weeks to five weeks to six weeks ago, that being our JV transaction with Khazanah and Mitsui on August 1. Just to refresh your memory, Khazanah and Mitsui have each subscribed to acquire 20% share of ownership over time. At the closing, each provided $50 million of funding to the JV in return, while each receiving a 6.7% stake. We're excited to have them as partners. We have a very long-term point of view about the opportunity in that part of the world, as do they, and we think they're going to help us accelerate and deepen our growth. Now, I'll turn it over to Jim Hilger to cover some more enterprise financials.
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: Thanks, Kent. And just a little more about our Asia-Pacific joint venture. In regard to the JV with Khazanah and Mitsui, please note that we expect that this joint venture will be deconsolidated from our financials and that future operating results will run through equity investment income for our pro rata share of ownership in the joint venture. Please note that we expect to record a material non-cash one time gain in connection with the formation of this JV and this gain is excluded from our guidance. Now on to the overall enterprise. Our debt expense was $103 million in the second quarter, consistent with the recent quarters. Next, the effective tax rate attributable to DaVita HealthCare Partners was 37.2% in the quarter when adjusted for the nondeductible goodwill impairment charge and recognition of a state income tax benefit. We expect the full-year effective tax rate attributable to DaVita HealthCare Partners on our adjusted income for 2016 to be in the range of 39% to 40%. Now turning to cash flow. We continue to generate strong cash flows. Operating cash flow was $517 million in the quarter and $2.06 billion for the last 12 months. The last 12 months benefited from the timing of tax payments. We expect full year 2016 operating cash flow to be between $1.6 billion and $1.75 billion. One thing to keep in mind when thinking about the cash flows of our individual operating segments is that, DMG generates a disproportionately higher share of our cash flows and its share of our adjusted operating income. While the midpoint of our DMG guidance for adjusted operating income is $130 million, the business has a year-to-date annual run rate of $200 million in non-cash depreciation and amortization expense. In addition, as you will recall, there is a cash tax reduction of approximately $100 million per year, which is the equivalent to $167 million improvement in pre-tax operating income. This cash tax benefit is due to the tax basis step-up created when we acquired the Medical Group. And finally, as the vast majority of DMG's business is capitated care, where we are paid before and current expenses, it has favorable cash flow characteristics with low to negative working capital. Thus, DMG contributes more to our operating cash flows than is first apparent when looking at operating income. We continue to have a very strong cash balance with $1.68 million in cash and short-term investments as of June 30. We continue to weigh capital deployment opportunities across growth investment, share repurchases, debt repayment and holding cash. Additionally, as disclosed in our earnings release, our board of directors just increased our share repurchase authorization from the remaining $259 million to now $1.5 billion. And with that, I will now turn the call back over to Kent Thiry.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: I'll just make a few summary comments before we go to Q&A. Number one, with the DaVita Medical Group, we're certainly sorry that we had to reduce the guidance. In fact, it will take even more time to get it to where we think we can be regularly growing earnings and we're intensely intent on doing, but it will take some time. Number two, DaVita Kidney Care, wonderfully solid results yet again, probably even better than that, at the same time as JR has talked about recently, we could have some choppiness at the high levels. And we are, maniacally continuing to invest in becoming even more differentiated than we are today in quality and service and physician experience and IT et cetera. Third and fourth is the cash flow. Your cash flow continues to be a powerful weapon to be deployed in your defense and on offense. And lastly, fourth, we continue to have a lot of belief in our overall business platform, everything from a geographic footprint, for capabilities by function, et cetera, et cetera. So, thank you all very much and Joel, could you please open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Absolutely, sir. So for the participants on the phone, we will now begin the question-and-answer session.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Operator, are you having any problems?
Operator: I'm just waiting for the participants. But, at the moment, we don't have an incoming question.
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: Joel, I show seven people in the queue.
Operator: Okay. One moment.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Hey, Joel. There might be something wrong with the equipment that you're looking at, so perhaps, while the first person ask their question, you can do some checking with one or the other people there.
Operator: Yes, I'll double check sir because those are people that are on the queue. , but let me  yeah, let me open up their line now, hold on.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Okay. But that's okay to let them in Joel, because we know that there is a number of people who ask questions each and every call. So, it's okay if they do that.
Operator: Okay. All right. Okay. So, we have our first question from the line of Mr. Chris Rigg. Mr. Rigg, your line is open.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hi, good afternoon. Just wanted to ask about DMG here. I guess just with regard to the fee-for-service revenue only growing at 3% versus 6%, is that tied to the Everett Clinic or is that something completely different?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: It's pretty much across the board although, of course, the Everett Clinic is the biggest single source, but we're just a little bit soft in a number of different areas, and the good news or bad news depending how you look at it is, we can operate some parts of that much better outside of the Everett Clinic and within the Everett Clinic, which operates, so accidently, they had kind of an uncharacteristic stumble. And so, it's a mix of all of our fee-for-service locations nothing really jumping out.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. And then just a little bit forward thinking on the ESRD choice legislation that you guys highlighted. I mean how would that, at least, at a high level work in your guys opinion? Would you get better rates from the MA plans than you currently get on the fee-for-service side? Is that the right way to think about it? Thanks.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: There is a couple of ways about it and I'll chime in to Javier, and then LeAnne if you want to supplement. The main thing is that the lives would be attributed to the dialysis clinic. And so, therefore, the dialysis clinic would become the medical home, sort of de facto medical home, because we'd have the patients for 12 hours. The other important thing is that on the revenue side, instead of having a benchmark, which is a little of a black box thing, as you get a number, it would be linked to MA, and so the revenues would be a lot more predictable. Does that answer your question?
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yes. Thanks a lot.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Rigg. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Matthew Borsch. Sir, your line is now open.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, this is Tejus (19:36) joining on for Matt. Thanks for taking the question. There has been some recent articles about insurers focusing on third-party payments from charities like American Kidney Fund and even across other subsectors as well. I think it's been the longstanding practice for dialysis companies to donate to these charities, but for those of us less familiar, can you provide some color on how AKF fits into your overall strategy and any dynamics at play regarding increased focus?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: And before we do that, before Javier does that, this is KT, just coming back again, I want to make sure we covered all aspects of the previous questioners question. And in general, we do get paid more for an MA dialysis patient than a Medicare fee-for-service patient. It is totally intuitively to be expected, because if you have MA risk, if you're in MA plan, you care a lot more about aggregate integrated care because you're at risk on the entire expense for the patient. And so, coming to us where you get some of what we provide and therefore lower hospitalizations and happier repeat patients/customers, it is natural that given our more robust value proposition that the payer pays us more and in fact is happier than they would be paying less for fee-for-service type service. Now, on to the next question. Javier?
Javier J. Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, Kidney Care: Sure, Matthew. Thank you for the question. First of all, it's probably worth stepping back and reviewing level setting here. We believe that it is vital for patients of all different disease states to have premium assistance. It is a critical part of our healthcare system and has been so for decades. And of course, we got to have appropriate rules. So those need to be reviewed periodically. In Kidney Care, we have been donating and so have all other providers to help patients with end-stage renal disease for decades in order to be assisted with their premium. The OIG has reviewed that framework more than once and actually just did it over a year ago or so. And so, that framework has been vetted and, of course, we have to make sure that we all stay and abide by the rules that were outlined by the OIG. Did I get to what you're going to...
Unknown Speaker: Yeah. That was very helpful. Thanks. And just a quick kind of follow-up modeling question. For the D&A, in the quarter looks like there was an uptick there. Was that associated with the accelerated amortization from the rebranding?
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: No, it was not. We have not started the acceleration, that's a forward-looking event, but we will keep you informed about that matter as we determine the final amortization periods.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: But perhaps we can expect...
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Can you comment on the uptick though?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Why don't you give us...
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: It's primarily, excuse me, it's primarily the Everett Clinic.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thanks very much.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: And so we'll check and if there's any answer that should be appended to, primarily the Everett Clinic, we'll get it back out in the next 5 minutes, 10 minutes. But, next one please, Joel?
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Kevin Fischbeck. Mr. Fischbeck, your line is open.
Joanna S. Gajuk - Bank of America: Hi. Thank you. This is actually Joanna Gajuk filling in for Kevin. So, question here on the transaction that you announced with Tandigm or rather selling a portion of it. So, the question here is, who did you sell the interest to? And the question, (23:34), we would like to know whether this was a strategic player maybe who could potentially help save money there or was it done for financial reasons?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: On, Tandigm, what we did is sold a part of our stake back to IBC, Independence Blue Cross, who has been our partner in Tandigm since day one and what both sides agreed was to do this in order to create more alignment between IBC and Tandigm. Otherwise, we were in a situation where IBC got a 100% of the profits in their non-Tandigm business, only 50% in the Tandigm part of the business, and this lack of alignment was getting in the way of some of the glass breaking that needed to go on in order to move the entire organization forward. And so we agreed to be bought out in part to get that alignment, and who knows, perhaps we'll get to  go backup to a higher percentage over time.
Joanna S. Gajuk - Bank of America: Okay, that's helpful. And then staying a little bit on that front and specifically on the production in  I guess outlook for operating income for that part of the business, HCP or DaVita Medical Group. So specifically, how should we think about this reduction as it relates to the sale in the stake and also the exit in Arizona markets. So, is that, the guidance changed to reflect those two things or there is chance to a core performance as well? And then if it is and if you could please quantify the two different sort of buckets, the asset sales versus the core performance of the business? Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Okay. I'm going to turn that to Vijay. There was a part on Arizona and then perhaps in relationship of Arizona with Tandigm and then core performance separate from those two if I heard correctly...
Joanna S. Gajuk - Bank of America: Correct. That's correct.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Were those the three parts, please?
Joanna S. Gajuk - Bank of America: Yes. Exactly, yes. Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Okay. Thanks.
Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer, DaVita Medical Group: So, Joanna, I think the first question was related to, does the guidance change, is that reflective or is that driven by the change in ownership in Arizona and in Tandigm. So it is incorporated, it is not a driving component. The four items that we called out are the primary factors that are changing our guidance expectations for the year.
Joanna S. Gajuk - Bank of America: So, is there a way to quantify those? So I've heard you said $5 million to $6 million of this additional cost from rebranding. So is there other, I guess, the other delta, the other part of the delta is (26:17) for service and MA, right?
Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer, DaVita Medical Group: Yeah. One is the fee-for-service growth being only 3% versus our expected 6% and then the in-year MA growth and then the stake in our estimate on the prior year revenue reconciliation amount.
Joanna S. Gajuk - Bank of America: So is there a way to sort of out of those four things versus the change in coming from the sale of Tandigm and Arizona?
Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer, DaVita Medical Group: I would...
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: I think, let me take a stab at the answer to the question I think you're asking. Those four factors explain the change in guidance. And the Tandigm and Arizona transactions had little to no impact on go forward guidance.
Joanna S. Gajuk - Bank of America: Great. That's what I was getting. Yes, exactly. Thank you so much.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. So the next question comes from the line of Mr. Gary Lieberman. Mr. Lieberman, your line is open.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I guess maybe to stay with that last question for a second, is it possible to breakout those four components to put a dollar number on each one of those for the impact because it was a fairly large change for the guidance?
Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer, DaVita Medical Group: Yeah. I think all four are pretty significant meaty parts of it, and we're not going to attribute a dollar to each one individually, but each one is significant.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then I guess maybe just going back to the explanations for the sale of Tandigm. I guess, could you just walk us through that? In other words, wasn't entirely clear kind of exactly what the driver was there?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Sure. I can. In establishing Tandigm where you know that IBC and DaVita together stood up 100,000 member at risk HMO essentially in a year, so an exceptionally aggressive implementation. It is necessary for us to work for a lot of the home departments within IBC and also to be negotiating with the same hospitals that IBC is negotiating with for their other products. And what we found is some IBC team mates as you would rationally expect, say hey, an extra dollar of hospital rate relief goes a 100% to IBC if I put it in this product, negotiated for here, and only 50% if I negotiate for their. Now the fact is, those perceptions are going to change over time because of the offensive potential of Tandigm and because more and more IBC people are becoming a part of Tandigm. But in the mean time, rather than try to deal with some of that understandable organizational friction, we said the simplest way to deal with it in the near-term is to let us be bought down. And so all of IBC could see that they had a significant majority of the profits in either case.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then you mentioned the opportunity to potentially increase your ownership stake back up. How would that work?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Correct. Without going into a lot of detail, we have some rights with respect to buying back up to our prior position.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. So you're still committed to Tandigm and it's going well compared to when you initially did the deal or how would you characterize that?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: We're still committed to Tandigm and they're doing well. I kind of hate saying yes or no to something like that. It's a young company. We're making progress every quarter. If you hit plan, then it sounds like you're doing well, but it could have been you made too soft a plan, if you're missing it, it can sound like you're doing poorly, but it could have been you set a good aggressive plan or had a little bad luck. And so, all I can say is that we're a lot better today than we were four months ago. We're better four months ago than eight months ago. We've got some new executives onboard and so we're feeling pretty darn good. But we also set out to do something that really hasn't been done very often. And so, we just don't have a lot of illusions about skipping up the mountain. We know we're going to skin our knees a couple of times on the way.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then may be turning towards the comments by some of the managed care companies this quarter regarding the premiums from the American Kidney Fund. It sounds like some of them may actually be talking to state insurance commissioners or pushing back in other ways to maybe get out of taking those premiums. Can you talk about any conversations that you've had or your thoughts, generally speaking, about how any of this might transpire?
Javier J. Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, Kidney Care: Sure, Gary, this is Javier. And again, it's very useful to step back a bit. And so, in a world right now, where in 2014 the exchanges came into play, we've heard so much about the risk pools and how they're not well funded. And so a new product comes into market. Our dialysis patients and our social workers work really hard to make sure that they explain and understand their new product and at that time the patient and the patient alone makes a decision on what's right for them. As you know, many of the chronic and high cost disease states have caused these risk pools to be challenging to the payers. I think that they've in some instances have highlighted ESRD expense, but the reality is that it's pretty much our chronic diseases. So, CMS is evaluating third-party premium assistance to see what their stance is, but it's complicated around the healthcare continuum. And so, right now they're evaluating because the last thing they want to do is use a broad brush and then have consequences on one disease state versus another. So, right now what's going on is that in every state people are trying to lobby to get one thing or another. What we have found is that regulators once they really hear our patients' needs and what they literally need as choice, they're quite sympathetic to the cause and so it will play out state-by-state and of course the patients and ourselves will do the best we can to make sure that they have right to these products regardless of the fact that they end up being expensive patients.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: That's very helpful. And then maybe final question just on  staying on the Kidney Care front. It looks like patient care cost per treatment was down marginally in the quarter. Any changes specifically on use of drugs and then to the extent that you guys are willing to comment on any negotiations or conversations with alternative providers of ESA or your current supplier? Thanks.
Javier J. Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, Kidney Care: Hi, Gary, thanks for the question. No big change on utilization of med. And there is nothing new to update. The negotiations continue and all the dynamics that we've explained before are the same.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Javier J. Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, Kidney Care: Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Thanks, Gary.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Lieberman. The next question comes from the line of Mr. John Ransom. Mr. Ransom, your line is now open.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hi, nobody ever calls me Mr. so that's a nice honorary. A couple of things. Kent, let's kind of step back and think big picture on HealthCare Partners now renamed. You've been in this for four years. Clearly the numbers haven't been what we all hope they would be. How much of that do you attribute to structural factors and what I would say about that is maybe not as many markets were ready for this revolution as we thought? Or secondly how much of it do you say, well, gosh, maybe we didn't execute as well as we thought we could have, if it's possible to do that?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Yeah. It's a very fair point, maybe I'd refer to the four chapters. Chapter one was huge reimbursement cut, $200 million of OI loss because HealthCare Partners was more adept than others that capturing the equity codes, which we knew going in, but didn't anticipate the dramatic change in policy. We knew there would be some softening there and some compression and we knew it wouldn't be small, but we did not  with respect to what happened so much and so quickly, and therefore we own that. So, chapter one was breathtaking reimbursement, that's $200 million annually. Chapter two was pretty much total displacement of the leadership; California, Nevada, Florida, the three markets, potentially 100% change and that took time. And, of course, while you're doing it, it does get in the way of things getting done and it does create some transitional trauma. Chapter three is bring in the new infrastructure. You can buy the house on the best lot with the best architectural bones. But if it needs new heating, ventilating, air-conditioning, you got a lot of work to do. It doesn't really start showing up until it's done that makes a hell of a difference as to the experience of going inside. And so that's a chapter we're in the midst of right now. Chapter four is the one we're just starting to feel in some places where we're bringing a new level of operating excellence, a new level of innovation and enhanced value proposition, new levels of creativity and contracting. But these are just little saplings breaking through the surface right now. The good news is they're there and we're ready to take care of them. So, I would divide the world into four chapters and then I would offer up my empathy for the fact that so many of the shareholders have had to lift through the excruciating burden of chapters one through three.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: That's a great answer, and I've a follow up for Javier. Just to push back a little bit on this foundation issue. I mean, these patients, would be covered by Medicare. It's not as though they would be bereft to health insurance or then  I think, I've read 5,500 or so patients are now on exchanges, being paid full by the foundations. I mean, aren't you arguing that United Healthcare and Anthem should take, I don't know, $5,000-$10,000 in premium and have a fair cost of over $100,000? I mean, how can we make that argument to these plans, when they could be covered under the public plans that's and I would assume, you guys have your proportional share of the 5,500, just stepping back from kind of a public policy standpoint. How do you, at a time when the plans are losing money in the exchanges, how do you argue to them that they should cover people that could be covered for a fraction of the cost under Medicare?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Yeah. A couple of things. If you're on Medicare, you're not eligible, as we go on the exchange. And so, that is the benefit that you have. For the patients, that switch, I don't know, if the number you cited is right or not, we haven't disclosed those numbers. It is a very personal decision that is based on access to specialists, drugs, and other things. So, the patient actually do get differentiated care. And so the reality of this thing is that the system, set it up for individuals to make a choice as to what their best coverage is and so patients made that choice, and it's a very personal decision that I can't decide whether that's right or wrong for the system, but rather they get to make the choice.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. That's it from me.
Javier J. Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, Kidney Care: One might well also ask the question how appropriate is for plans to make multiple times the magnitude of profit on MA patients that all the providers in America do combine, that might be another philosophical question to ask. The fact is, it gets interesting. There is pockets of profitability within healthcare and then you have pockets of loss. For examples, for us about 80% of our patients are Medicare fee-for-service and we lose money on every one of them. It really doesn't make any sense and so you end up having to kind of think of it as an ecosystem, where the plans might look like excessive margin somewhere and then have losses elsewhere, where we take care of some patients and an absolute significant unambiguous loss. In other cases, have higher margins than you would expect us to. So, you've sort of have to end up looking at it as an ecosystem and see if anyone part of it is getting out of balance, because it's hard to get each individual part of it exactly right. Operator, go ahead with the next question.
Operator: All right. So, we have another question from the line of Mr. Whit Mayo. Sir, your line is now open.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): All right. Excuse me, good afternoon. Maybe I missed this, but can you go back to the prior year revenue headwind within DMG or DMG  was that prior to your issue in the quarter or is this something that you expect to hit in the second half?
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: It was something that we expected to receive and recognize in the second half of the year.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Maybe just help us understand the process around identifying and truing up those claims and what specifically this is?
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: This is not related to claims, this is about revenue and the kind of finalization of revenue with CMS. And we typically bring that in on a cash basis in the second part of the year and our estimate of that was higher than what we now believe that amount to be that we will receive in the back half.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And if you just look at the four buckets that you've outlined I guess the sources of underperformers, if you will, within the be it medical group, the rebranding doesn't seem to be an issue that's probably going to recur into 2017, maybe it does to some extent, the prior year revenue that the stuff happens, but I would imagine that's probably something that doesn't recur next year. So how much of the guide down would you call to be  would be more from transient factors?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: I think the way you're thinking about it is right, and we don't want go any further into what 2017 would look like, but I think the way you think about it is right.
Javier J. Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, Kidney Care: I'll go a tad further than that, because right on the mistake we made in forecasting and unfortunately cut it before we were into that forecasted period, we certainly hope that that doesn't recur. We like everyone else hope that MA enrollment growth is higher the next couple of years than the last couple that's not entirely under our control of course, it depends on what government policy comes out in terms of rates to a great extent. We're working hard to nudge off that fee-for-service growth, so we don't want that to be recurring, and we don't expect it to be recurring in the long run, but we don't know how quickly we're going to be able to either bump it up to take out some of the expenses associated with not having higher growth, and I'm missing the fourth one, but I think you  you also nailed that one, enough said.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And maybe just remind us, renal ventures, is this included in your guidance at this point and it feels like maybe this deal is taking a little bit longer than maybe we anticipated just an update with the timing of that.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Sure. The answer to the first question is, it is not included as to the timing. We are equally as frustrated and are moving as quickly as we can, we anticipate back in fourth quarter closing. As of now, but as you know that is a moving target.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Got it. Any specific reason that just for the hold up on the deal or is it just one of those things, it's out of everyone's control.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: It's normal profit but low for  I can't exactly tell you why, it's just the normal profit, but it's just gone low it seems that every step of the process.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Understood. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mr. Gary Taylor. Mr. Taylor, your line is now open.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good evening. Couple of questions. First on California, will that Arizona divestiture, will that close in third quarter?
Javier J. Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, Kidney Care: That was already  that closed within Q2.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So it's included in the cash flow statement proceeds for the six-month, which is not very much. Can you just remind us then of  in that market, what the revenue model was in the membership.
Javier J. Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, Kidney Care: We don't typically disclose our numbers on a market basis. So I'd refrain from giving you that level of detail, is there more specific question you can ask?
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Well, I guess, I'm trying to understand what it was you sold and who do you sold it to and what the revenues come out for HCP. Obviously, you said it won't have a much impact on operating income, so apparently it wasn't that profitable, but we do need to model HCP revenues on a go forward basis. So any help there would be good.
Javier J. Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, Kidney Care: Gary, absolutely fair questions and we didn't think of that one ahead of time and we don't want to establish  on the one hand, we don't want to establish new precedent for disclosing things and on the other hand, we don't want to keep it from being able to take care of your model. So, we'll work on it and say, hey, everybody it was a follow-up call can figure out what we can say or not say about the Arizona particulars, but for us to do it spontaneously is a little too nerve-racking.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. On commercial mix, improved about 100 basis points last year, I believe, and I did note that revenue per treatment growth slowed this quarter year-over-year. So, I didn't hear you call anything out. So I'm presuming you're just counting that growth of commercial mix and are we right to think that maybe commercial mix is pretty stable year-over-year, is that down?
Javier J. Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, Kidney Care: This is Javier again. So I think you're alluding to, 2014, we disclosed 10% and revenue per treatment was $342 million and 2015 we disclosed 11% revenue $348 million as you saw we're $351 million. We haven't disclosed the mix. So, it's fair to say that stable with a slight pump.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. On the HCP side question. Are any of the rates contractually tied to the health industry fee holiday, in another words, we've heard from some plans that, as they get released in 2017, and not have to pay this industry fee holiday, some of their capitated groups contractually get a bump, because they effectively had to eat, as you did some rate cuts over the last few years. So, this is effectively a net rate increase to the plans and not to have pay this fee. Will HCP benefit contractually from that in 2017?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Again, as it relates to our contracts, there is a  it's a mixed bag. Some of our contracts will have it flow through, others won't, but in those where it does flow through, there may be some slight pickups there for the one-time period, as you know all the details we're up.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And last question, I believe at Investor Day, you had sized $25 million Medicare headwind for HCP, in 2017. And I wonder if there is any update to that, obviously we're thinking about potential negative impact of the dual risk or model change in some markets, but positive in others and then maybe a little bit of benefit from this industry fee holiday. At this point, is that $25 million still the best number?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: That is still the best number, including all the things you just described.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, all right. Thank you.
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: Thank you, Gary.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Taylor. The next question comes from the line of Ms. Lisa Clive. Ms Clive, your line is now open.
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Okay, thanks. Three questions, just the HCP Arizona sale, could you talk to the rational for that? Second question, just on the write downs that we've had on HCP, over the last few quarters, are we at the bottom here or are there potentially more to come and obviously it depends on what your accountants say, but just be helpful to think through that. And then the third question is on the international business you mentioned a goodwill impairment charge, just wondering what the source of that was?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Let me first start on the Arizona divesture. In short, we got a good offer that was presented to us and as we looked at the alternatives, the way that we did invest and deploy our resources for a greater value, it was the right trade-off. So we decided to accept that offer and divest. Jim, you want to touch on the...?
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: In regards to the goodwill impairment that we took in the quarter, as we look forward there is a chance that we will have another impairment. As we disclosed in our 10-Q, we have a negative cushion in our Nevada and Florida markets, and there's a very kind of nuanced and detailed accounting rules around impairment accounting, and so when you have a negative cushion, that means that your fair value is less than your book value. And so if there was any further deterioration in performance or in our outlook of those markets, we could see a further impairment. Additionally, the FASB is looking at changing the rules around accounting for goodwill impairments. When they do that, there may be an effect related to the adoption of those new rules. And then the final part of your question was an international impairment. We did have a small international impairment last year, but we did not have one this year.
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Okay. Thanks for that clarification. Just one follow-up on the Arizona deal. Who did you actually sell to?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: I don't know if we're authorized to say. Does anybody around the table know for sure? I don't know the contracts by  I tell you if you could call in and we'll check in now if it's fine, it's also relatively commonly known in the market in case you know anyone there, but we'd happy to give the answer once we confirm that we were legally allowed to.
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Okay, thanks. Yeah, I was just curious as to what sort of entity would give you a good deal to take it off your hands.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Yeah. For us, it was better for us to focus on other markets than that one.
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Okay. Thanks for that.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Ms. Clive. We have another question from the line of Ms. Margaret Kaczor. Ma'am, your line is now open.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. I was hoping to start out with exchange plans. Over the last couple of calls, this has been a popular topic for you guys. But now that we're in August, halfway through the year, are you seeing the regulatory environment improving, stabilizing or patients receiving adequate access to care, especially near term? Any trend data that you guys may have would be helpful.
Javier J. Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, Kidney Care: Yes. We actually don't have any significant change. The patients are receiving great care. And right now, as we stated earlier in the call, there is a lot to be played, so a lot of rules and enforcement is still to be played, but right now there is nothing different to report than what we told you in Capital Markets Day.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: And I think the way I would put it is that the regulatory agency's capacity to enforce the regulations with respect to exchanges remain weak, either by virtue of lack of motivation because they're worried about the exchange's financial liability or because they just don't have the resources.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Is that something that can change at some point in the next 6 months, 12 months, 18 months?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Yes, it could change and it's likely to change some, but one wouldn't want to pin one's hopes on it changing a lot.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then on your international ventures, how is Asia developing and some of these other countries like Saudi Arabia developing? And then how do you compare those businesses versus some of your clinics in Germany both in terms of patients, investments going forward and profitability profile?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: We're in 11 other countries now and the microeconomics and growth trajectory are different in every one. The good news is that in virtually every one, the microeconomics work at a very reasonable market share position. So, even if we're losing money now in a country just by increasing our scale with the existing achieved microeconomics of our current centers, we know we're on the path to the promise land of, first, being profitable and then, second, having an adequate cumulative return. But the differences are quite large, and Germany and Saudi are two of our more successful markets from many perspectives including the microeconomics. Am I getting to your question?
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Well, and part of it becomes how do you guys bridge to that profitability gap you talked about at the Capital Markets Day, and what impact and how many years really will it take for China to either be material as well as profitable?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: So I don't know is the answer with respect to China. That day is almost certainly outside your investment time horizon, and yet the only way to become a leader in China is to get into China and learn it, very difficult to try to transplant your way in X years later. In China, we'll probably end up with a few partners is the right way to do it. Just as we concluded in Asia, despite the fact that we were doing well in Southeast Asia partnering with Khazanah and Mitsui we thought was going to help us grow faster and better everything from helping us recruit more talent, helping us oversee what we have, helping us interact with the government more and the regulators. So, in all sorts of ways, we learned important lessons, which should make the next five years very different from the last five years, but having said all that, in China in particular, you want to be very careful before you start talking about any bullish forecast because it is one tough place to do business.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay, and then one last question. We're trying to balance some of the growth within dialysis, again some of the other companies we cover and what we're noticing is as some of the acute care demand at least for equipment is growing a little bit faster, you are seeing PD growth a little bit faster, so maybe what are you guys seeing in the field, are you actually seeing acute care patients improve in PD, and how does that end up benefiting you guys? Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Yeah, thank you, Margaret. We are seeing our PD grow similarly than our non-acquired growth in in-center, so we're not seeing a disproportionate growth there. And as it relates to our acute business, there is noting that stands out to our historical trend, so it could be that equipment of course is in this line with services and that equipment could be old or someone decides that they want to do some treatments in their hospital and/or change their staffing ratios and instead of having a room where they conduct dialysis, they want to go bed-to-bed in the hospital, so it's really hard to predict the alignment there, but we're not seeing anything different in our business.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ms. Kaczor. At the moment, speakers, we have no more questions over the phone.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, HealthCare Partners: All right. Thank you very much, everyone, for your interest in DaVita. We'll do our best for you in between now and our next call. Take care.
Operator: Thank you, all speakers. So, that concludes today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - Vice President-Investor Relations Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Javier J. Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, Kidney Care Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer - HealthCare Partners James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Group Vice President-Purchasing and Public Affairs
Analysts: Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Welcome and thank you all for standing by. At this time all participants will be in listen-only mode. Now, I'll turn the meeting over to your host, Mr. Jim Gustafson. Sir, you may begin.
Jim Gustafson - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, JR, and welcome everyone to the DaVita HealthCare Partners' First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. I appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations, and with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Javier Rodriguez, CEO of DaVita of Kidney Care; Vijay Kotte, Chief Financial Officer of HealthCare Partners; Jim Hilger, our Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. I'd like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statements. During this call we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, I would like to remind you that during this call we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you, Jim, and welcome to all. In the quarter, we delivered solid operating income and strong cash flow. The total adjusted operating income, as you've seen in the release, $458 million, and the operating cash flows of $429 million. In the course of this call, before Q&A, we'll cover clinical outcomes; we'll talk about U.S. Kidney Care; we'll provide an international update, including talking a little about the deal announced today; we'll cover HealthCare Partners results, HealthCare Partners we now refer to as the DaVita Medical Group; and then we'll provide a few additional financial details. As to clinical outcomes, we'll discuss them first, as we always do, because that is what comes first. We are, first and foremost, a care-giving company. And the Kidney Care side is where we'll focus our clinical comments on this call. We'll probably rotate back and forth between the various parts of the enterprise each quarter. We have about 178,000 dialysis patients now in the U.S. That's about 35% of all the patients in the U.S. And from a vaccination point of view, our outcomes relative to the community are very strong; pneumonia vaccinations at 92% for patients, influenza vaccinations 92% for patients and teammate influenza vaccinations at 84%. And as many of you know, improving performance in vaccinations also leads to fewer hospitalizations and, as always, in our areas around the enterprise, our improved clinical outcomes are also very good for the taxpayer. For more color on U.S. Kidney Care financial results, let's hear from Javier Rodriguez.
Javier J. Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, Kidney Care: Thank you, Kent. I'll divide my comments into two sections. First, I'll cover the quarter, and then secondly I will cover full year guidance. For the quarter, we had a strong operating income of $422 million, and let me cover some of the highlights. Number one, normalized NAG was 4.1%, which represented continued improvement over the prior quarters, and it is consistent with our guidance that we gave last year for three years of 3.5% to 4.5%. Our rate per treatment increased by $2.34 per treatment and it was mainly driven through higher acute mix and improved commercial mix. These improvements were partially offset by fewer treatment days which is normal in Q1, and as a reminder, the quarter benefited from an extra day due a leap year, and seasonally higher cost in treatment number one, primarily due to higher personnel costs from payroll taxes and higher pharma costs from seasonally higher Epo utilization due to the delay of the flu. Happy with the quarter. Our guidance for Kidney Care remains unchanged at $1.625 billion to $1.75 billion. And as always, our range in total captures the majority of the probabilistic outcomes and based on where we are today, we are more likely to be on the top half of the guidance range. The primary reason for leaving our guidance unchanged is driven by some economic uncertainties surrounding the exchange plans of the ACA. Let me summarize with four points on our experience on the ACA. Number one, it is working for patients. Americans who otherwise would not have insurance are now insured. Number two, many people are far better insured and have better coverage than they had before including many of our patients that are benefiting from the insurance coverage. Number three, the regulatory environment around exchanges is still being built. While many payers are living up to the spirit of the ACA, others are changing their fine print in their plan designs to avoid paying for expensive chronic diseases either by cost shifting to the patient or by making the plans unattractive for the expense of chronically ill in other ways. It might be helpful to give an example. We had in one state a plan that tried to limit dialysis benefits and shifted significant economic responsibility to the patient, which as many of you know, these patients can clearly not afford. Once we alerted the regulatory agencies, the plans were instructed to remedy their behavior. That being said, we're seeing more effort by some of the payers to improve their economics in the exchange plan by making it more difficult for dialysis patients to enroll. This is a complicated issue which will require regulatory environment. As you know, it happens to be a tough year because of the election and many are distracted. Therefore, the dynamics around enforcement are hard for us to predict. I'll state the obvious. Patients and providers will continue to work with regulators as this unfolds. Lastly, as you know, not unique to us, there are larger macroeconomics and political risks that are clouding the future of the exchanges. Therefore, it's hard to handicap with certainty how this will play out for us. We will talk about some of these issues in our longer term outlook in two weeks as we see you in Capital Markets. So I'll pass it back to you, Kent.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thanks, JR. I'm going to cover international now. The losses, as you've seen, were $10 million in the quarter and this is in line with our guidance of approximately $40 million on the year. The most noteworthy new news on the international front is our definitive agreement to form a joint venture to grow our Kidney Care business in Asia with two partners, Khazanah and Mitsui. Khazanah is a highly respected sovereign wealth fund of the Government of Malaysia with an investment portfolio greater than $30 billion. And Mitsui, as many of you know, one of the largest and oldest business groups in Japan, with about $45 billion in annual revenue, and they recently designated healthcare as a key strategic domain for themselves corporately going forward. They're both experienced in healthcare already and are value-added partners for us, not just investors. One of their noteworthy successes in the Asian healthcare scene is they have a majority stake  approximately, a 60% stake in IHH Healthcare, which many don't realize is the second largest hospital company in the world by market cap. Their market cap is about $13 billion at this point, and we're very excited to have them as our partners. The financial terms, just at a summary level, each of Khazanah and Mitsui will invest $150 million over the next few years, and each will receive in return a 20% ownership stake. We will, of course, still be the majority owner, therefore, and we will be running the enterprise with them as our very active partners. Just to give you a sense of the current scope of the business, we have 64 clinics that serve about 3,300 patients across five countries in that part of the world. The definitive agreement is subject to a few closing conditions. So it could take some time to complete, but all three parties are working to make that happen as soon as is possible. And now let's turn to what has historically been called HealthCare Partners but is now, at least internally, referred to as the DaVita Medical Group, Vijay Kotte, the Chief Financial Officer.
Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer - HealthCare Partners: Thanks, Kent. We'll first start with a review of the HCP Q1 performance. Operating income for the quarter adjusted for the $77 million goodwill impairment and the $16 million Nevada hospice reserve gets us to $36 million on a non-GAAP basis. Included in the $36 million are approximately $9 million of one-time costs. When adjusted for these one-time costs, we get a normalized operating income of $45 million for the quarter. One question you will likely ask is to reconcile this with the first quarter of last year. To do this, we start with 2015 Q1 OI of $60 million, subtract one-quarter of the $58 million in MA and Medicaid rate cuts we had previously disclosed or $15 million, and that gets you to $45 million, demonstrating a relatively flat underlying performance year-over-year. Now let's break down some of the drivers of performance for the quarter. There're some good things and some bad things. We'll start with the bad things. In addition to the rate cuts, Medicare Advantage enrollment in our legacy geographies grew less than in prior years and we grew in line with our geographies. Additionally, our commercial membership continues to decline with the market. Now let's turn to some good stuff. We continue to close transactions. Earlier in the quarter we closed on the Everett Clinic, a nationally recognized physician group that has over 500 clinicians across 20 plus clinics, serving over 300,000 patients with an expected annual revenue of over $400 million. In addition, within our existing geographies, we have a healthy pipeline of opportunities including a number of small tuck-ins as well as a few larger acquisitions in process. One example is our prior announcement of our intent to combine with Mountain View Medical Group, which has 50 clinicians across 14 clinics serving over 80,000 patients which, if closed, will strengthen our already healthy capabilities in Colorado Springs. As we have said before, we continue building capabilities. Here are a couple of examples, one clinical and one operational. On the clinical side, we're expanding our very successful home care program from other geographies to Nevada, focusing on the needs of our high risk patients in order to avoid unnecessary hospitalizations and re-admissions. On the operational front, we're centralizing national operations and expect to realize savings from scale and vendor consolidation. To remind you, there has been a significant transformation of the leadership team and that group is picking up new momentum every month. The progress on all these activities, we have a good shot at adding approximately $30 million to OI in the remaining three quarters of 2016, above the Q1 normalized rate of $170 million, bringing us to approximately $200 million for the year, the midpoint of our guidance range. So we are maintaining our guidance range of $175 million to $225 million, although we acknowledge that achieving the high end may be less likely. We'll provide more details on our ongoing investments and operational capabilities and our longer term outlook at Capital Markets Day in two weeks. Now I'll turn it over to Jim Hilger.
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: Thanks, Vijay. In regards to the overall enterprise, our debt expense was $103 million in the first quarter, consistent with recent quarters. Next, the effective tax rate attributable to DaVita HealthCare Partners was 40% in the quarter, when you adjust for the non-deductible goodwill impairment charge and the HCP Nevada hospice accrual. For the full year, we now expect the 2016 effective tax rate attributable to DaVita HealthCare Partners to be in the range of 39.5% to 40.5%. Now turning to cash flow. We continued to generate strong cash flows. Operating cash flow was $429 million in the first quarter and on an adjusted basis $1.88 billion for the 12 months. As we've discussed before, over time, Kidney Care contributes about 75% of our operating cash flows. HCP contributes about 25%, notably higher than its contribution percentage to our enterprise operating income. Regarding capital deployment, during the first quarter we purchased 3.7 million shares for $249 million at an average price of $67.61, but we have not made any additional repurchases since our last earnings call. Please note that we continuously weigh capital deployment opportunities across growth investment, share repurchases, debt repayment and holding cash. And now, finally, on to outlook, I'd just like to restate our outlook. We are still expecting our consolidated operating income for 2016 to be in the range of $1.8 billion to $1.95 billion. We expect our operating income for Kidney Care to be in the range of $1.625 billion to $1.725 billion, and we expect income for HCP to be in the range of $175 million to $225 million. And our operating cash flow expectation is in the range of $1.55 billion to $1.75 billion. As always, these guidance ranges capture a majority of the probabilistic outcomes that we can foresee. And, with that, operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Absolutely. Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question is from the line of Mr. Kevin Fischbeck. Sir, your line is open.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thanks. Can you talk a little about the $9 million of one-time costs in HCP, what that was related to?
Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer - HealthCare Partners: Sure. The one time costs, Kevin, were related to three primary things. One was the move of our California headquarters. Two is some compensation related accruals and the third is just some expense true-ups for prior periods.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then you guys earlier kind of quantified the 2017 MA rate headwind of $25 million. I guess how do you think about offsetting that and any kind of tailwinds you think about into next year versus this year?
Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer - HealthCare Partners: We're not going to give full 2017 guidance or that information, but related to the rate headwinds themselves there are some things related to the health insurer tax that will give some tailwinds but not enough to overcome those headwinds. And beyond that, we'll give more detail of our operational expectations and similar other things at Capital Markets in a couple of weeks.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Actually I was the health insurance fee, is that explicitly built into your contracts as a flow-through or is that something that you have to go back and kind of renegotiate as an offset?
Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer - HealthCare Partners: It varies by contract and so we've already addressed it with most of our payers.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then I guess maybe last question, I guess as far as Epo costs for the year, I guess Amgen was pushing through a rate increase on Epo and then encouraging people to move over to Aranesp. Any thoughts there about how you guys are dealing with that? Is that the move that you've done or do you expect Epo pressure through the year?
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: LeAnne, would you like to go ahead and take that one please.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Group Vice President-Purchasing and Public Affairs: Yes and you may need to clarify if I don't answer your question correctly. As it relates to Epogen pricing, we did not experience a price increase this year. So I don't know if that answers your question or you referred to Aranesp?
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess my understanding was that Amgen was trying to move people to the longer-lasting Epo product, generally speaking maybe your contract might be different than others, but I wasn't sure if that was something that you guys were looking to do and whether that was going to be a cost advantage to you under your contract this year.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Group Vice President-Purchasing and Public Affairs: We certainly use some Aranesp now in the population and we use both products. They are both very clinically appropriate for patients. And so we just use whichever the physician is ordering at this point in time and there's not a contractual difference.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right, great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mr. Matthew Borsch of Goldman Sachs. Sir, you line is open.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. Just first question I was curious, your perspective on the slowdown. I realize it's a much broader dynamic than just DaVita Medical Group, but the slowdown in Medicare Advantage enrollment, and if there is anything that the DaVita Medical Group physicians are seeing on the frontlines that might help inform what's going on?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: At this point, we don't have a good sense of what 2017, 2018, 2019 are going to look like. We still think Medicare Advantage is going to be growing in our markets as in the country overall. We and a lot of other people continue to add more services and capabilities that will fuel that fire. At the same time, if the payers decide in any given period to leave benefits stagnant or in fact even pull back a little bit, that has a big impact. And so we remain very bullish on fundamental growth. But at this point, the notion of sort of guesstimating what's going to happen in 2017 and 2018, we're not feeling certain enough to add any value there.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. That makes sense. And I'm just curious, when the Medical Group sees MA patients, is there any distinction in terms of the financials, if that's an employer group MA member or a regular, I guess, you'd say, retail MA member?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Can you restate the question, Matthew? I'm not understanding it.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Well, I guess, you think about the major Medicare Advantage plans, they typically have  for every 800 individual MA members, they maybe have another 200 that come from employer groups that are doing retiree coverage. It's all Medicare Advantage. I'm just wondering if there is any distinction that the Medical Group sees in terms of the financial arrangements, risk-taking arrangements between group and individual.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, we have not seen anything significant in that vein.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And you don't really know how many is one or the other, is that correct?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I don't think we have anything useful to say about this, Matthew, but by Capital Markets, if there is anything useful to say, we'll be prepared to say it.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That sounds great. Just one last question. On the ACA Exchange plan dynamic, can you give us some sense of how to think about what the numbers are? In other words, I wouldn't think the numbers would be very big in terms of your overall patient base, but is there a higher concentration relative to, say, how the ACA Exchange enrollment compares to the overall insured population?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Let me take a stab at that, Matthew, and then you tell me if I'm hitting the right thing. Exchanges are a tiny percentage of what we're about. At the same time, when we have exchange business that's private insurance, that is additive in the same way that our private insurance patients are in general, since as you know, the 10% or so of patients we have are private subsidize the 90% that are government on which we lose money on the margin. And so exchanges are a tiny percentage but just like with the rest of private pay, little movements add up.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And have you ever contemplated starting your own exchange plans to get around the problems that you have had with the payers?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Up to this point, we have not.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thank you, Matthew.
Operator: Thank you. At this point, I would like to open the line for Mr. Gary Lieberman.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I was going to make a joke, but I decided not to. Host is going to say, oh, well.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Matt?
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hello, I thought someone is going to make a joke there for a second.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Matt, we want to hear the joke.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Sorry, I don't have any jokes for anybody. Maybe talk about the joint venture and kind of the expectations for growth and maybe some of the startup losses that we should expect.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm sorry, Gary, there is still some noise on this end. Could you go you ahead and repeat the question. My bad.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Maybe talk about the joint venture a little bit and the expectation for growth and what if any startup losses we would expect to see from it.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we are still losing money in the Asia market and that's not going to change in the near term because if anything, the addition of these two partners is going to accelerate some of our growth, which in the short term could actually increase our losses, kind of depends which countries we're growing the most in. So I don't know how much useful I can say beyond that but go ahead and fire off another question if you'd like.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I guess in terms of  a little different topic. Just foreign exchange rates, any thoughts there? They've been somewhat volatile. Any plans to hedge them or is it too small to really worry about it?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Up to this point we've done little or no hedging. We're paying a lot of attention but the numbers are so small and in particular, given we're spread across 10 different countries, 11 different countries and you kind of do the math, it just isn't that helpful at this point. But we're making sure we're talking to people who are more thoughtful and sophisticated than we are and trying to figure out exactly when we should start doing more of that.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. On to the ESAs, is it possible for you to tell us what percentage of patients are currently using Aranesp?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Group Vice President-Purchasing and Public Affairs: I can answer that. We're predominantly an Epo shop, though it's quite small.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Is it the 10% that you're allowed to use other ESAs or does that not count, I guess, if it's Aranesp?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Group Vice President-Purchasing and Public Affairs: Yeah, Aranesp does not count against us.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then the pricing  the lack of pricing increase on Epo, does that have something to do with you moving some number of patients on to Aranesp?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Group Vice President-Purchasing and Public Affairs: No. No, that's not the case. And since I have the floor here, I'm being corrected that we did take a 1% price increase in January. So I apologize for that mistake.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Okay, that's all I have for right now. Thanks a lot.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Gary.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ms. Margaret Kaczor of William Blair. Ma'am, the line is open.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. First question from me...
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi Margaret.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: There is a lot of moving pieces in HCP, and I'm sure you'll address a lot of them at your Capital Markets Day in a few weeks. But, that said, as you look at HCP and its trajectory really over the next couple of weeks, how important is that patient and revenue growth compared to that profitability improvement and where do you see that going? Can the newer market revenues exceed the legacy markets, since those appear to be slowing, and can those legacy markets even reaccelerate from here?
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: Yeah. A very fair question and certainly we're going to hit that hard in the Capital Markets, or at least to the best of our ability. We do think in a couple of our new markets the growth prospects over the next two years, three years on revenue, EBITDA and OI basis is material. But at the same time we actually have a lot of growth opportunities in the three inherited markets. And so which has more potential, I think we'd probably say they're pretty equivalent and if anything, the legacy markets have more. But it'd be nice to see them in a bit of a race.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And just to maybe pick a little bit more at that. We saw the senior revenues in the mid single-digit range in 2015. But as we look out again over that two-year to three-year time horizon, what would you be with happy with seeing in terms of that kind of new patient growth as well as the revenue growth?
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: Okay. What would we be happy to see? I would you say if you give us the gift of reflecting on that, we're going to talk about the range that we expect to see at Capital Markets, and then maybe address the happiness thing. But we'll definitely give you our sense of the range of likely outcomes here in a couple of weeks.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: All right. Fair enough. And then, on the Kidney Care side, the number of clinics that you guys are opening are growing a little bit faster than they have been the last few quarters and rightfully so. But should we expect a similar pace of net new centers opening throughout 2016 as you guys catch up with those longer approval time frames from last year? So are you going to reach 120 new clinics for the year? And how quickly can these new clinics help get your NAG back up to that 4.5% or maybe even higher over the near term?
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: I'll turn that one over to Javier.
Javier J. Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, Kidney Care: Thank you. We had 30 centers open in the first quarter; our range for the year is 90 centers to 110 centers. The last part of your question on NAG, we're still comfortable with the multiyear range that we addressed earlier, so 3.5% to 4.5%.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then last one from me. How is the acquisition of Renal Ventures coming along? When should we see kind of the initial impact on results and how long is it going to take for that chain to more closely resemble maybe the financial structure of the DaVita owned clinics? Thanks.
Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer - HealthCare Partners: JR, can you take that one please?
Javier J. Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, Kidney Care: Yes, it's still going through the FTC, so the short answer is we don't know.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you.
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: Okay. Thank you, Margaret.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mr. Gary Taylor of JPMC. Sir, your line is now open.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good evening. Couple of questions. I wanted to go back to the international JV for a second and just make sure I understand what you said. Each of these investing $150 million over several years for 20%, so that was for each of those, right, so $300 million investment combined on 40% of the venture.
Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer - HealthCare Partners: Correct.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So that implies something with an equity value of $750 million. Does DaVita make commensurate capital contribution, or is this capital light to you because you're contributing your market operational intelligence knowhow, et cetera, or what's your contribution?
Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer - HealthCare Partners: Right. This investment will be the growth capital for the entity and what we're submitting into the partnership is the entity itself, which is the kind of things that you mentioned.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And are you contributing your existing centers in those five countries into the JV?
Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer - HealthCare Partners: Correct. So our entire business in Kidney Care in that geographic area, that's the asset which we're contributing into the partnership. What they're contributing is the $150 million each of growth capital.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And it implies a pretty sizable capital deployment to that part of the world, I guess, compared to what you've invested thus far. So are there existing centers to acquire? Is this primarily development or will it be both?
Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer - HealthCare Partners: It will be both, but we're expecting that more of it will be acquisition than de novo. But it almost gets difficult to use some of the labels because in some of these countries, for example, China, you could end up with deal arrangements that are kind of a hybrid.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then my other question  I just want to go back to commercial mix. I was taking notes, but I don't know if I missed those comments. Did you make a comment about commercial mix of patients, which I think was  actually grew year-over-year in 2015 for, I think, the first time in some time, so 1Q of 2016, did that change?
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: It did grow in 2015 for the first time in a long time, and so we're pretty pleased with where we are at. I think we disclosed in the 10-K a 12% mix. We're rounding up to 12%. No, we were...
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Is that....
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: 11%  sorry. We were 11%, rounded to 11% in 2015.
Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer - HealthCare Partners: 11% of our total patients.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: You only give us that annually, I believe; is that right?
Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer - HealthCare Partners: That is correct. We disclose it annually.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. So the commercial mix continued to improve year-over-year in 1Q of 2016 or has that leveled out?
Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer - HealthCare Partners: We continued to improve in the quarter.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And is most of that  is that improvement being driven by exchanges or...?
Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer - HealthCare Partners: That is a portion of the improvement. The improvement we've seen over a multiple-quarter period is in part due to exchanges and in part due to improving economy and in some cases it's difficult to discern which is where. We know where the exchanges are but there also is some cannibalization.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Obviously a powerful trend, though. My last question. What  and I have a feeling maybe I'll get kicked down the curb a couple weeks here to Capital Markets, but what is your average commercial rate increase you're expecting for 2016 that's baked into guidance?
Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer - HealthCare Partners: Yeah. We will go over our expectations on the RPT side at Capital Markets. And we may or may not get quite to that level of granularity. But, as always, we'll give you a three-year outlook on what we think about RPT or revenue per treatment.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this point I would like to open the line for Ms. Lisa Clive of Bernstein. Ma'am, you may begin with your question.
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I have three for you. First of all, sorry if you I missed the details on this, but could you give us some color on the accrual for HCP, the hospice business in Nevada and am I right, this is about $16 million? Second, on dialysis, could you comment on the ESCO program and your experience with it so far? I believe you have something like 3,000 patients or 4,000 patients and according to your competitor, Medicare has just recently suggested the program could be expanded. Would you want to participate on a larger scale, or if not, why not? And then lastly, looking further in integrated care, FMC has actually just started a Medicare Advantage Dialysis SNP. Could you comment on what your integrated care platform looks like beyond ESCO and if you have any initiatives ongoing to grow this?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Let's go ahead and start with the first one. Go ahead, Vijay.
Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer - HealthCare Partners: Yes. So on the hospice, it's related to the Nevada hospice business. The reserve is for damages and liabilities associated with our potential eligibility determinations that majority of which predates our acquisition of that business in 2013.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And let's go ahead and we can always come back to that, Lisa, but let's go ahead and hit the second question on ESCOs and, Javier, you want to hit that, please.
Javier J. Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, Kidney Care: Sure. We have about 4,000 patients in our ESCOs right now. It covers four states, three markets and it's too early to tell how these are going to turn out in our excitement on expansion or not. We've only been at it for a couple months so it's too early to go through that. As it relates to the C-SNPs, we now have five C-SNPs and we continue to find it a good growth vehicle that is really great for integration of transitions of care for the patient. So we'll continue to grow on that side.
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Sorry. Are those C-SNPs, are you partnered with insurers on that or is that something you're doing unilaterally?
Javier J. Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, Kidney Care: We do have partnerships.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And maybe, Lisa, I'll add a couple of comments on some of these items. Kent Thiry here. First, regarding integrated care beyond ESCOs, we remain as intensely positive about that as we have been for years and think that more and more payers as well as more people in Congress are starting to understand the clinical and economic upside. And so we will continue to push integrated care outside of ESCOs, both for private pay and for Medicaid and for Medicare. It's impossible to predict when there might be an inflection point, but certainly we're in a lot higher quality conversations and doing a lot more deals of different sorts with payers now than any time before. And then going back to the hospice, we necessarily have to be pretty circumspect there because there's some active litigation, which is why our commentary is quite sketchy.
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Okay. Understood. Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from the line of Mr. Whit Mayo of Robert Baird. Sir, your line is open.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): For treatment and dialysis, it's trended a lot better than I would have thought for a much longer period of time. Can you remind me just what's driving that improvement and how long we can expect to see those declines?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Whit, the first part of your question for some reason, the phone cut off. And so we only heard the last half. Could you redo it please?
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. The question was just the G&A trends in dialysis, it's just trended much more favorably than we thought. I just wanted to know what's driving that and how long we can continue to see improvement?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I can tell you it's driven by excellent work by Javier and his team, but I'll let him complete the answer. JR?
Javier J. Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, Kidney Care: Yes. And unfortunately less powerful, but due to some seasonality we expect G&A to be flat year-over-year.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): On a dollar basis or per treatment?
Javier J. Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, Kidney Care: Per treatment basis.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And on HCP, I think you referenced in the last quarter that we should anticipate about $10 million of incremental investments this year. Is there any update around that number and does that include any of the corporate changes, relocating the corporate headquarter that you referenced in your prepared remarks?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm sorry, could you do that one again?
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): I'm sorry. Last quarter you communicated that we should expect about $10 million of incremental investments into HCP, I wanted to know if that was still the right number for 2016 and does it include the corporate headquarter change that you referenced?
Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer - HealthCare Partners: So, one, it did not include the corporate headquarters and what we had planned to invest are still in our plans. There's no significant changes to that. They were intended to be in the later part of the year and as we continue to assess the year we'll see if that changes. But right now we have no plans to change.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And the $10 million are all investments that would be of a recurring nature.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. One last one. Just looking beyond ESAs, are there any other interesting therapies potentially coming to market, whether if there's an iron drug, vitamin D, just wondering if there are any other drugs that we haven't been paying attention to that you find to be interesting?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I don't think there's any right now that would affect your three-year forecast. The big variable in the near and intermediate term is what kind of partnership we establish on the ESA front, which everybody is, of course, already aware of, and we're looking forward to wrapping up a good partnership with someone. But outside of that, there's really nothing to handicap right now.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, speakers there are no additional questions in queue.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Operator, unless you've already gotten somebody else. Have you?
Operator: Right now we do not have any additional questions in queue.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well, we will look forward to seeing a bunch of you and talking to the rest of you at our Annual Capital Markets session where we can obviously go into all this stuff with much more intensity and analysis. So we look forward to that. Take care.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-11 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - Vice President-Investor Relations Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer - HealthCare Partners James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Group Vice President-Purchasing and Public Affairs Patrick McKinnon - Vice President Javier J. Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, Kidney Care, DaVita HealthCare Partners, Inc.
Analysts: Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co. Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Joanna Gajuk - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Ryan Newman - Promus Capital
Operator: Welcome to the DaVita HealthCare Partners Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. After the discussion, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. And now, I'll turn the call over to your host. Mr. Jim Gustafson. Thank you. You may begin.
Jim Gustafson - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Vin, and welcome everyone to our fourth quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations, and with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Jim Hilger, our Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer; Vijay Kotte, our CFO for HealthCare Partners; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. I'd like to start by noting that during this call we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in these statements. Further details concerning the risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings included in our most recent annual report and subsequent quarterly reports. Our forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to us, and we do not intend and disclaim any duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thank you, Jim, and welcome to all. This will be a pretty high density call, and I'll be covering more topics than normal because of some of the nuances contained therein. As usual, I will first talk about our clinical outcomes because that is what comes first. Second, for each major business unit I'll talk about the operating performance for the quarter, year, and provide some thoughts on 2016. Third, we'll then step back on each business briefly and on the enterprise overall to try to set the table for our Capital Markets Day coming up on May 18 in New York City. And then lastly, I'll talk about enterprise capital allocation. So let's launch right in since there's quite a bit to cover. On the clinical outcome front, excellent news once again. Kidney Care, 97% of our patients with a Kt/V of 1.2 or greater, 73% of patients with fistulas placed for access. At our recently final results announced for the CMS QIP program for another year period, once again we outperformed the rest of the community with only 1.4% of our facilities facing a penalty compared to 7.1% for the rest of the industry. Of course, no quality rating system is perfect, but in rating test after rating test, we come out as clinically differentiated. On the HCP front, equally promising results. With respect to HEDIS clinical metrics, we'll just pick Nevada this time. We try to move it around for you geographically. And in terms of subject matter, we once again exceeded the Medicare fee-for-service benchmark on all metrics, and had four-star or five-star across all MA patients on all nine HEDIS metrics. So in both cases, both main sides of the house, our outcomes compare very favorably to national averages. This is good for patients. This is good for the taxpayer. Now, let's move on to the quarter and the year. We'll hit HCP first, international second, Kidney Care third. HCP operating performance for the quarter, $25 million, that excluded the estimated write-down. This was within our guidance range. On a normalized basis, this was actually about $37 million if you normalize for prior-period adjustments, et cetera, which actually is about exactly the same amount of profit in Q4 of 2014 normalized. For the full year OI improved, as you know, from $215 million to $240 million, which is also within our guidance, although at the low end. In order to achieve that, the legacy markets were up a bit, the new markets were up a bit, and the combination of those bits was more than enough to make up for the medical cost inflation and some very substantial investments in capability building/G&A. And Vijay Kotte, our new HCP CFO will discuss those investments and capabilities in G&A in more detail in just a few minutes. But I will say (04:48) move right on to 2016 guidance for HCP. It is $175 million to $225 million. There are three primary drivers of that range. Driver number one, $58 million in reimbursement cuts. This is primarily the result of the new acuity coding RAF model being implemented, the final chunk of the way, a 100% implemented as of that time. As previously discussed, the HCP was more comprehensive in its coding capture. Complete diagnosis of patient conditions is a good thing, but it also left the entity far more vulnerable to any coding reimbursement compression. So $58 million from that source, most of it the model and the model is now 100% in. Second big driver of that range is our investment in additional capabilities. There's two components to this $60 million year-over-year increase. Component A is really remedial. Their prior business leadership essentially stopped investing in the company, it was working to maximize profitability for the sale either knowingly or unknowingly. And as a side note, just want to remind you that we knew that. That is why we only paid a six times multiple in a world where other allegedly comparable assets were then going for nine times to 10 times and now much greater than 10 times in the market. And the second component of that big G&A capability investment is offensive, meaning investments that we think are going to create significant competitive advantage for us over time. The third primary driver is the positive one, which offsets a big chunk of those two negative ones. Solid operating performance, good old solid operating performance. So if you look at the math, you have a $58 million hit from essentially the completion of the RAF model. You have a $60 million hit from the increased investment in G&A, half remedial, half offensive. That would equal a $118 million hit. You then have a $78 million operating performance improvement which offsets all but $40 million of the two negative trends, and that yields the change from the $240 million in 2015 OI to the midpoint of the guidance $200 million for 2016. We can of course take questions on all of that but those are the three primary drivers. 2017 does look better than 2016, the model will be behind us. We continue to make steady progress on our capabilities and our contracting. If we put the P&L aside for a moment and look at cash flow and take as a scenario the midpoint of our guidance, in other words the $200 million for HCP, and simultaneously take the midpoint of our guidance for the total enterprise, that $200 million would equal 11% of total enterprise operating income. However, HCP operating cash flow is projected to be over $400 million, about 25% of total enterprise operating cash flow. This happens because of what we've talked about in the past, low working capital intensity, low CapEx requirements, and a $100 million per year hard dollar cash tax benefit. If we step back for a moment and look back at three difficult years, the total reimbursement cut from the implementation of the new RAF model for us, $165 million. What we had anticipated was a much smaller number than that, in fact less than half, so about $100 million of incremental P&L harm that we had not expected is due to that single variable, $100 million. Now, the fact that it came from that does not make it any less painful than if it came from anything else, but the important message is it did not come from operating problems or operating issues. Looking forward instead of backward, we have six primary markets; California, Nevada, Florida, New Mexico, Colorado and Washington, or more particular the Seattle area. In those primary markets we have six leading independent medical groups. It is in those places plus our joint venture, Tandigm in Philadelphia, of course, but that is a horse of a different color, that is where we'll be placing most of our emphasis in the near and perhaps intermediate term. Prices are very high right now for valuable properties. Our bandwidth is pretty stretched given how much we've grown and given how much opportunity we have in those six markets plus with Tandigm. And then third, we need to prove to you that we can get the right returns and margins in a number of those places before we do too many other significant things. Because of all that, it is unlikely we will do any other big Everett like deals, unless it is through a capital like transaction or is for a very attractive multiple. Other good news to take into account and looking forward instead of backward, I'll list a few of them each of a different type. First, our legacy markets in 2015 once again outgrew their markets in terms of MA growth. The markets grew 6%, we grew 9%. Number two, we've dramatically improved patient service metrics since the time of the transaction. Number three, we've had a number of significant IT advances that have improved our support for our front line physicians. We have a long journey there and Vijay will talk about that a little more but we've got some nice early momentum and victories in better supporting our front line physicians. Number four, we've had a number of forecasting and fire period adjustment issues. You know that painful truth as we do. Our finance leadership team is literally 90% new. And fifth, and finally in this case, if you look at our top 22 executives, we have five great veterans with immense amounts of valuable HCP experience, and 17 new executives that we think are the right people to help take us into that next chapter going forward. So that's it on HCP for now, although Vijay will come back and talk about some of those capability and G&A investments a little bit later. So to move on to international, we underperformed in 2015, $55 million in losses compared to original $40 million of guidance. But why? Well, we had a $5 million AR reserve, which almost entirely came from one country where there were two fiscal intermediaries that became insolvent. We actually hope to get a bunch of that money back. We also are $10 million behind plan or were $10 million behind plan in two countries where we built new centers and patient growth was behind plan. In 2016 for international, our guidance is losses of approximately $40 million. This assumes no unusual AR reserves. We are experiencing payment delays with the Saudi government. So that's a washout, but we have done nothing on that front now, we still expect to receive all of the funds. And the good news is, the Ministry of Health in Saudi is explicitly very happy with our service, and very impressed by the patient feedback they have received. Their words, not ours. In 2017, we anticipate improvement over 2016 on an OI basis, and in 2018 in international dialysis in our current country portfolio we expect to achieve breakeven. We are, in fact, already in 2015 or we did already in 2015 generate positive aggregate EBITDA at the clinic level in eight out of our 10 countries as we continue to grow and cover our G&A. And another reference point that gives you a sense of the per country scale, in 2014 we had an average of $10 million revenue per country. 2015, an increase of 50%, up to $15 million per country. 2016, if we hit our plan will be $27 million in revenue per country. So you can see that at reasonable margins we are making strong progress in covering the fixed nut of global G&A. Finally, most of our growth internationally has been through acquisition. Virtually every one of those acquisitions has been competed for with others. And so these are market valuable assets that real competition wanted to have, and our competitors continue to invest in growing internationally as well because of the returns they see. Now, stepping back for a moment with respect to international, we are still very bullish on the long-term opportunity both in Kidney Care and other HealthCare services. Now, on to the Kidney Care operating performance. Once again, strong quarter, strong year. Operating income, $449 million, and then for the year $1.658 billion. First number was for the quarter, of course, once again excluding some non-recurring stuff. Jim Hilger will provide more detail on the numbers. I'll go right into guidance. We anticipate in 2016 another solid year, $1.625 billion to $1.725 billion. Of course, there's always risk, we'll fall short and there's always hope that we will exceed. This guidance, per our normal customs, does include the international economics, and it also includes the unfortunate fact of flat Medicare reimbursement for the third straight year. The uncertainty in our 2016 performance, as in many recent years, centers on revenue and revenue per treatment. We anticipate our performance in the first half of the year with respect to RPT to be positive, but we have a lot less visibility into the second half of the year, hence the broadness of the range. And regarding the strategic initiatives, there could be some earnings volatility there. One reason is ESCOs, as you know, we have launched, and so we incur those costs, particularly those extra start-up costs now, and we get the shared savings payment later if we perform and the data is correct. And the second variable are some Rx, DaVita Rx renewals. All of this of course is incorporated into our guidance. Stepping back now with respect to Kidney Care and looking out three years, four years, five years, there's one big downside and three attractive upsides. The big downside is what will happen to private pay. It is unfortunate that we have a large cost shift in our dialysis industry in America with private patients paying a lot more to subsidize the 80% to 90% of our patients that are Medicare and Medicaid. And when you put that on top of payor consolidation, distributed risk pools, exchanges and other things going on, it would not be prudent to not be nervous about what will happen with private pay. On the other hand we do have three upsides; one is in the ESA market. For the long term, as many of you know, we spend about $800 million per year on ESAs. We are intensely looking for the right long-term partner or partners and hope to consummate some type of long-term partnership well before the expiration of our current contract at the end of 2018. Second, integrated Kidney Care. We are very competent at this. Regardless of who has the risk, we think we will be one of the sub-contractors of choice. And third, finally, the flat Medicare reimbursement is scheduled to go away at the end of 2018. In 2019 we hope to be back to our normal market basket. All-in-all, our strategic position in U.S. Kidney Care is strong. Now, let's step back to the enterprise overall. The guidance; OI of $1.8 billion to $1.95 billion; OCF, $1.55 billion to $1.75 billion. But on an equally important topic, how are we thinking about capital allocation at the enterprise level? Well, first with Kidney Care, we stay the course, and since there aren't a lot of large properties available out there, that means they will not use all the cash they generate. HCP, they will focus on existing markets unless something that is capital-light or at a very attractive multiple comes along. International, we will continue to invest to grow. Putting all three of those together, what does our capital allocation look like if you pick something arbitrary like the next three-year period? We will generate in a reasonable scenario  with of course downside risk and upside hope, but in a reasonable scenario, we will generate operating cash flow of approximately $5.5 billion in the next three years. If you count normal use, meaning our current operating plans, business plans, et cetera, which of course could change, we will use about $3.5 billion for those purposes. This leaves about $2 billion on the side for us to contemplate what to do with, with of course your counsel as well, as we compare other growth opportunities to debt repayment opportunities to share repurchase opportunities. Now, Vijay Kotte, our new CFO of HealthCare Partners will walk through a few more details.
Vijay Kotte - Chief Financial Officer - HealthCare Partners: Thanks, Kent. I'll take a few minutes to provide more detail into the investments we're making into the future. As Kent stated before, we are continuing to make both remedial and offensive investments into the business. The best way to look at these items is to put 2015 and 2016 together. When you do that, we have a total of approximately $80 million in incremental investments over 2014. To provide more context into these investments, I'll put them into three primary buckets. First, we have information technology; second, legal and compliance; and, third, next generation capability and change match. In the bucket of IT, we plan to spend $40 million more in 2016 than we did in 2014. This includes the following areas. First, security; second, applications to support population health; third, a community portal to enhance communication between patients and providers; an enterprise data warehouse; our accounting system conversion; and a national IT infrastructure to enable our creation of one company. Next, in the legal and compliance bucket, we will invest an additional $10 million to $15 million over 2014. In our final bucket, we're investing approximately $18 million into research and development related to next generation care management capability, a team we call Catalyst, with applications to our current markets as well as others. Now, Jim Hilger, our CFO, will walk you through a few more details on the numbers in the quarter.
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: Thanks, Vijay. First, I'd like to point out a couple of non-GAAP items in the quarter. In the fourth quarter, we recorded an estimated accrual of $23 million for potential damages and liabilities in our DaVita Rx pharmacy business. We have excluded these numbers from our reported non-GAAP income from continuing operations. A few words about this estimated accrual. The reserves relate to the period from 2010 through 2015. As a part of our normal process, last spring, we initiated an internal compliance review of DaVita Rx, during which we identified potential billing and operational issues. We notified the government in September of 2015 that we were conducting this review of DaVita Rx and began providing regular updates of our review. Upon completion of our review, we filed a self-disclosure with the OIG on February 5, 2016, and we have been working to address and update the practices we identified in the self-disclosure. In addition, as disclosed earlier today, on February 5, 2016, DaVita Rx received a Civil Investigative Demand from the U.S. Attorney's Office. The information requested has some overlap with the items we self-disclosed, and we do not know if the U.S. Attorney knew we are already in a process of developing a self-disclosure with the OIG. At HCP, we took an estimated $206 million impairment charge of non-cash goodwill in an intangible asset of certain HealthCare Partners' operating units. These impairments were driven primarily by underperformance of the business reporting units in recent quarters as well as changes in other market conditions, including government reimbursement cuts and our expected ability to mitigate those cuts. The final amount of these impairment charges will depend upon the final outcome of this valuation work, which we expect to be completed in the first quarter of 2016. This non-cash charge will not impact go-forward performance or our cash taxes. On to the overall enterprise, our debt expense was $103 million in the fourth quarter, which is a good run rate for debt expense in future quarters. Our income attributable to non-controlling interest was $40 million. Next, our effective tax rate for income attributable to DaVita HealthCare Partners in the fourth quarter was 36% and for the year was 38.2%. And we expect the full year tax rate for 2016 to be in the range of 40% to 41%. We have also repurchased $151 million of our common stock in the fourth quarter, and we also repurchased an additional $249 million in the month of January. As a result of these transactions, we now have approximately $259 million remaining under our current board authorization. As you think about modeling the first quarter, here are a few things that you should keep in mind. In our Dialysis business, Q1 2016 contains one fewer day than this past quarter. So you should expect lower revenues and higher fixed costs for treatment. Second, our payroll tax caps reset at the beginning of the year, which leads to higher costs of a $1 to $1.50 per treatment. At HCP, OI fluctuates from quarter-to-quarter due to the seasonal needs of patients, and Q1 tends to be a bit lighter than the full-year average. Now, turning to cash flow. We continue to generate strong cash flows as operating cash flow was $437 million in the fourth quarter and $1.861 billion for all of 2015 excluding the Vainer settlement. The strong cash flows in 2015 are borrowing a bit from 2016 operating cash flow mostly due to the timing of cash tax payments and other working capital items. But despite that, we still expect 2016 operating cash flows to be $1.55 billion to $1.75 billion, showing that we continue to generate strong cash flows. As always, this guidance range captures a majority of probabilistic outcomes, but we could be above or below this range. And with that, operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Mr. Matthew Borsch with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes, hi. Thank you. Could you maybe just address the areas of operating performance improvement that you're expecting in the HCP business? Maybe just  I don't know if there's any kind of granularity that you're prepared to give at this point, whether it's by geography or function. I'm just curious the types of things that you think are going to be going better this year versus last?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Matthew, this is Kent. Thanks for getting on the call. It's pretty broad-based. So there's nothing really that jumps out. There's no dramatic disparity in unit growth or margin enhancement, either through MLR improvement or G&A savings or revenue enhancement. So it's pretty mixed across the portfolio.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And let me ask on a different front still related to HCP. As you look at things that are potentially for sale and you mentioned prices are high, is that still principally because of the major hospital systems that are bidding up? Is it, I mean, more of the same hospitals? How much is hospitals? How much is managed care versus other?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's certainly health systems bid sometimes breathtaking amounts for these medical groups, but we have been surprised by some of the other players, including some of the health insurance entities and the offers that they have put on the table as well.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mr. Kevin Ellich with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. Kent, I guess just kind of big picture, thinking about the guidance, which historically you've had a track record of being conservative. But if you look over the last few years, we haven't seen much growth in operating income. I guess, clearly, there has been some issues with HealthCare Partners. But I guess, broadly speaking, what will it take to get growth reaccelerating?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: A very fair question, Kevin, and one that we are pretty intense about on the inside. On the Kidney Care front, with that flat Medicare reimbursement that's just a real problem that we've got to get addressed. And then, hopefully, through a new partner or the same partner in a new partnership with ESAs, or getting some integrated care runway, we can start to break out of the current trend. On the HCP side, of course, some of the declines have taken away the Kidney Care gains. And so if we just stop that and get back to a reasonable steady growth on HCP, that together with the normal growth in Kidney Care could start to generate some much more interesting numbers. And then, lastly, international is unfortunately just a couple of years away from being able to really help, although, once it starts helping it could be a long-term big deal.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Got it. Okay. And then, going back to your comments on Kidney Care and the potential downside and three factors for potential upside. In the ESA component, you said that contract expires in 2018. Should we expect to see something happen in the next year or two years?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We would like to develop the right kind of long term win-win partnership sooner rather than later. We have the contract we have with Amgen and so if they don't want to do anything new with us, we certainly can't force them to. Having said that, there are other people that we can create agreements with that just wouldn't kick in until the day after the Amgen agreement expired. So our point is pretty simple that we think we can be a great partner for someone for the next five years to 10 years in that area and we're eager to find that party and start working towards that long-term future. Necessarily, even if we got very serious with someone tomorrow, these deals are pretty complicated and nothing would be signed for some time. But that's one of the reasons why we want to start working on them now because it takes a while to put them together. Is that responsive?
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): It is. And can you remind us, I think in the contract you had the ability for 10% of your ESA supply to come from someone else. Are you guys testing other options out right now? And if so, how's that going?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: LeAnne, you want to talk about that?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Group Vice President-Purchasing and Public Affairs: Certainly. We do plan to do some pilots over the next year.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. Will you go with one source or will you try different options, LeAnne?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Group Vice President-Purchasing and Public Affairs: Certainly we'll try multiple options.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay, great. And then, I guess going to hammer, going to the share repurchase, you guys were very active in January. I think you said you have $259 million remaining. Should we expect to see continued share repurchase activity maybe get  are you guys going to go back to the board to get  to re-up the authorization? And even though you don't provide EPS guidance, is that part of your outlook for 2016?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'll go ahead and take that one. We're going to apply the same sort of measured calculus we've always applied looking at the alternative deployments, looking at the different scenarios going forward, looking at interest rates, looking at the stock price. As the CEO, I'm feeling a little sheepish about the fact that we bought back quite a bit when the stock was a fair amount higher than it is today and we would have done more value for  created more value for our long-term shareholders by waiting a little bit as opposed to buying when we were at above historical average EBITDA multiples. So we bring our normal sort of intellectual calculus to it, but certainly we've demonstrated over the last year and certainly many of you were actively engaging and encouraging us too. Certainly, we've demonstrated, as we have at different times in our history, the willingness to going to the market and take some shares out of play.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mr. Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Joanna Gajuk - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. This is actually Joanna Gajuk filling in for Kevin today. Thanks for taking question. So on HCP guidance and the breakdown on different elements that are impacting the operating income. Specifically, I recall the company mentioned on the last call, Medicaid headwinds of $20 million. So should we assume that you no longer include that headwind or it's just small that you didn't disclose that?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: What happened is we thought it would be Medicaid of $20 million, it turns out the Medicaid is $8 million. And so when we talked about $58 million, $50 million was that RAF model...
Joanna Gajuk - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, got it.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: ...in Medicare, $8 million was Medicaid.
Joanna Gajuk - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. That makes sense. So then I know you mentioned that those headwinds, you expect to be offset by a broad, I guess, based operating improvement. But are you willing to talk about the legacy market's performance in 2015? I don't know whether specific numbers are up or down, or the magnitude of the improvement. And then, what do you think this would be 2016 versus 2015?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Right. In 2015, our legacy markets contributed to the profit growth, the OI growth as did our new markets. So both were contributors to our ability to offset the bad stuff that happened in normal medical cost inflation and our big investments. In 2016, we anticipate the same that independent of the rate cuts, that both legacy markets and new markets will do better than they did in 2015.
Joanna Gajuk - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. And then just a follow up on your comment around the dialysis business, and the pricing, that you expect the pricing to be positive in first half, but there's less visibility for the second half of the year. So can you shed a little more light why you think that?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's not because of any particular normal negotiation between us and the payor. It's just because of all the noise in the air with everything going on with exchanges, regulatory ambiguity in those areas, what some of the new payors are going to do in terms of getting in and out of exchanges. So there's just so much going on that we're uneasy, increasingly uneasy, and we thought we should share that.
Joanna Gajuk - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So there's nothing specific to cause because I want to say you mentioned something around some specific contracts, or I guess maybe that was on the HCP side, so maybe that's irrelevant. And I guess that's all for me now. Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you. I think you might be referring to the DaVita RX renewals I referred to.
Joanna Gajuk - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: But that isn't independent point separate from what's going on in mainstream Kidney Care.
Joanna Gajuk - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ms. Margaret Kaczor with William Blair. Your line is open.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good afternoon, guys. First of all, thanks for all the details in terms of where you guys are investing in HCP. So maybe a question on that. What impact should we expect these investments to have? I might assume it's better outcomes that are going to lead to these higher patient adds. But even more specifically, over what timeframe should we see the fruits of these investments, is it as early as 2017, or is it more 2018, 2019, 2020?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Margaret, we knew this question was going to come and dreaded it because it's going to be the answer you hate. It's not going to happen right away. For example, in technology space it'll take a year, one to two years to get a lot of that stuff done. And then the benefit it has does not immediately leap off the P&L. In terms of our next-gen care management and changed management group, that's got some near term upside. When you're managing $4 billion of medical cost, the spending that extra whatever it is, $20 million with some new talents, with some new analytics, and with some new approaches, you can get a pretty good payback on that pretty quickly. But the whole team is so new and the processes we're putting in place are so new that we would just hate to create expectations and then fail. We're very bullish on the impact they're going to have, but it just is not going to be overnight.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. So maybe to take that even further, and I'm sure you'll appreciate this question as well. You talked about profitability in HCP, maybe improving in 2017, and part of that is that the reimbursement cuts from the RAF model go away. And so that should be, if I'm thinking of it right, about a $60 million tailwind. But then are you going to increase investments further in 2017 to offset that? And then also the final bucket in terms of OI performance, should that improve in 2017 as Centura and Everett start to have a larger impact?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well, you do know us well. The elimination of the RAF model that's been hanging over our heads, that's certainly the elimination of a headwind. It doesn't lead to a tailwind. It just leads to the absence of wind, which for us right now would feel pretty good assuming that benchmark rate increases would be, roughly speaking, equivalent to what goes on with medical cost inflation. And so we do want 2017 OI to be nicely higher than 2016 OI because of the elimination of those headwinds and a lot of the other stuff hopefully kicking in. But did I miss a part of your question?
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah. So the operating performance of Centura and Everett, what kind of impact will they have in 2017 and 2018.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. On Everett, we would also expect 2017 to be better than 2016. 2016 has some integration expenses. 2016 has some adding talent to take on risk pools. So we have that expense. We have some additional amortization from the deal. We have some special additional expenses that exist for the first year or two years of the deal and then go away. And so we are counting on  we are expecting a nice operating income trajectory at Everett clinic in 2017 versus 2016, and 2018 versus 2017, and 2019 versus 2018. We have high hopes for the significant growth of the business there. And then on Centura, that is a tougher one. We certainly expect it to do better in 2017 than 2016. It really depends on if we get a quality of risk (41:07) contract, what the effective date is, and then how quickly we can make a difference. So that one could stretch out a little bit based on the timing of all that. We're making nice progress, but right now there's nothing locked and loaded.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And then just one more from me. You guys were nice enough to provide kind of the DeNovo clinics that were waiting for regulatory approval last quarter. How are those looking this quarter, and should we expect they're still could be a bolus of clinics that we'll see open in the first half of the year? Thank you.
Patrick McKinnon - Vice President: Yeah. The DeNovo backlog is still about the same as what it was last quarter, but what we're seeing is a much better improvement in opening new clinics. So that's where we'll see improvement in the first half of the year.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And that person speaking is Patrick McKinnon, Chief Financial Officer of Kidney Care.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Margaret.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mr. Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Sticking with HCP for a second, is it possible to get some color on Albuquerque, maybe just how the recovery has gone on, and where it is today versus where it was, say, a year or two years ago?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Boy (42:28) Gary, this is Kent Thiry. I'll handle that. The difference between a year or two years ago is night and day. This is just huge orders of magnitude, better. So that's the high level answer. The operations have been stabilized. We're in very constructive risk pool conversations with one of the major payors. We're in healthy collaboration discussions with two other significant health systems. The leadership has been stabilized. The management team has been improved. So there hasn't been any  I mean, the numbers are certainly way better than two years, but I'm not wanting to represent this as we're on some stunningly steep trajectory of profit improvement, but all the fundamentals are better, and now we'll see what we can get done in the next couple of years.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then how much of your time are you spending on HCP versus on the Kidney Care business?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I spend significantly more time on HCP than on domestic Kidney Care.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then maybe just talking about the self-disclosure and the CID both happening on the same day. Is that just coincidence, or is there something else that we could read into from that?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's just totally coincidence.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then is there any additional color you could give us around it?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I don't think so, Gary. We just don't know much yet. The good news is that through our own internal normal compliance processes we uncovered some issues, and we did the right thing in investigating them. We did the right thing in reporting to the government. We did the right thing in doing some refunds. All of these were small dollar issues, and transactions that were a tiny, tiny percentage of overall transactions. And we kept the OIG up-to-date along the way as to the work we were doing but not completed, and then we send off our formal self-disclosure document. And then it just so happened that very same day that we got the CID from the Department of Justice, and we have no idea if the Department of Justice had any idea that we were already nine months down the track with the OIG.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then I think you said your analysis went back to 2010, and it looks like their inquiry goes back to 2006. Is there anything to read into that?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, I guess, it would suggest, again, that the two things aren't at all linked because clearly they were coming up with their own set of issues and their own set of dates, but beyond that we don't know. As you know, in many instances once they decide to take a look, they often that first document is very, very broad because, why not?
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then on your comments regarding negotiating an ESA contract. It sounds like  you're talking about it more than I think you had in the past on new contract. Is there anything tangible you can share with us or any hope that it could get done in the near term?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No idea. This is  we are eager. I'll be redundant, but we are eager to have a long-term partner and a long-term plan, and we just think there's a lot of opportunity. But getting there we'll take either our current partner deciding they want to create the next generation together, or doing it with someone else, in which case the implementation of course would have to wait. But the reason we're talking about it more is people are getting more serious because it's just not that far away anymore, and $800 million a year and growing is a lot to play with.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And then, I guess, maybe just last point on that. Is there anything that you can share with us or that you're aware of, of the one short term biosimilar that has been expected to come to market but has not yet?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I personally don't think it makes much sense for us to start talking about individual biosimilars and what exactly is going on. And so LeAnne, I don't know if there's anything you'd like to get out on the table. Anything I do would just be repeating publicly known information.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Group Vice President-Purchasing and Public Affairs: No Kent, I think you answered that correctly.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. All right. Thanks very much.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thanks Gary.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mr. Chris Rigg with Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. We're going to get the advanced notice for 2017 MA rates next week, and obviously I don't want to  it's hard for you guys to predict what's going to be in there. But one thing that's been kicked around is potentially adjusting the risk models to better code for duals. Do you have any thoughts on that, particularly if it was budget neutral, and if not, can you at least give us a sense for within the HCP pool of enrollment how many are duals? Thanks.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Like you observed, we don't have any idea what they're going to do, and we do believe that currently in Medicare Advantage the sickest people we get under reimbursed for, and the healthiest people they over reimburse for. And for people like us, who are not insurance companies, and we want to keep the patients we have, we do keep them, we can't really determine which new ones come to us, the current reality works to our disadvantage. And then with respect to duals in particular, while we have a bunch, it's impossible to say whether we would benefit materially or not until you know whatever the heck they would do.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got you. And then changing gears here, just with regard to the seamless payor organization rollout or pilot/fall, can you give us a sense for some initial feedback from patients, or just anything with regards to that would be helpful. Thanks a lot.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Is this regarding ESCOs?
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yes.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's just too soon. But we can tell you that we've been in a globally capitated pilot with CMS for seven years, eight years now, and it's pretty significant. There's 800 patients there or so. And then we have another 800, 900 globally capitated patients within our HealthCare Partners universe. And in general, and in particular on the Kidney Care side where the C-SNP plan, special needs plan, is focused just on these Kidney Care patients, it's spectacular. The patients get extra services. The doctors have extra support. The referring doctors get better information. The nurses get to provide coordinated care. The patient and family gets support at home. So I can tell you in our mature other where we're globally capitated, it's a spectacular, beautiful, transparent victory.
Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mr. Whit Mayo with Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hey. Thanks. Good afternoon. Kent, you've discussed in the past your desire to reengage in productive conversations with your Health Plan partners to ensure that your incentives are aligned with their incentives, and they treat you as a good partner with the MA rate cuts. And are there just any developments along the re-contracting front that would be of any interest to us?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, is the short answer. I'm not going to get the mix right, but if you ask on Capital Markets Day we'll have it. And Jim Rechtin is not here right now, but I'd say a healthy percentage of our renewals end up with a new agreement where our interests are much more aligned. And that's been true every year. It's a big shift from what existed before. And the same statement is true with respect to health systems in hospitals where a very solid percentage of our new contracts there create a lot more alignment than the old ones which were so zero-sum. So I would say, it's steady progress, nothing dramatic. But it's really healthy in reducing downside risk, and over the long-term will create some shared upside.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. And just on Renal Ventures, I don't think I've heard an update. Just maybe I should know this, but just divestitures, FTC, and any sense for the contribution this year.
Javier J. Rodriguez - Chief Executive Officer, Kidney Care, DaVita HealthCare Partners, Inc.: Hi. This is Javier Rodriguez, CEO of Kidney Care. There is no update. We're still anticipating a Q2 close.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And maybe one last one. It's just, any way to get a sense of the size of DaVita Rx now, either by patients or revenue?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Boy, I don't remember what our historical policy has been. It has certainly grown. It is making some money, it's not losing money anymore. And I'm going to have to turn to Jim Gustafson so I don't violate any policy. Go ahead, Jim.
Jim Gustafson - Vice President-Investor Relations: Yeah. We disclosed we're serving in various capacities 165,000 patients, and that includes both internal and external.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mr. Ryan Newman with Promus Capital. Your line is open.
Ryan Newman - Promus Capital: Hey guys, thanks for taking my call. You spoke a little bit about the softness in some international markets, and how other players were attracted to those assets as well. As well, I know you've expanded a little bit in Colombia, in Portugal, China, Germany. Can you just talk a little bit about where the most softness occurred?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Where the most what has occurred?
Ryan Newman - Promus Capital: Where the softness conditions existed internationally?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Softest conditions?
Ryan Newman - Promus Capital: Yeah.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So soft as in...
Ryan Newman - Promus Capital: The worst performance.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Poor performance? Okay. Thank you. Sorry for my...
Ryan Newman - Promus Capital: No. I misworded the question. I apologize.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'd say the softest performance from a profit point of view, I mean, my mind is racing as to how much I should disclose.
Ryan Newman - Promus Capital: Sure.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We've had some profit problems in Colombia. That probably sticks out as one of the softest. In Saudi, we've been growing a little bit behind plan, but the microeconomics appear to be solid. And I think beyond that, I'd have to get into so many nuances. In China, we still put in the R&D category where we're very steadily consistently investing to look for the winning formula. And we don't have it yet, but we're not discouraged. We've got some stuff that's working there, and we have some stuff that's not working, and that's kind of the hit rate we expected. India, we know, is a long haul kind of thing, an immense market. But we're not ever going to start doing anything big there quickly because the microeconomics are just too tiny. So there's a little bit of flavor across three or four, and I'm probably giving Jim Gustafson a heart attack by providing all this.
Ryan Newman - Promus Capital: Yeah. That's great. Thanks, guys, for the detail and I appreciate your time.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we no longer have further questions on queue.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, the Capital Markets are May 18. Correct, Jim?
Jim Gustafson - Vice President-Investor Relations: Yes.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: In New York, we're going to nail down the location. There's a lot to talk about. We look forward to going into more detail. We're going to have a longer general session that we normally do so that we hopefully give you a very comprehensive and analytically thoughtful not only reiteration of our strategy but our progress and the right kind of leading indicators to stare at. So we're looking forward to a real high intensity extended exchange, and we'll do our best in between now and then to get through 2016, and start growing again in 2017. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. So that concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - Vice President-Investor Relations Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Group Vice President-Purchasing and Public Affairs
Analysts: Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Matthew Richard Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. And now, I will turn the call over to Mr. Jim Gustafson. Sir, you may begin.
Jim Gustafson - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Cindy, and welcome everyone to the DaVita HealthCare Partners' Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. And with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Jim Hilger, our Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. I'll start with our forward-looking disclosure statement. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jim, and thanks to all of you for your interest in our enterprise. In the third quarter, we had solid  strong results in both Kidney Care and HCP. But as always, we'll talk about clinical outcomes first, as that is what comes first, we are first and foremost a caregiver company. We have about 177,000 patients in the U.S. now, and that's about 35% of the total dialysis patients. 97% of those patients had a Kt/V of 1.2 or greater; 73% of those patients have fistulas placed for their access for the second year in a row, DaVita is the clinical leader in the CMS Five-Star ratings system. 46% of our centers are Four-Star or Five-Star rated compared to 23% for all other providers, truly noteworthy. HealthCare Partners, we continue to take care of over 800,000 patients on a globally capitated basis and several hundred thousand others on a fee-for-service basis. To give you another snippet of clinical information from HealthCare Partners using the 2014 HEDIS results, in Florida, one of our three legacy markets, we once again exceeded the Medicare fee-for-service benchmark on all metrics, and we are Four-Star to Five-Star across all MA patients on all nine HEDIS metrics, that is outstanding. If you stare at these and other numbers, you see that the clinical outcomes for both Kidney Care and HCP compare very favorably to national averages, healthier patients, healthier patient satisfaction, savings to taxpayers, that's the result. Onto operating performance. On the HCP side, $83 million NOI, that number is a bit misleading in that it includes the net benefit of $22 million from the recognition of some risk-sharing settlement that we do not expect to recur, that was real money that we earned, but it shouldn't have been centralized or concentrated in this particular quarter, but certainly very good news and even independent of that, a solid operating quarter. The big news on the HCP side, as many of you already know, is the announced combination of DaVita HealthCare Partners with the Everett Clinic. The Everett Clinic is one of the most respected, multi-specialty practices in America with a strong primary care focus, more than 350 physicians currently and we and they believe there is wonderful potential for highly robust growth in their market in the years to come. Already they take care of over 300,000 patients, that's mostly fee-for-service today, but there is especially strong interest in that geography by all parties to work with it and moving further down the value versus volume spectrum, we look to close in early 2016 and we're awfully excited. The balance of the business pipeline is strong, I'll leave it at that unless people want to talk during Q&A. On the Kidney Care side, operating income on the other hand was adversely impacted  affected by a non-recurring incident, $23 million reserve for refunds related to prior reimbursements received by our DaVita RX pharmacy business. So, we had a $22 million non-recurring pickup on one side, a $23 million non-recurring hit on the other side. So the net is the quarter is the quarter, but it's got those puts and takes. Our non-acquired dialysis treatment growth was 3.5%, usually I don't cover that, I'm covering it this time because it was the lowest in some time, a lot of different causes, just discuss a few of them, we've referred to some hospital contracting changes as of the last quarter or two, that continues to impact our numbers. We're also experiencing significant delays in some states where we are more concentrated than others. Due to delays in state certification and other regulatory issues, we have nearly doubled the number of de novos awaiting certification compared to the same time last year. And in addition, so far this year, we're not picking up any tailwind in terms of treatment growth from decreasing mortality. Nonetheless, we still expect total treatment growth over the intermediate term to remain between 4.5% and 6% as we have previously discussed at our Capital Markets Day, although we could be a bit below this year. And we expect non-acquired growth to remain between 3% and 4.5%, although the near term is likely to be at the lower end of that. Overall, 2015 guidance  enterprise guidance is now $1.87 billion to $1.915 billion. In Kidney Care, we are raising the guidance just slightly, operating income from $1.63 billion to $1.655 billion now. In HCP, we are tightening the range, operating income expectation of $240 million to $260 million. We're not giving quantitative 2016 guidance at this time, we'll be doing that  that type of 2016 guidance on the Q4 call, but we do want to provide some directional guidance for both HealthCare Partners and for Kidney Care. On the HCP side, we have two definite earnings headwinds and one potential earnings headwind. Number one is a definitive headwind in the form of reimbursement cuts. And these have been previously discussed for the most part a net $50 million hit in MA reimbursement because of the completion of the 100% move to the new HCC model, which has been previously disclosed and that number discussed. In addition, we expect about $20 million in Medicaid cuts as the State of California adjusts for the data on the Medicaid expansion population that came in earlier in the program and them settling that out at this time. The second earnings headwind is actually, we intend to make good news for the long term, which is some significant infrastructure and next-generation investments on the HCP side. We're at the point now where we can execute in these kinds of strategic moves with more confidence. The biggest chunk of that is on the IT and technology side, everything from improving the point-of-care information for our delivery system, significantly improving the depth and breadth of our mobile applications, significantly enhancing our website presence and features both for internal use and external use, and when we talk about external, we're talking about IPA physicians, we're talking about brokers, we're talking about patients, significant improvement in our data mining capability, in our clinical data warehouse, improvements in patient scheduling, things like that. The second largest area of increased investment will be in compliance legal. The  one of the other large ones is in increased physician recruiting as our growth potential continues to unfold, but the general title is a lot of infrastructure and next-generation investment. Now, one would reasonably want to ask for a lot of rigorous discussion of any such investment, and at our Capital Markets Day, we will provide just that, and we intend to do Capital Markets in the first half of the year. The third headwind is the potential headwind, which is the potential of the non-renewal of a payer contract due to the fact that right now, the rate offer is unacceptable. We hope it doesn't happen as it will cause significant patient and employer disruption, but it could, but that's a potential. Now the good news to weigh against those two real headwinds for next year and the one potential headwind for next year is our expectation of continued strong performance in our legacy markets. If you look over the last three years, the growth in our MA population in those legacy markets has been 15% on a CAGR basis. And if you eliminate the MA rate reductions on the RAF model side, on the HCC model side, then the CAGR of EBITDA growth in the last few years is approximately 4% or so. So, without those headwinds, we would be looking at some more favorable numbers. Nevertheless, when you put all that together, the net is that 2016 OI in HCP is likely to be lower than 2015, stepping back from that one year fact, our investment thesis still stands. We have a strong and substantial foundation where we are good at doing at scale what others want to be good at and we are working hard to enhance the team and value proposition as we move forward. On the dialysis front, I think we can be quite concise that it would be a year with the typical puts and takes in terms of upsides and downsides, if not for the fact that our Medicare reimbursement will be near-flat, and that's just a difficult headwind to overcome on that side as so many of you know. A few words on capital deployment, from an enterprise perspective, perhaps three points: point number one, in the quarter, we did significant capital deployment with substantial acquisitions in both U.S. Kidney care and HealthCare Partners, and we also did significant share repurchases as our earnings press release reflected; The second point is, we still have a healthy cash balance and continue to generate strong cash flows; and the third and final point is that we look forward continuing to deploy that cash over the next several quarters in the same way that we deployed that capital in this past quarter, evaluating the relative opportunities on an ongoing basis. Now, I hand it over to Jim Hilger, our Chief Financial Officer, who will walk through some more details and some of the numbers.
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: Thanks, Kent. Starting with Kidney Care, operating profits increased $17 million sequentially. This includes the increase in refund reserves recorded in Q3 at DaVita Rx. This improvement is driven primarily as a result of two main positive factors: one, an additional treatment day in the third quarter; and two, solid cost management of both patient care costs and G&A expense, with each down over $1 per treatment in the quarter as compared to Q2. International losses were $15 million in the quarter and this is consistent with the last quarter. We continue to expect international losses in 2015 to be close to $50 million. Now, on to the overall enterprise. Our debt expense was $103 million in the third quarter, which is a good run rate for debt expense in future quarters. Our income attributable to non-controlling interests was $46 million. We expect non-controlling interests to be slightly lower in Q4. Next, the effective tax rate attributable to DaVita HealthCare Partners in the third quarter was 40.5%. We expect the full-year tax rate for 2015 to be in a range of 39% to 40%, excluding the impact of the Vainer settlement. Also, we purchased $341 million of our common stock in the third quarter, which brings our total year-to-date repurchases to $425 million and 5.6 million shares. As you think about modeling the fourth quarter, here's a few things to keep in mind: Q4 is typically the weakest OI quarter of the year for HCP, and dialysis G&A tends to increase in the fourth quarter. Both of these are factored into our full 2015 operating income guidance. Now, turning to cash flow, we continue to generate strong cash flows. Operating cash flow was $679 million in the quarter. We now expect 2015 operating cash flow to be between $1.675 billion and $1.775 billion. This range excludes the approximately $300 million after-tax impact of the Vainer settlement. Please note that the strong cash flows in 2015 are borrowing a bit from the 2016 operating cash flows due to the timing of cash tax payments and other working capital items. As always, this guidance range captures a majority of probabilistic outcomes, but we could be above or below this range. And with that, operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Yes. I'm sorry. I was on mute. Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question is coming from Mr. Kevin Ellich. You may begin.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Hey. Thanks for taking my questions. Hey Kent, just wanted to start off, could you talk a little bit about  you named a bunch of headwinds? And also, the $22 million of risk sharing settlement for HCP. Just wondering if you'd give us a bit more color on that, how we should think about that if that is (0:15:35) kind of a one-time item?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. When you  you're referring to the $22 million positive pickup?
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Yes. That's right.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Jim, why don't you go ahead and cover that?
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: Yeah, Kevin that amount is  did occur  let me start over. That amount covers multiple periods, not just all in this quarter and it was out of trend. That's why we call it out. I wouldn't expect the same level of impact in future periods.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It was a positive development in large part, after a whole lot of back and forth between us and their payer, where the payer agreed that we actually deserved additional revenues and settled up in one fell swoop.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Great. And then, I know you guys have the non-acquired treatment growth has been a little bit lower and you called out a number of things, Kent. How long do you think this will persist and when do you think we'll see normalized growth kind of back in the 4% to 4.5% range? Thanks.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. It's the right question, Kevin, and I'm unfortunately going to disappoint you in the answer, which is, it's not clear. We know, as we've continued to prune our hospital portfolio, that we'll put that behind us and then the year-over-year comparisons will start to be different than the way they look right now. But the certification and regulatory delays are very hard to predict and particularly in places like California where we have a lot of centers and a lot of centers waiting to be built and/or certified and/or occupied, where we're really getting hurt. And if we were more adept in this area in terms of predicting, we would have told you ahead of time that it was going to happen, and clearly, we didn't tell you ahead of time. And then on the mortality front, we've done so well over the last four years, five years, six years in a row, and this plateauing was not something we expected. And so, we, at the same time or in the same way, are not good at saying what's going to happen over the next year to that trajectory. So in two out of the three that I mentioned and then there's a few other drivers that just aren't worth going into, but as you can see, in two out of the three that I did mention, we just don't have the ability to predict, unfortunately.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thanks a lot. Next question please, operator.
Operator: Yes. Our next question is coming from Mr. Matt Borsch. Your line is open.
Matthew Richard Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. Just directionally, it seems that you would still be pointing to the Kidney Care side having positive operating income growth for 2016. Can you comment on that?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We actually are not commenting on that and we only wanted to comment on HCP because we felt there might be a growing gap in the perception what was likely to happen because you couldn't have insight into how aggressive we intend to be in terms of infrastructure investments and next-generation investment, reflecting a real bullishness on how differentiated we could be a few years downstream. And so because of that, we said, gee, there is no reason to wait because we know we're going to do it. It's not dependent on any intervening development. And we know we're going to have to do a lot of explaining and we're eager to do that explaining. But absent that, we just felt it's not appropriate to go into further quantify guidance at this time.
Matthew Richard Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Let me back off if I could and just ask a high-level question. As we think about the HCP model and certainly I think there's a very compelling case that the physician-led delegated model is  has historically and will continue to outperform the hospital-centric model. But if you look at the markets where, in essence, you're competing with the hospitals for the hearts and minds of physicians, do you think what the hospitals are doing, I'm sure it varies by system, but is it real here or in most cases, we really haven't gotten into real risk taking in a lot of these markets? It's upside-only bonuses and window dressing and bells and whistles around HCOs. I just want to get your sense of your assessment of the hospital systems and what they're really doing on integration.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me grope around here for a minute and then we can see where you want to take it, Matt. First of all, not surprisingly, the answer differs a lot by institution, that some are far more committed, far more adept, have been working on it for far longer, allocate more talent and capital. And those entities are doing some real stuff, real population health management, really bending the cost curve. That is a small minority of the overall pool. A lot of other folks are acquiring practices and recruiting doctors, where  with 85% of the motivation being to just secure their referral flow. And they are not making the tough decisions and tough investments associated with actually getting very good at that. And so for us, however, in either case, we look at it with a fresh set of eyes. Some hospitals and health systems are becoming great partners to us. And we will work with them to succeed in both population health management and fee-for-service at the same time. In other cases, we are in fact competing with hospitals as they speak to move down the path or just try to gain control of their referral flows. So for us, whether health system is really committed and getting good at it or actually not committed is independent of our decision of who is friend or foe, and sometimes it's kind of in the middle.
Matthew Richard Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. No, that's great. I'll get out of the queue.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. You're welcome back as always.
Matthew Richard Borsch - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Mr. Kevin Fischbeck. Your line is open.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thanks. Can you just explain a little more what the pharmacy item was?
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: It's just a case where we had built for some items and we got paid for them. And as part of our normal compliance reviews, we uncovered that. We should not have been paid for them or paid the wrong amount, I'm not going to know all the details. And so, we went back in time, identified all those instances, and in some cases, I think going back four years, five years and maybe payments to the government. But because we did it in one fell swoop across three different issues going back in time, it added up to a pretty significant number, and so we felt we better carve that out and let you know.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And I guess when you gave the guidance on HCP, you didn't mention there is a tailwind to deal  that you guys have been pretty active on the deal time to  you've obviously been ramping up some de novo starts. And I guess there was some thought that Arizona and New Mexico would start to look better next year. So just wanted to see directionally, are those things not going to be contributing into next year or how do we think about that?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Very fair question. And the problem with the business model is A), right now, some of these assets are expensive, because so many people would like to have them as their partner; and B), in many instances, they one  step one is actually to add expense to start building the capability and start negotiating the contracts that are going to lead to the incremental value and the incremental profit. But it means you're adding expense before you're adding revenue with positive contribution margins, and it takes time to get some of the contracts and execute. So, while a number of those different investments we've made are right on plan, those plans are not going to contribute any significant incremental profit in 2016. And in cases like the Everett Clinic, which has a long track record of strong operating performance, nonetheless the growth opportunity is so substantial, we are eager with them to invest, to go pursue that growth opportunity. But in the short term, that means a bunch of expense. So, we understand that it's our responsibility to delineate this with good conceptual and analytical rigor at the Capital Markets Day. In the meantime, the net number is nothing to get excited about from a short-term profit point of view.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I guess, that makes sense. What about the Arizona and New Mexico, I thought those were kind of on a multi-year kind of a rebuild?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think our policy is not to go through every individual market on every call. What I can tell you is that if you look at our sort of portfolio of new markets and joint ventures, some which are two-years-old, some are one-year-old, some are six-months-old, that the 2016 versus 2015 results in aggregate are going to be about the same, and that's a mix of  of some moving into profitability, some moving into bigger losses and everything in between. But the portfolio is basically a non-story in terms of helping or hurting 2016 versus 2015.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then I guess maybe last question. If the CMS reg was finalized, I just wondered (0:26:13) your interpretation of the provisioning there to kind of include drugs more quickly into the bundled rate. I think there's been some hope that as EPO goes generic, there can be notably a period of time where you guys benefit from the lower cost drug for a while, it seemed like what TLS was trying to do is trying to narrow that window. And so, I just want to understand your interpretation of that, and then also, if in fact Amgen waits a while to match, and one of the drug that's currently out there starts to get used a little bit, is that going to put you  is that a headwind potentially into 2017, I guess?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Let me turn that one over to LeAnne.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Group Vice President-Purchasing and Public Affairs: Yeah. Well there was a couple of questions in there. So let me adjust restate what CMS is doing. One, they have categories which they have identified for when a drug or a service would be new, and so how that would come into the bundle. And number two, as you're specifically referencing, I think, the introduction of IV Sensipar, they have accepted the industry's recommendation that that product be outside of the bundle for a transition period, which time that they will be to able to establish the cost and clinical efficacy, et cetera of that product, and then as they suggest that that period be a minimum of two year. After such period, both that product as well as the oral equivalent will come into the bundled payment system. They don't go through much more detail than that or a little bit more detail, but I'm sure we look forward to working with them over the next couple of years through the detail implementation. I'm not sure if that answers your question, but if you want to be more specific, I can certainly provide a little more data.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: No, that's definitely helpful. I guess the generic biosimilar, could a biosimilar EPO gets thrown into that same...
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Group Vice President-Purchasing and Public Affairs: Yeah. So, in the first  in my first statement, they have identified categories where a new entrant would just come in under existing payment. So yes, the biosimilars, we would expect, would be under the bundled payment system when the FDA approval is complete.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And they're just going to  weighted average for the use of those drugs versus the average to come up with what the new rate for that drug will be?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Group Vice President-Purchasing and Public Affairs: Yeah. So, remember, for the ESRD payment system, there is no particular quote rate for any single component of the bundle, but it's the bundled payment system. I haven't thought through for you how non-ESRD clinics would be reimbursed for a product like that. I can give it some thought and certainly get back to you.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sure. Okay. No, that's helpful. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Mr. Gary Lieberman. Your line is open.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon, and thanks for taking my question. I guess the first question on the HCP expenses for the infrastructure and investments. The way you were speaking, it sounds like most of that's going to be expensed. Is there some portion that would be capitalized or are you still trying to figure out how much of that would get capitalized versus the expense?
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: Some will be capitalized, but not a big percentage.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And so I guess excluding the sort of some of those upfront investments, you didn't say specifically, but sort of insinuated that operating income would be positive without that? Is that a fair statement?
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: Well, let's see. What I did say was that because of the expected headwinds, netting against the organic growth, et cetera, that we expect OI to be down. I actually  trying to do all the math in my head, without the investments, I can't answer your question spontaneously. But in aggregate, given the two definitive headwinds and the one potential headwind and given our current sense of organic growth, et cetera, that we expect the net to be unfortunately one that leads OI to be down 2016 versus 2015, so I realize I just restated what I said earlier, but I think I just have to leave it at that.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then maybe on that, the third potential headwind, is there any more detail you could throw us on that, is that a large contract, is that somewhere that you've had issues before?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think that would be not in our shareholders' best interest to go into any more detail on an active negotiation.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then maybe turning towards the Kidney Care business and just getting an update on, to the extent that that you can give it on your ESA strategy, specifically I guess the 10% of the drug that you could use non  not of EPO based under the current contract, are you doing any of that or you're thinking of doing any of that? And then also maybe comment on, it sounds like Amgen is trying to move some customers to  onto Aranesp to see if you are doing that or what your thoughts are around that?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: LeAnne, do you want to go ahead and take that please.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Group Vice President-Purchasing and Public Affairs: Can you repeat your question please, sorry?
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Sure. The  first part of it was, is sort of just an update on your ESA strategy and specifically...
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Group Vice President-Purchasing and Public Affairs: Yes.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: ...the 10% of your contract that you're allowed to use outside of Epogen? And then the second piece of it was, any comments or thoughts or anything that you're doing regarding Amgen's apparent move to try to get someone dialysis operators to move to Aranesp as opposed to Epogen?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Group Vice President-Purchasing and Public Affairs: Yeah. Sure. We do intend to do a pilot on the long-lasting Micera (0:32:32) agent in 2016, and certainly we do have availability with that 10% to try both a long-lasting agent as well as one other biosimilar for Epogen that would come in and we certainly will consider both options. As for Amgen-specific actions with respect to moving the industry to Aranesp, clearly that seems in some way for them to be competing with the steroids, the long-lasting agent and making sure that they have an opportunity for the marketplace to test our product. We are not presently doing anything significant with Aranesp. Does that answer your question?
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. I think that answers my question. And then, excuse me, really just a follow-up on that, (0:32:24) any questions  not any questions, any thoughts or comments on the FDA's letter on Retacrit.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Group Vice President-Purchasing and Public Affairs: No, just we've seen what's in the public marketplace the same issue and we wish them the best if they answer the questions with the FDA.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Margaret Kaczor. Ma'am, your line is open.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. So, I know you guys don't want to talk about specific kind of partnerships. But you've seen (0:34:01) you've seen (0:34:02) running at a $500 million run-rate. And just broadly speaking, as we go out until year three, year four, and year five, what should we think of top-line growth rate as well as the profitability profile? And then just to follow up on that, as we think of other partnerships that you guys are doing, are you expecting a more similar profitability and top-line growth rate? Thanks.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we are not in the practice of giving that kind of market-by-market guidance. And even if we were, we would hesitate because there is so much uncertainty in exactly how it will unfold. And we, as you know, ramped up from nothing to $500 million, imputed top line in a very short time, and as (0:35:00) going in the markets to the range of outcome over the next year or two is quite wide. And so, we're excited about it and we have a high-quality partnership with the big-positioned IPA and with IVC. But to go any further would just not be prudent. There's just two wide a range of outcomes.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And in terms of kind of the NAG growth, I know you touched on the impact of acute care contracts and maybe those patients coming in. But can you give us any kind of clarity in terms of what the chronic non-acquired treatment growth was in the quarter?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'll have to turn to my partner here, I don't know if it's a number we've disclosed before or not. We have not done that in the past, but we'll let us reflect on it, given our NAG is down and that's one of the reasons it's a very fair question. So let us reflect and maybe starting next quarter, we'll put it out.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, I'll sneak one more in if I could. In terms of kind of the delays  the regulatory delays in opening some clinics, do you expect that to move into different states as well? Are you prepared for that? And is it just you guys that are maybe seeing some of these delays or competitors as well? Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We think everybody is experiencing the same delays on that front. However, we have a significantly higher percentage of our de novas in some of the states that are the slowest right now, California being prominent among them.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thank you, Margaret.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mr. (0:36:43). Your line is open.
Unknown Speaker: Good afternoon. With regard to Everett, you commented that it serves mostly a fee-for-service population, and that you hope going forward, it becomes more of a value-based enterprise. How do we move from sort of the fee-for-service model today to where you want to be in the future? And is that primarily going to come in the Medicare Advantage space or commercial partnered with hospitals, or how do we think about the conversion there? Thanks.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Got it; three points. Point number one, we think good multi-specialty groups can make significant contribution margins in a fee-for-service world, as Everett Clinic and others have demonstrated. So, we never want to confuse profitability as being only the result of having globally capitated contracts that  it's our premise that exactly the opposite is true, especially, when we start partnering with a group and they have more access to capital to do some of the things that are quite leveraged even in a fee-for-service world. Second, that the  one of the powerful levers to pull to enhance the value proposition and profitability of a major medical group is actually to sign some global risk contracts and begin to invest in eliminating waste from this system and improving health. And then third, there's all sorts of less dramatic value-based contracting that can go on in between, whether it's shared savings and bonus plans and new market incentives and combined ancillaries, and so that the menu of intermediary steps that can be taken with plans in a market, or with a health system or with other medical groups is quite long. And so, with the Everett Clinic, we're excited because our five-year strategy encompasses accomplished all three of those fulcrums.
Unknown Speaker: Got it. And then just a follow-up on HCP and you sort of touched on this generally. But investors, I would say, have been patient with sort of the business and profitability trends. And I think a lot of people were optimistic that 2016 would sort of be the inflection year, where things generally start to turn for the better. Clearly, some of the things that are going on next year are true business sort of things that will come up, other  some of it's going to be discretionary. I guess, what would you say to people that  when should we really start to thinking about an inflection in the investments in the patients really begins to pay off for the shareholders? And I'll leave at that. Thanks.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, that's the X-hundred million dollar question. And right now, we just can't give a date where that happens, although we certainly respect the fact that patients can run thin, and it's part of why we look forward so much to the upcoming Capital Markets session, where we can spend a significant block of time going through this with more analytical rigor. I would remind folks that absent the change in the RAF model, which certainly we've mis-handicapped, but absent the change in the RAF model, we would all be sitting here quite content with our margins and returns and their trajectory. Now, that just so happens to be a major issue. And not to be ignored, and government policy can continue to change although that model of course is 100% implemented in the MA program has an awful lot of political support in terms of supporting the benchmark rate. But we do want to make sure people continue to parse through the impact of that single MA model change from the performance of the legacy market  from the performance of the new market. And at Capital Markets, we'll attempt to do a real good job of parsing through those different components. And so, you can assess whether your patients should be sustained or jettisoned.
Unknown Speaker: Great. Thanks a lot.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Gary Taylor. Your line is open.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Sorry. Hi. Good evening, a couple housekeeping items first, I want to make sure I have correct. The refund of the pharmacy payments in the ESRD segment, that was a revenue item?
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: Yes. That reduced revenue.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And the new revised guidance for consolidated company on operating income, the $1.870 billion to $1.915 billion, that is versus the $1.421 billion nine-month figure or is that nine-month figure actually being adjusted in some way?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: People are reflecting and staring at pieces of paper, Gary. So, can you go on your next question and...
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Sure.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: ...I'll come back to you later.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. On that, I guess I'm getting to kind of  I'm trying to understand just the implied fourth quarter operating income, which I think is $449 million to $494 million, which tied to again kind of your comment sequentially, but I just want to make sure I'm apples-to-apples there? And...
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: Gary. Yeah. You said that the year-to-date $1.421 billion, that's correct. Yeah. That'd be non-GAAP adjusted.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And revenue per treatment in Dallas has been stronger year-to-date than we thought, I know in the last couple of calls, you've talked about commercial mix being kind of a surprising positive trend factor. Obviously, that number was stable sequentially, so it couldn't have done  it couldn't have done much, maybe the growth year-over-year narrowed a little bit. So is that the right conclusion, commercial mix kind of holding stable with that  that year-over-year improvement, Kent?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Of the two dynamics, one is mixed, and of course, even small increments and decrements can move the dial. And I'm trying to remember at what level we were around on the numbers that you've seen. But if it's a full percentage point, which is my memory, then...
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I think it's right.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: ...there can be a significant movement within that. And then, second, as you know as well as any of us, that we're always winning and losing some battles on the payer front in terms of rate negotiation. And right now, we're having a few more victories than defeat in that realm, and so some of that  that's  some of that is contributing.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Last question, just trying to understand a little bit, going to the ATP segment, capitated number of months down  no actually pure enrollment, I think down about 18,500 or a couple of 2% sequentially and down a little bit year-over-year. I know you call out in your text legacy markets and for months (0:44:43) approximately flat. So will this include  you've intentionally dropped some membership in some of the newer markets or is that the right conclusion?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We do have one of the new markets where we very intentionally dropped a plan that led to a significant drop in membership, and that was a good thing for our P&L and for our strategic position. Now, having said that, I'm not sure that explains exactly what you're bringing up, so let me look around the room here. Yeah, Gary, yeah, that is the explanation. It was very conscious and negotiated and has significantly enhanced our P&L.
Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Steven Erito (0:45:38).Your line is open.
Unknown Speaker: I just wanted to follow up on the HCP questions. I think the keyword was patients, and we've been in your stock for a couple of years on in-patient. Is there any way we could get some outlook prior to the Analyst Day in May? Certainly, you guys have made a decision to budget higher expenses. I'd just like to get an idea of what type of return you're looking for to get on those expenses and not have to wait until April or May of next year? Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We will think about it. We are contemplating moving the Capital Markets up relative to last year. And in addition, we're going to give the actual quantitative guidance after Q4. So, I think you'll have two good bites of the apple of getting more information and being able to test it relatively soon. Am I answering the question, or am I missing it?
Unknown Speaker: No, I think you got it. That's fine. And the other questions, kind of addressed it, so I won't belabor the point. Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, there are no further questions.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well, thanks everyone for your consideration of DaVita. And we will do the best we can in the intervening months until we talk again. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - Vice President-Investor Relations Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Steve C. Baxter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.
Operator: Welcome and thank you for joining DaVita's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Now, I'll turn the call over to your host, Mr. Jim Gustafson. Thank you. You may now begin.
Jim Gustafson - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Vince, and welcome everyone to our second quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. And with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Jim Hilger, our Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. I'd like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statements. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings, included in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will disclose some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jim. Solid results in Q4 for both Kidney Care and HCP. We'll start by discussing our clinical outcomes first, as we always do. 176,000 dialysis patients in America, about 35% of the patients in America; 98% with a Kt/V of 1.2 or greater; 73% of patients with fistulas placed for access. And we'd like to talk a little bit about our VillageHealth metrics, where we're at the cutting-edge of integrated care for these kidney care patients, with numbers like the hospitalization rate 26% better than the U.S. ESRD average; our readmission rate 31% better than the U.S. ESRD average; and as low as 5% catheter rates; and our special needs plans, less than half are already industry-leading companywide rate and 70% better than the U.S. ESRD average. These are wonderfully exciting numbers of incredible clinical and economic benefits for society, cannot be scaled until we have a new government program, and we are hopeful in that regard, and then continue to work collaboratively with the government to try to move us there. On the clinical side with respect to healthcare patients and our 830,000 patients there for whom we provide true population health management care individual-by-individual, but also across the entire population, if you look at 2014 HEDIS clinical metrics, California, our largest legacy market, we once again exceeded the Medicare fee-for-service benchmark on all metrics, and we were four or five star across all MA patients on eight of the nine HEDIS metrics that are directly applicable to providers. So the clinical outcomes for both Kidney Care and HealthCare Partners compared very favorably to national averages, which means healthier patients, higher patient satisfaction, and savings to taxpayers. But now back to those solid results. In Kidney Care, that translated into $409 million NOI, and HealthCare Partners $72 million. Jim Hilger will elaborate on the Kidney Care numbers, but I'll just provide a couple of highlights. The biggest good news is that our commercial mix and our rates, both went up a bit. The biggest bad news is that our NAG, our non-acquired growth, went down. The commercial mix number is particularly significant in that it shows that up to this point at least, exchanges are not hurting us as we continue to hold our commercial prices constant for this commercial segment in our mind. And one reason we're able to do that is because more and more payers are paying more and more attention to the total value proposition, which is to say our ability to reduce hospital rates, to reduce cost of care in other areas continues to grow as a factor in determining the prices for the core treatment itself. Now on to HealthCare Partners, solid performance. But there were some one-time favorable and unfavorable items, so you shouldn't actually take the $72 million as the normalized number. Better to think of it as normalized at about $65 million, which is in line with our annual guidance after some of those one-time puts and takes. On the business development front in HealthCare Partners, we are getting better. We have actually added full-time folks in the last few months, the first time since we did the deal. We are not satisfied yet, but we're getting to be pretty darn competitive. We're in some high potential conversations, and our status as the leading independent medical group in America is one that puts us in incredibly good position for some of the high-quality conversations we're having. Separate from thinking about potential transactions, we are sitting at an MA lives numbers that is 8.3% higher than the same time last year. So very nice growth stream underneath those numbers. Moving on to guidance for the balance of 2015 or for the total of 2015 depending on how you want to look at it, our enterprise guidance is now $1.825 billion to $1.925 billion. What this means is we raised the bottom end of Kidney Care guidance by $25 million. It's consisting of Kidney Care being $1.6 billion to $1.65 billion and HCP being $225 million to $275 million. If I were to step back for a moment and just comment on our outlook, we have two strong business positions, both enjoying some steady unit growth, each with reasonably stable economics, although there is always some to-ing and fro-ing, and we are investing significantly for our future in improving our value proposition in ways that others will matter. And then specifically with request to HealthCare Partners, we're continuing to make very good progress in creating a highly differentiated physician experience, a highly differentiated patient experience, and more of a growth capability outside of the historical markets. I'll now turn it over to Jim Hilger.
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: Thanks, Kent. Starting with Kidney Care, our Kidney Care operating profits increased $38 million sequentially, driven primarily by three main positive factors: number one, higher number of treatment days in the quarter; number two, improved revenue per treatment due to improved commercial mix and commercial rates; and three, lower payroll taxes. These positive factors were partially offset by higher dialysis pharmaceutical expenses, driven by higher average unit costs in the quarter and increased losses in our strategic initiatives in the international business. Our non-acquired dialysis treatment growth was 3.7% normalized in the quarter. This was the lowest in quite some time. While there was no single cause for this decline in our NAG, some of the reasons include higher mistreatments during the flu season earlier in the year and efforts to improve the profitability of our acute business. This has put  we have been putting a tighter screen on our new and existing relationships, and in some cases, exiting some hospital relationships where rates were too low to be sustainable. As an example, we recently lost a hospital chain acute service contract to a competitor, because we were not willing to accept the low rates the hospitals offered. These efforts have improved acute revenue per treatment and OI, but have had an adverse impact on our growth. Now moving to G&A, G&A in our dialysis business was down from Q1 by about $2 per treatment, driven by seasonal declines in payroll taxes and the more treatment days in the quarter, and also higher-levels of legal and consulting spend that occurred in the first quarter. Please note that due to this higher legal spend in the first half of the year, we anticipate dialysis G&A per treatment to be slightly above last year's levels. International losses were $15 million in the quarter, which includes an asset impairment of $4 million. Including this non-cash charge, we now expect international losses in 2015 to be close to $50 million. Moving now to the overall enterprise, our debt expense was $104 million in the second quarter, which is a good run rate for debt expense in future quarters. Our income attributable to non-controlling interests was $37 million. Next, the effective tax rate attributable to DaVita HealthCare Partners in the second quarter was 39.2%, after excluding the $8 million tax adjustment related to the finalization of the Vainer settlement. We expect the full-year tax rate for 2015 to be in the range of 39% to 40%, again excluding the impact of the Vainer settlement. And during the quarter, we repurchased $14 million in stock, but none subsequent to our last earnings announcement. Turning to cash flow, we continue to generate strong cash flows. Our operating cash flow was $335 million in the second quarter, excluding the after-tax impact of payments made in connection with the Vainer settlement. And we now expect our 2015 operating cash flow to be between $1.6 billion and $1.75 billion, again excluding the Vainer settlement. As always, this guidance range captures the majority of probabilistic outcomes, but we could be above or below the range. And with that, operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Mr. Kevin Fischbeck. Your line is now open.
Steve C. Baxter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, yes, this is Steve Baxter filling in for Kevin. I wanted to ask about the proposed managed care consolidation. I wanted to  the plans have largely talked about this enabling them to drive a shift towards value-based payment models. Do you think this could help move markets that are traditionally more fee-for-service kind of down the value chain? And I guess, how do you think about this as impacting HCP down the line?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we hope what they're saying is true. But directionally, we think this kind of additional consolidation of market share is an unambiguous negative. Hopefully for us, because of where we sit with respect to our value proposition on both sides of the house, we can make some lemons out of  make some lemonade out of the lemon. But we worry a lot about what that combination or those combinations can mean for network adequacy and access for consumers as well as rates for consumers. So we have a lot of concern and we'll do the best we can. And hopefully there will be some opportunities created, particularly for us.
Steve C. Baxter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. That makes sense. I definitely see how you could perceive it as a negative on the dialysis side, but do you see it that way for HCP as well?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely. In general, that kind of increased consolidation just leads to more market pricing power and leveraging rate power, which often then if successful doesn't flow through to the consumer, because of the market pricing power. So we hope that it will create market-specific opportunities for us, because we think some of those folks do want to move to a more value-based world. But the dominant, the dominant directional effect is one that is scary both from the rate to consumer side and the leverage over provider side.
Steve C. Baxter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mr. Gary Lieberman. Your line is open.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon, and thanks for taking the question. You'd mentioned that I guess the pharmaceutical costs being up in the quarter were one reason that impacted profitability. I guess going back to the Investor Day, you had made some fairly vocal comments in terms of I guess what your thoughts were in terms of pricing for Epogen as new competition came to the market. Fresenius discussed moving a number of patients to Mircera. And so I just wanted to get your updated thoughts on where you thought the pricing was headed and if you had any conversations that maybe you could share with us?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: There haven't been any significant developments since the last call, Gary. We still have our hopes for how competitive market forces will unfold in that sphere. But there's been nothing noteworthy that's actually happened yet nor did we expect anything noteworthy to happen within this timeframe. But I don't know if Jim or LeAnne would want to add anything.
James K. Hilger - Interim CFO and Chief Accounting Officer: No, I think that's pretty much it, Gary.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. So I guess the assumption that we should be working under would be that you would need to sort of see perhaps Hospira's drug come to market before there is enough of a dynamic in the market to bring down pricing?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well certainly, I think my response would just be pretty generic. The more people that come to market, the better, and we'll do everything we can to encourage it as will other people. And at the same time, of course, we have a lot of respect for the clinical efficacy of what we use right now. But certainly the more the merrier, the sooner the better.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then to follow up on the comments about the lost hospital business and I guess some competition on price, can you give us any more color on that? Was that a large national player that competed on price or a local provider?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: On the spectrum, it was a lot closer to the large size than the small size. And it was a significant account and it went for a price that we would not agree to, and it wasn't that difficult a decision. So it's just important that shareholders know that there is some of those pressures out there, and so you can worry about them at the same time that we are.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Should we be more worried about them? I mean do you see that increasing or do you sort of see this as an aberration?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Don't know.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, all right. Thanks very much.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thanks, Garry.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Margaret Kaczor, your line is open.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Couple of questions from me. First, as we think about the non-acquired dialysis patient growth as we go over the next several quarters, is that 3.7% treatment growth similar to the patient growth? And then in terms of the lower growth, how can we attribute it between two buckets you had mentioned, the higher mistreatments versus the lower increase in the acute business?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Let me handle the second one first. We're not breaking it out, because it's just a single quarter and there is a fair amount of noise in the data, and so both factors are material. And there's some other stuff that play as well, only we didn't want to break it into four pieces, five pieces, six pieces. And so I think for the quarter, at least we'll just keep it at letting you know what a couple of the bigger drivers were, and that's as much as we can say now, and in each case, that effect may continue. As to the outlook going forward, we hope we can do better than how we did this quarter, but right now we can't guarantee that.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, you guys had mentioned that the commercial mix had increased. As we look at your guidance, what do you include in terms of the commercial mix? Are you expecting that to continue to increase as we go on throughout the year or stay pretty stable with where you are today?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Unfortunately on that one, it's another answer, we don't know. Certainly there has been a nice trend now for a number of months, that's comforting. But we watch each and every month, their earliest minute we can to see what happened to that number. And at this point, we're not willing to predict that it's going to keep going up, but we sure hope so.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. But you're not assuming that it continues to go up in the guidance that you've got it out right now, your operating income?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think in this case, our operating income guidance, we had never specified exactly what we were presuming on commercial mix. And we're not changing whatever we had in there. So there is no change to our guidance driven by what's happened with mix. And then probably the right way to think about it is the movements we've had on mix to be either consistent with whatever forecast we had or move this up within the range of guidance that we have.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And I hate to sneak one more in, but if I could, Kent now that you've got HCP, and then you guys have kind of gotten your hands wet in different models. You're increasing the biz dev group, expanding the business. What have you guys learned in terms of what deals are more or less accretive versus kind of the initial expectations when you had acquired HCP? And is there a model in which you've narrowed in on that's maybe more beneficial for you guys to pursue more aggressively? Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: A very fair question. I think what we like most is investing in growth, in our legacy markets. And that's consistent with what we said we would like a couple of years ago and we continue to like that, that's through organic growth and tuck-in acquisitions and things like that. Second, we really like buying quality medical groups. We're partnering in some serious capacity with major medical groups, like we did in Colorado Springs, and as we are in a few conversations as we speak. So that's probably our second favorite option for growth. And then, third and finally, we still have a lot of excitement around our payer joint venture in Philadelphia with IBC. And for those in general, and for our health system partnerships as we have with Centura in Colorado, but we continue to emphasize that, that is R&D, these are new types of arrangements and will take some time to emerge. So we're positive on them. But at this point, if we had to rank the kind of risk-adjusted, timing-adjusted attractiveness of different segments of growth, we'd put good old legacy markets and partnering with major medical groups at the top.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Ellich. Your line is open.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Hey, Kent, thanks for taking the question. I jumped on late, so I apologize if I missed some of this. I just wanted to talk ESCOs, If you've covered it already, I can go back and check the transcript. But what's your thought  we've heard ESCOs being delayed. Is that something that you guys have considered? And I guess, what's your thoughts going forward with that program?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: On ESCOs, a couple of things. Number one, they haven't started yet. Number two, we don't know when they will start. Number three, we're working very collaboratively with CMS to get the design buttoned up. And the good news is, we and a lot of other people in the community and a growing number of people in CMS are quite positive. But to go any further than that would just be speculating and not a good use of your time.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we don't have any further questions on queue.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I will go ahead and add one other comment, operator. I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name at the top of the call. But I may have been a little bit off in one of my comments a moment ago. We're not quite expansive enough that we had provided guidance previously at our total treatment growth would be in the 4.5% to 6% range, and we're still comfortable with that expectation. Operator, are there other questions?
Operator: Yes sir. We have another question from Mr. Gary Lieberman. Your line is open.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the follow-up. Didn't want you guys to get off that easy. Just wanted to maybe go back to some of your comments on HCP and the growth and kind of what you're seeing and what your expectations are for additional deals you might do this year?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And I'm sorry, I may have been talking over you at the beginning telling you that we're going to get revenge for your provoking the question period, but prolonging it.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I look forward to that.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: But on HCP, we were in some high-potential promising conversations. Having said that, none of them are going to close quickly. If we succeed, it will be a very exciting beginning of our next chapter. But it's not going to happen in the next couple of months. And so I think there's nothing dramatic we can say about what will close or not close this year. All I can say is we are very substantively engaged with some groups that we really like.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lisa Clive. Your line is open.
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Hi. Just a question on your VillageHealth program. You started your prepared remarks with some interesting statistics on that. Could you remind us how many patients you have within VillageHealth? And I'm assuming the vast majority or almost all of them are Medicare Advantage. Could you give us some idea of what proportion of your total Medicare Advantage patient population are currently going through VillageHealth?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The definition of VillageHealth that we're using now is a broad one, which is to say the number of patients where there's some form of value-based payment. And so using that broad definition, which in its most extreme form is global capitation, and we have a nice chunk of that both in the Kidney Care side and on the HealthCare Partners side. And then down to having some kind of performance bonuses, shared savings arrangements with individual payers or health systems. And so that total number of patients where we're in some form of value-based payment is about 20,000. So it's significantly higher than what it was a few years ago.
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: And is that  yeah, because I remember, I mean the last time I looked at the numbers, I thought it was more like 9,000. Is that largely because you've included those categories where it's not a sort of full capitation model and so could we assume that half of that 20,000, they're sort of less than full capitation?
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, more than half. The, I don't know if we've disclosed the amount of globally capitated ESRD patients we have, but it's probably in the neighborhood of 1,800 or so, which is probably significantly more than anyone else, but that gives you a sense of the mix.
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Lisa.
Operator: At this time we don't have any questions on the queue.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm sorry operator, what did you say?
Operator: At this time, we don't have any further questions on queue, sir.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We'll hold for about 10 seconds or so just to give folks a chance. This is perhaps the most uneventful quarterly call we've had in 16 years. And so we will work hard to hopefully make the next one just as uneventful and hopefully positive for everyone involved. Thank you very much for your interest in DaVita. Operator, are there any other ones?
Operator: No questions on queue, sir.
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you all very much.
Operator: Thank you. So that concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-12 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - Vice President of Investor Relations Kent J. Thiry - Co-Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer of Healthcare Partners Garry E. Menzel - Chief Financial Officer James K. Hilger - Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Dana Syrune Nentin - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Margaret Kaczor - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Kim, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita HealthCare Partners Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you, Mr. Gustafson, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, Kim, and welcome, everyone, to our fourth quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. And with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Garry Menzel, our CFO; Jim Hilger, our Chief Accounting Officer; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. I'd like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statements. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Thank you, Jim, and greetings to all. Thank you for your interest in our enterprise. In the fourth quarter, we had solid results, all sides of the house. Kidney Care OI, $419 million, but that includes the net $29 million benefit from recognizing the deferred Medi-Cal revenues, so $390 million without that. And HCP OI, $33 million, both results within our previously provided guidance ranges. We'll cover clinical outcomes first, as we do every call. We are, first and foremost, a caregiving company. CMS issued final QIP results on the Kidney Care side of the house recently. Once again, we led industry. Only 1.5% of our clinics had a 2015 penalty versus the overall industry's 5.6%. In other words, 73% more. This means we've outperformed the rest of the industry each year since that program began 4 years ago and in fact, remained first in 3 of 4 QIP categories this time. We also are leading the industry in 2015 Star rating results with over 50% of DaVita facilities receiving a Star rating of 4 or 5 versus 21% of the rest of the industry. So we're very proud of these results. And while no particular clinical metric by itself or system by itself is perfect, in aggregate, this is indisputably a strong performance for our patients and for the system. And we hope CMS continues to report clinical metrics, and we'll work on them to do so -- and work with them to do so. On the HealthCare Partners side, similarly strong news. Over 800,000 patients now for whom we take comprehensive care. If we just grab Nevada, 1 of our 3 largest markets, and look at cancer screening and diabetes. We have 4 or 5 Star across all of our Medicare Advantage patients, including some other factoid, 70% of our patients receiving colorectal cancer screenings compared to a national average of 65%, and 63% of our diabetic patients with cholesterol scores below 100. Both of those are 5 Star scores and that's compared also to a 55% national average. So for the clinical outcomes throughout the enterprise, very strong. We take it very seriously. And in all these cases, healthier patients leads to savings to America's taxpayers, hopefully a value-add that we can increasingly monetize for you. Let's talk a little bit about HCP operating performance now and expected, and Garry will talk a little bit more about Kidney Care. HCP, $33 million NOI, right in the middle of the guidance for the quarter. But let's hit the bad news right up front, and that is that CMS may make multiple changes to Medicare Advantage reimbursement. And in aggregate, this could mean that HealthCare Partners 2016 NOI could be below and even well below 2015, so unambiguous, potential bad news on that side. We incorrectly handicapped the Medicare Advantage reimbursement cuts last year, and I apologize that -- for that. I got it wrong. This actually is becoming a strategic issue for Medicare Advantage in our minds that it is crucial for CMS to protect the incentive to innovate to create health where now there is sickness and reduce risk where it is high for these patients, and we hope they realize that in their near-term decision-making. Now let's switch to the good news front and here, I'll make 4 significant points. One has already been referred to, the strong clinical outcomes. Two, in our legacy markets, MA enrollment was up 7% year-over-year, meaning January '15 over January '14, excluding acquisitions. And if you include in-market acquisitions, it goes up to 10%. So that's fact #2. Fact #3 in Albuquerque, New Mexico, MA enrollment a year ago was 2,500. It's now about 11,000. And fee-for-service visits per provider are up 20% from last year's low point. And then fact #4 on the positive side of the ledger. We told you 18 months ago that we were going to be exploring 4 different segments: growth through IPAs, growth through payer partners, growth through health system partners and growth through acquiring prominent medical groups. We did the Phoenix IPA back right around that time and since that time, we've done a significant payer partnership, a significant health system partnership and a significant acquisition of a prominent medical group. On the payer's side, Tandigm was a 50/50 JV with Independence Blue Cross in Philadelphia, the largest health plan in that region, now over 275 PCPs signed up, another 75 joining within about a month. We currently are taking care of 16,000 Medicare Advantage patients; 53,000 commercial patients, about $400 million in annualized revenue being managed in that partnership. The next segment, health systems. We've got a 50/50 JV with Centura, partnering in Colorado. And there it's a very substantial number of doctors. They alone have about 340 employed physicians, a mix of PCPs and specialists as well as a broader network. That's Centura, the largest health system in the State of Colorado. And then the last segment, leading medical groups. As many of you recall, we did acquire a leading group in Colorado Springs, Colorado Springs Health Partners with 51 PCPs. So the message here is that 18 months ago, 20 months ago, we said that we're going to explore growth models in each of those 4 segments. Now 18 to 20 months later, we are doing just that with a strong entry in each one of those segments in order to explore the most capital-efficient, risk-adjusted, optimal ways of growing as the years go by. We continue to be very modest in our business development investment, although it is growing incrementally. Having said that, however, the activities are quite robust. In particular we're in discussions with several major health systems and in particular, in Southern California in some very interesting discussions with a few different health systems, and we look forward to deciding which ones to actually drive to closure and may do some very interesting things. And that's separate from health systems. We're also talking to several high-quality medical groups in a serious way. No one ever knows what's going to happen with the business pipeline, but the quality and quantity of the conversations we're having is better than ever before. Our business development capabilities, as I said, is still quite modest. And hopefully over the next year or so, that will change. Although right now we couldn't deal with any more effective business development, since we're pretty much at capacity. With respect to overall guidance, it is $1.75 billion to $1.9 billion, which is relatively flat. It's made up of Kidney Care operating income. $1.525 billion to $1.625 billion; and HCP Operating income, $225 million to $275 million. I would like to reiterate the comments I made last earnings call, and that is we face 2 serious headwinds right now for the enterprise. Medicare reimbursement on both sides of the house under a lot of pressure in different forms. And on the Kidney Care side, a tough commercial pay environment as you look out over the next few years. Not so much because of any change in negotiating dynamics or leverage, but because of architectural changes in the way the healthcare system is working. When you put all that together, as we said, the last earnings call, there is real risk that 2016 OI could be down from 2015 at the enterprise level. Now even in a scenario where OI is flat, if we just take that premise for a moment, if you look out over the next 2 years between our current cash balance and our free cash flow and then you take out maintenance CapEx, still assume very robust dialysis de novos, and we make our mandatory debt payments. So after doing those 3 things, business as usual, we will still have $2.4 billion in cash to deploy in whatever way we thought was best for you and for the long-term strategic value of the enterprise. So acquisitions, buybacks, et cetera. We very much look forward to discussing our longer-term strategic positioning and our outlook at our Capital Markets Day in New York City on May 5, in conjunction with our Q1 earnings call. More details will come out soon, and we hope to see many of you there and satisfactorily answer all your questions. Garry, our CFO, please take over.
Garry E. Menzel: Thanks, KT. Starting with Kidney Care. Non-acquired dialysis treatment growth in the quarter was 4.6% when normalized for days of the week. Kidney Care operating profitability was up $11 million sequentially, primarily as a result of 2 factors: first, the $29 million net favorable impact resulting from the revenue recognition of certain Medi-Cal payments received in prior periods; and second, an unfavorable impact from a $3-per-treatment increase in dialysis and lab segment G&A, which was caused by normal seasonal increases in G&A spending at the end of the year and intentional nonrecurring project investment in IT during the quarter. It is worth noting that despite the higher G&A spend in the quarter, G&A per treatment was down nearly 9% in 2014 compared to the year before. International losses were $16 million for the quarter and $42 million for the year, in line with prior guidance. We continue to expect international losses in 2015 to be similar to those in 2014. For the overall enterprise, our debt expense was $98 million in the fourth quarter. Our income attributable to noncontrolling interests of $42 million was approximately $5 million higher than our normalized run rate due to recognition of the Medi-Cal deferred revenue I discussed earlier. Next, the effective tax rate attributable to DaVita HealthCare Partners of 33.3% in the quarter was lower due to: one, a reduction in our tax reserves; and two, the incorporation of federal and state tax credits that were retroactively enacted by Congress in December 2014. We expect the full year tax rate for 2015 to be in the range of 39.5% to 40.5%. I would also like to provide a few reminders as you model the normal seasonality for the first quarter of 2015 in our business. In Kidney Care, first, Q1 2015 contains 3 fewer treatment days than this past quarter. So you should expect lower revenue and higher fixed costs per treatment. Second, our payroll tax cuts reset at the beginning of the year, which leads to higher costs of $1 to $1.50 per treatment. And third, Q1 will not benefit from the Medi-Cal revenue that was recognized in the fourth quarter. At HCP, operating income fluctuates from quarter-to-quarter due to the seasonal needs of patients, and Q1 operating income tends to be a bit lighter than the full year average. Also, the severity of a flu season can have a material impact on medical costs. We are seeing higher utilization right now with the flu vaccine being only 23% effective according to the CDC. However, it is still too early to know how the flu season will play out, but we estimate that it impacted our operating income by $2 million to $4 million in Q4 2014 versus the comparable period in 2013. Turning to cash flow. We continue to generate strong cash flows as operating cash flow was $199 million in the fourth quarter and $1.728 billion for 2014, excluding the after-tax impact of payments made in connection with the previously announced settlement with the government. This was within our guidance range. We expect 2015 operating cash flow to be between $1.5 billion and $1.7 billion, lower than 2014 but in line with our historical trends. As always, this guidance range captures a majority of probabilistic outcomes, but we could be above or below this range. Finally, some comments on capital deployment. We continue to have a very strong cash balance. We are in the fortunate position of having various opportunities where we could deploy our capital in each of our business lines. We are constantly reviewing our capital allocation to make sure that we sustain the long-term health of the organization and achieve appropriate after-tax cash returns on capital. We did not do any share repurchases in the fourth quarter nor have we done any to this point in 2015. We felt that it was prudent to wait until after next week's announcement about Medicare Advantage rates before making any large capital deployment decisions. As we have said before, we favor a situational approach to capital deployment, and we'll continue to review our options. And with that, operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Justin Lake with JPMorgan.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess we'll start with Medicare Advantage. Kent, you discussed the fact that OI could be down at HCP next year despite what seems like a robust Medicare Advantage membership growth environment. I'm just trying to understand, what kind of rate would it take for OI to be down next year as kind of we think about next week's rate release for HCP? And then can you give us an update on where you are with the contracting initiatives to get plans to give you some offset here on the benefit side?
Kent J. Thiry: Justin, on the rate front, I'm afraid there's not a simple answer because there's so many variables that they're playing with now. They're playing with coding intensity, they're playing with the benchmark rate, they're playing with the RAF coding, which we're particularly sensitive to because we have above-average RAF. They're playing with the Star system. And so there's 4, 5, 6 different levers that they are thinking about pulling. And of course, the economics are a result of that net number at the end. And so there's no magic sort of single line to draw and correlate it to 2016 outcomes. On the contracting front, we should have a better answer for you than we do. I know that we have picked up some significant incremental protection through the course of the year, but I can't translate it into sort of a percentage of the book of business or something like that. So why don't we just pledge Garry to have that for the next time around. I think it's been solid progress qualitatively, much better than where we were a year ago but not close to done yet. For example -- and Justin, just for example, the kind of thing, so one that we signed recently, for example, any benefit design changes we and the plan basically spit them 50/50 up or down. The cost or the benefit of doing them is shared, and so we're aligned in terms of our microeconomic incentives.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And just maybe a -- a way to follow-up on the rate side before I ask my other question is the -- I know there are a lot of moving parts, as you said, but they're all going to net out to something. So I'm not asking for a -- to be clear, I'm not asking for a -- all 6 components, Kent. I'm just thinking about a range. Are you saying like -- can you say if the ultimate outcome is you have it all together and it's minus 5%, that's what's going to drive OI -- that kind of rate would drive OI negative? Or is it minus high-single digits like you had in 2014? The 7% to 9% I think you said. Just trying to put a ballpark around when we see this rate, how should we think about it for the data?
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Very fair question to which we do not have a very fair answer. So why don't we take that under advisement. We've got Capital Markets in a couple of months. And by that time, we'll know what they've done across all those things and maybe going forward, we should always calculate that number. But I'm afraid right now spontaneously, cannot do that justice. I mean obviously our forecast is a product of a bottoms-up set of a mix of assumptions on every single one of those variables, but we don't have the magic sort of index number that you're talking about.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. My other was question was on the commercial mix. I'm just trying to get an idea, can you give us an update on where your commercial mix has trended through the year and kind of come out of 2014?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. It's with some little ups and downs. It's basically been flat for 3 years or so now, which is much better than what happened to it a couple of years before then. And we have hopes that if the economy continues to recover, that it will go up. But there's so much noise in the system now compared to before, with exchanges and narrow networks and everything else, that it's not as sort of linear a relationship as it used to be. But the answer to the narrow question you asked is it's been more or less flat for 12 quarters in a row.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And so these impacts, as we've gone in -- we're 1.5 months into the quarter now, I assume you're seeing some further changes from narrow networks and such. Is there anything that you've seen over the last 3 months, let's say, including mid-February, that would give you any increase in line of sight versus where you were when you gave the guidance in terms of mix deterioration that seem to be embedded in your guidance?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, I hear you. Good question. The short answer is no. There's been no material development. We continue to get our normal commercial rates on the exchanges, but we worry about competitors being willing to discount for exchanges, at which point, we would suffer from a reduction in our incremental growth rate. And I could go kind of down a checklist. But the answer to your question is that if you think about the 5 or 6 or 7 variables that affect mix and rate, there have been no material developments that represent any kind of discontinuity from before. Is that responsive?
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That's absolutely responsive.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just really a follow up on that question there. I think the company is well known for outlining all the risks that are out there that appear reasonable but often times, you guys highlight things that don't actually come to happen, which is great to be aware of them. But at the same time -- just trying to really get to the point here of is there something specifically that you're seeing? Have you seen -- because it really takes 2 to tango in this case of someone has to accept the lower rate, some player has to be of the view that the business model that has historically served everyone is now upside down and now it makes sense to change it. And have you actually seen that happen in at least small instances that make you think that there's a bigger risk here? Or is this just, hey, it's a risk because we're seeing hospitals do it, but we haven't really seen any indication that's happening at all yet?
Kent J. Thiry: Fair. I think the answer's a little bit in between. Have we seen any clear irrefutable evidence? No. Are there rumors of 1 or 2 of some consequence? Yes. So it's a bit of a tweener. But no, we cannot point to anything that we know of that would represent -- well, that's the answer to the question.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess that's fair because we do not know how the competitors are necessarily priced. But do you feel like you're getting a lot more pressure from the managed care side? Is that there [ph] -- you have changed dramatically and you're doing all you can to hold the line or has that not really even changed much?
Kent J. Thiry: That's always been a pretty unvarnished fistfight and that continues. If anything, to some extent, in some cases, the conversations are less adversarial because we're bringing so much of their value to the table now with reducing hospitalization, reducing mortality and everything else that we're doing on the quality side. So you'd almost push it the other way. But then when you stare at the emergence of narrow networks, the emergence of ACOs, the emergence of exchanges, you look at all that stuff going on, you get -- you have to respect the fact that the architecture of the building is different. And to presume the same sort of outcome is just not prudent. But we are absolutely sticking to our commercial rates for exchange business.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And the data you gave about Albuquerque, I think you said 2,500 members going to 11,000. What was ABQ at when you bought them?
Kent J. Thiry: 0. I mean they may have had some -- they certainly had some had Medicare fee-for-service [indiscernible].
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Well, I guess I'm just trying to think, I guess, where are we as far as them rebuilding the book of business or the revenue base? I guess you're right, it was more like fee-for-service even within the capitation. But where are you in rebuilding the revenue base that they had when you first bought them? Are we back to where they were? Or not there yet? How do you think about that?
Kent J. Thiry: Why don't we check and get back to you within 10, 15 minutes on this call, Kevin.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just to clarify something you said about the growth in the legacy markets being up 7% year-over-year. Do you characterize legacy being Southern California, Nevada and Florida? Or do you -- now that you've had New Mexico and Arizona, are they legacy now?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. Good point. Legacy is those 3 and then you sort of have Phase I of new, which were those 2 that were done right on the time of the deal that had fairly tempestuous beginnings in Phoenix and Albuquerque, and then Phase II new, which is the 3 that I referred to. So that's -- just from a terminology point of view, that's what we're talking about, and so the growth rate was in those 3. And let me go back for a second and just be clear on something, that ABQ had some MA patients but was just treating them on a fee-for-service basis. We're now treating the 11,000 on a partial-risk basis. And then at some point in the future, we'll move to full risk as soon as our payer partner is ready.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And this is my last question. Obviously, you've gone through ABQ in kind of the fix there. Can you talk a little bit about Arizona? What went wrong and where we are in the progress of fixing that?
Kent J. Thiry: All right. Say your question again, Kevin.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess -- historically talked about obviously New Mexico not going well. We've kind of covered a lot of what you've done there to fix that. I guess it sounds like Arizona has not gone as planned either. Can you just talk a little bit about what happened there and where we are in the progress of returning that to normalized profitability?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. Well, let me first just comment. In aggregate, we delivered what we said we would, I don't know, 6, 7 months ago, in that year-over-year there will be an improvement exceeding $25 million. So that's the aggregate net economic result as we committed to you. It would be -- and then specifically in Arizona, we worked out an arrangement whereby a couple unprofitable plan populations got pruned in a very significant way, reduced by about 65%, 70% of lives, which eliminated a huge amount of losses for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Ellich with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I guess Kent, starting off with the subpoenas that were announced after the close. Can you give us some more information? It kind of really sounds like this might be about something else. Do you have any color for us?
Kent J. Thiry: I can't really say anything other than our release said. It's literally all we know. So that's -- if I could read it to you, which, of course, would be terribly redundant, but we don't know anything else.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. See, last fall, I think it was November, Medicare held an ambulance open-door forum and dialysis patient transportation billing and coding was actually brought up on the call. I think there was confusion about the coding. So I'm wondering if they're trying to get information from you guys about that.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. There certainly was a lot of noise around transportation in general, and then including in the dialysis space. We've had very clear policies for our people on that front for a long time and do a very thorough job of reinforcing them all the time, and so we feel very good about that. And as you know, we don't do the transportation. We don't bill for the transportation, not our transportation. So what you're saying is all true. Nonetheless, we only know what we know and we'll have to keep you posted as things unfold.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Sure. Okay. Great. And then can you give us some updated thoughts on Medicare's continual shift to be value-based reimbursement models and how you're positioned? And kind of on top of that, we've seen you do a few deals over the last several months. You mentioned some on the call, but also the Camden Group acquired a small consulting business as well and wondering kind of what your view is in participating in the -- in Medicare's bundled payment for care improvement initiative and whether you think it has legs or not.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. We don't have any particular perspective on that program. So I won't waste your time with just saying some superficial pablum. Our Camden Group, which is for those of you who don't know, is a consulting firm, it does superb work. They have a number of clients who are participating in the program. And so we're watching and we'll continue to watch, but we're not, at this point, doing anything dramatic in that sphere.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Great. And then going back to some of Garry's comments. I think you mentioned you saw a $3 per treatment increase. I guess how much of that's recurring? And then can you just recap again the $29 million Medi-Cal prior period increase? Where did that come from? And that's all I have.
Garry E. Menzel: So onto the first question. You may have to repeat the second question for me. The first question, as I pointed out in the per-treatment increase, some of it was -- we did intentional nonrecurring IT expenditures at the end of the year, and some of it were normal seasonal increases. We're not breaking out how much of that is recurring, but I think you can assume on a G&A perspective that the run rate that we have for the average of 2014 is likely to be the run rate that we will have in 2015.
Kent J. Thiry: And on the second subject, I think you asked about the $29 million, is that right?
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Yes, yes, that's right.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. And what that is, is Medi-Cal, which is Medicaid in California, instituted significant cuts back a while ago. It became -- it was litigated and so in order to be appropriately conservative, prudent, we couldn't -- didn't want to realize that revenue. And recently, there were decisions which made it clear that the state would not claw back those dollars and hence, it was time to put them through the P&L. Is that correct, Jim?
James K. Hilger: Yes. That's correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Maybe just to pick up on the -- on that IT cost. Could you talk a little bit more maybe in detail about what it was and how you think about whether -- when the decision becomes whether or not to capitalize the cost versus running it through the income statement?
Garry E. Menzel: I don't think we're prepared at this point to highlight what the individual IT costs were, and we certainly haven't made any decisions on capitalizing versus running through the P&L. It depends, of course, on the nature of costs in terms of variable versus fixed.
James K. Hilger: Yes, that's right, Gary. We follow GAAP from a capitalization standpoint and the project spend in the fourth quarter was just more of an expense in maintenance type IT as opposed to long-lived assets. It was just necessary spend that, for the most part, was not capitalizable.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then on the revenue per treatment, you had some nice pickup. I don't recall if you said what that was from, but could you give us maybe more detail on what the growth in revenue per treatment was?
James K. Hilger: RPT, we call it RPT, revenue per treatment, that is principally -- the rise in the quarter was principally driven by the recognition of the previously discussed California Medi-Cal revenue.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. That makes perfect sense. And then maybe moving on to HCP. Kent, I think you said that at this point, the contracts are structured so that if, I guess, what happened last time, where the managed care providers didn't pass along much or any of the increases to the beneficiaries, you guys would not take a disproportionate share of that. Is that on 100% of the contracts at this point? Or that's on a portion of HCP's contracts?
Kent J. Thiry: It's just a portion and then that's where I can see that I -- that we don't, around this table right now, know what the percentage is. And it tends to not be a monolithic number either because, while some of the contracts are now pure in that you're 50% aligned up and down, even-steven; other ones have much more complicated formulas or corridors and some have no protection. And so all I can say is we moved from no protection to having a decent subset of our contracts with some or good protection, alignment's almost a better word. But there's still a bunch that we -- where we are exposed. And it isn't that we suddenly wanted to reopen every single contract we had. First of all, from a capacity point of view, we couldn't do that. Second, you have some of our payers who don't want to do that and particularly, for 1 term of an entire contract. And so it's a bit of a process. So a little bit analogous to when we were starting to move to bundling in all sorts of our old Kidney Care contracts, that it took in the end 3 to 4 years for us to move from 0% to 10% that way to 70% to 80% that way, and I think we're on the same kind of journey.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So are we maybe halfway there? Or is there any way to kind of guess where we are in that process?
Kent J. Thiry: I'm looking around and nobody is confident enough to throw out an estimate. So I think we'll just have to tell you at Capital Markets with whatever precision we think's appropriate. But right now it's not a matter of our not being willing to disclose, it's that none of us knows the number right around the table.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then you had said you incorrectly handicapped the potential changes to MA, and you mentioned a couple of the individual items. Is there any more detail you can give us? Was there one thing that was more than another? Or sort of what should we keep our eyes open for when the rates come out?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I think it's the whole package. I mean, any one of the levers can add up to significant money over time. So whether it's the acuity coding, also called the RAF scores, whether it's the benchmark rate, whether it's the coding intensity, whether it's adjusting the Star system that -- on the margin, that math gets to be pretty significant of profits pretty quickly, which is why we are very worried that 2016 could be well below 2015. And then the other point we wanted to make very clearly is that we did not handicap the dynamism around Medicare Advantage reimbursement rates correctly. And for that, I wanted to apologize and make very clear that I got it wrong.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then once the rates come out, how long will it take you guys to go through that? And when could we expect to get some visibility from you on what the impact might be?
Kent J. Thiry: They'll come out with a preliminary rule on most, if not all, of those variables on February 20, and then a final on April 10. I think -- April 6, excuse me. So in between, there'll be a lot of drama.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I guess in terms of DaVita giving us some kind of guidance or direction in terms of where the proposed rates came out, when might we hear that?
Kent J. Thiry: Oh, for that, that will be at our Capital Markets on May 5.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Borsch with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Not to beat a dead horse, but maybe just staying with the topic here. I just want to understand, is there something that maybe shifted your view on the Medicare Advantage rates for 2016 in terms of industry chatter, consultants? The reason I'm asking, I guess, because the only really piece of hard information that we got in recent months, to my knowledge, is the trend -- preliminary trend factor, which as compared to a year ago when in December of 2013, it came out with very a worrisome number. This time around, it was actually slightly positive. So I'm just wondering, is it because of where we are in the calendar that you're raising the issue now or have there been things recently that have got you particularly concerned?
Kent J. Thiry: I don't think there's any clean answer to that because obviously in staring at it, there's a million different dots to connect from the conversations we're having with people in D.C. and what other people are saying and what people like you say and all the rest. So there's no magical source of data that we have. We do have more susceptibility than others on the RAF coding front because we have an above-average RAF, because we have slightly older patients and we've had them for longer periods of time. And we're more disciplined in both collecting diagnoses as well as acting on them, which is why we have superb clinical outcomes. And so we're more sensitive on that score than others. But then there's the other 3, 4, 5 variables. And right now, our concern is that the administration may not realize how close they are to actually reducing the incentive for people to invest in Medicare Advantage, which has been the source of tremendous innovation, cost reduction and clinical improvements. In a lot of markets, it's estimated now that once you get MA penetration up into that 35%, 40% range, the ripple effect into affecting fee-for-service expenses is quite substantial. There's a guy speaking in D.C. today who's well respected, he talked about as much as a 9% spillover effect. And so we worry that they -- some of them may be trying to, if not kill the goose that's laying the golden eggs, cut off a leg.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And as you look at the -- I mean, you talked to this and you've made some progress on renegotiating some contracts. But do you think that there is some fundamental unfairness in the way that the rate pain comes down between the plans and what you're facing as a delegated provider group? And is that something that might actually make you think differently about being delegated versus going on your own with your own MA plan?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, it's a very colorful question. I am sure that at some point in some markets, we will be a plan. And this is no different than what I said before. We prefer to work in alignment with existing plans and feel that's the best way to more quickly get to a good place for everyone, including the patient and the physician networks. But I predict with a high level of certainty that at some point, in some markets, we will be -- we'll be a plan. Did I answer enough of that or was there...
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, you did absolutely. And I just -- sorry, just one more follow-up, sticking with this theme, which is, where are your end markets? And there are -- this is happening in markets that you're not in, but major hospital systems that are forming their own plans. How are you working around that? Are you willing to subcontract with those plans versus that maybe shifting the landscape for you? I realize that's a very open question. So whatever color you can give on that would be great.
Kent J. Thiry: No, no. Your intuition is exactly right. I would think as the years unfold, we're going to have some health systems as our partners. And whether it's their plan and we're a subcontractor or it's our plan and they're a subcontractor or it's both our plans and we're fully partnered, that's going to happen. And for a lot of the health systems that are starting to put a plan on the shelf, we're one of the phone numbers they call. Because once you do that, you really get pretty intense about actually managing the population. And so you're absolutely right. And that's why 18 months ago, we said one of the sort of R&D segments we're going to play with from the perspective of developing growth models was the health system segment, and that's why we're working with Centura. It's why we're talking to 1 or 2 others already right now. And we may very well, in some of those cases, be doing a plan with them or a subcontractor to their plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Dana Syrune Nentin - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Dana Nentin in for Darren. As it relates to your outlook, I was wondering if you could confirm what, I guess, if at all, you're assuming on P&L investments as it relates to the HCP business as well as your international or ancillary businesses.
Kent J. Thiry: On international, I believe our guidance is that 2015 will be about flat to 2014. What you have going on underneath that calm exterior is some nice profitability improvements in some countries offset by the increased expenses as we ramp up in Saudi Arabia, where we won that huge government contract for 5,000 patients. So that's the mathematical answer to that. As to the dollars we're investing in new capabilities in HCP, I do not know the number offhand. It is not a small number because we think the potential for creating long-term competitive advantage is quite substantial. Of course, there's an element of subjectivity. If you add someone in cybersecurity, does that count as new capability that's strategic or is it just a new recurring normal operating expense or is it something in between? So I don't -- for Capital Markets perhaps, we can put something on the table that will give you a sense of what is incremental expenses that are very much tied to creating new capabilities for the future as opposed to just supporting existing. And by the way, if I can just break in, Dana, that someone asked a while ago about ABQ revenues. And they're back to approximately 80% of their peak, which is a significant improvement from 2 years ago at the low. But back to you, Dana.
Dana Syrune Nentin - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then I guess just as it relates to a couple of your business segments. On the DaVita Rx business, can you update us on, I guess, the revenue in that business? Or maybe if you could size it in any way, like patients served?
Kent J. Thiry: We, Dana, up to this point, have not disclosed Rx revenue. And so I will not make a spontaneous decision to change that policy, but we'll take it under consideration before Capital Markets. It has grown, we will say that. It's not -- it's a material amount of revenue. And what was the related question?
Dana Syrune Nentin - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: If you could size it in terms of maybe patients served?
Kent J. Thiry: Let me see if I can get permission to share that. Let me put it on mute for 1 second. We're going to -- it's approximately 65,000 patients, and people are going to check and see how out of date I am or how far off I am, but that gives you a ballpark sense.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Taylor with Citi.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I just had a couple of questions. The first, just going back to kind of the conversation on commercial reimbursement. Now that EPO is bundled on the government side and I think largely bundled on the commercial side, the government is giving you 0 on rate. This modest -- is it fair to say that this modest growth in revenue per treatment is purely being driven by 1/3 of your revenue or so that's commercial revenue?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And so that seems to imply maybe your commercial rate growth is in the 2% range. Is that -- what did that look like a few years ago? Has that changed?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I can't -- Garry is too new to know the past, and I am not going to be able to confidently say what year-over-year increases were 3 or 4 years ago. If I had to guess, I would say on a net basis, probably higher than that by a bit. That would be my -- the odds of that statement is directionality true, probably 80%.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: All right. I know that drug reimbursement was a driver on overall commercial revenue per treatment historically, so you have to parse that out. Is the -- this comment though about the narrow network, is that creating some pressure on your out-of-network revenue? Is that an element of the discussion at all?
Kent J. Thiry: Could you please repeat the question?
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. Kind of your general comment on commercial rate pressure driven by some structural changes in the industry, and I think you mentioned narrow networks. And I just wondered, is there -- DaVita still have a material portion of out-of-network revenue. And if so, is that something that's being pressured by the narrow networks?
Kent J. Thiry: Certainly, out-of-network business is always under pressure. I don't think we've ever disclosed our precise percentage. It is, in general, much lower today than it was before. And so I will probably leave it at that.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. Just 2 other quick ones. On the $33 million HCP operating income, I think historically -- I'm not sure if you did this last quarter. It seems I remember maybe the 2Q, but you had talked about what the new market losses were. Is there an update for that number that's embedded in the $33 million?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, I think we're trying to move away from some of that parsing. We did it because, at the time, it was necessary for you to have a fair picture of what was going on. And therefore, we did it. At this point, we think you've got a fair picture without us going into that kind of detail, which, a, can be misleading; and b, sometimes is counter to your interest in terms of how it affects those market dynamics.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Fair enough. Last question. I just want to confirm the $11 million foreign currency headwind is only in other comprehensive income and doesn't impact the reported EPS or the reported operating income or the international operating income loss. Is that correct?
Jim Gustafson: Yes. There is some that ran through other income, which is the same line that interest income is in. And that was about $5 million for the year and about $2.5 million for the quarter of a headwind due to the strengthening dollar. The rest that you see runs through OCI.
Operator: And our next question comes from Trevor Walton [ph] with Advocate Health Care [ph].
Unknown Attendee: Can you guys provide an update on the hemodiafiltration trial that was supposed to end in the fall?
Jim Gustafson: Yes. We -- the hemodiafiltration trial is no longer going on. We stopped that, so we're not doing that anymore.
Unknown Attendee: Does that mean results are not favorable? And you don't see use of the product in the future?
Jim Gustafson: We did not see it promising and so, at this point, we decided to stop the trial. No details behind exactly why.
Operator: And our next question comes from Lisa Clive with Bernstein.
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: A follow-up question on your ancillary services business. It sounds like from a prior question that much of the growth in recent years has come from DaVita Rx, which is performing quite nicely. Could you also give us an update potentially on the number of patients you have on an integrated care platform today? And really how you see that shaping up in the next few years?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. We don't break that out, and it's not to be difficult. But it really gets difficult to categorize, because you can have a pretty tiny pay-for-performance bonus and then define that as sort of a value-added managed care-type contract all the way to being globally capitated. And so I think from a strategic point of view, the number continues to grow and the sort of weighted average depth and robustness continues to grow. But not in a way that would affect your modeling one way or another, which is why we don't think there'll be any particular utility in us sort of arbitrarily defining what counts and what doesn't. So it's very nice progress. It helps with relationships. It's consistent with our mission. Someday, we hope that we can monetize our capability in a way that makes it worth talking about with you. But right now it's just not.
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. An update to that. Could you give us an update on anything that is potentially going on with the ESCO program? Or is that just completely on ice right now?
Kent J. Thiry: I think -- I'm going to say words that one should never say. I think it's going to go into effect soon and that's just because I was in D.C. recently. And so I think it's going to go in soon. We are participating out of a sense of citizenship. It's not at scalable program as currently defined. However, we totally applaud CMS for doing all the work to get it where it is, and in particular Dr. Conway and others. And hopefully, we can use this as a platform to take that next step to a scalable program, which will really transform kidney care in America, dramatically improve quality, save a bunch of money, be good for shareholders, be great for families, keep people at work. So we're getting -- we're inching towards the promised land.
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. That sounds very intriguing. Just one follow-up question. It's looked like from the initial proposals that an entity of your size can maybe end up something in the ballpark of 6,000, 7,000 patients. Is that the right way of thinking about it?
Kent J. Thiry: It's been so long since we submitted the details, to be honest, I don't remember. Those numbers could be about right. Remember, CMS gets to pick which proposals for which markets, and it's sometimes difficult to forecast then even within one of those selections exactly what the enrollment's going to be. But that maybe -- it's certainly not that we're going to have 20,000 patients and it's not that we're going to have 1,000. I mean we could have 0 if they don't award anything to us. So we'd be surprised and disappointed at that. So it's not 25 and it's not 1,000, but beyond that, I don't really remember. I think where CMS was is that, in total, they wanted to have about 15,000 patients in the pilot. Now they may have gotten more aggressive on that, but that used to be the number. And if you assume that if we're 35% of the patients in America, we'd be 35% of the ESCO patients, that would put us right about exactly where you were estimating.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schaper with William Blair.
Margaret Kaczor - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: It's actually Margaret Kaczor in for Scott. Kent, you had mentioned at the beginning of the call that you guys were really going to invest into 4 main areas for HCP: the ICPs, the JVs, et cetera. Which of those to date and going forward do you think will have the best ROI? Which one will have kind of fastest growth in MA patients? And if you were a betting man, which you're probably not, which of the 4 horses would you want to really grow the most on a 5- or 10-year basis?
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Well, I'll first give a qualitative answer. They will all develop slower than you would like. But then separate from that, if we compare the medical group segment to the health system segment to the payer segment to the IPA segment, the one that we're, by virtue of our DNA, most compatible with and attracted to is the medical group segment. I mean we're a physician caregiver organization and so medical groups are like finding cousins or long-lost brothers or sisters for us as opposed to the other categories. And so I think that's the one that we're sort of philosophically drawn to. But as to which one will end up being the best vehicle for good risk-adjusted return on equity, it's just too soon to tell. If you forced me to bet right now, even though I'm not a betting man, I would go medical groups.
Margaret Kaczor - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then just one more for me. Anything that you guys are seeing due to some of the weather the East Coast is getting? Are you seeing people maybe miss some of the dialysis appointments, anything on HCP?
Kent J. Thiry: On the weather, in general, our teammates do amazing things to help their patients get dialyzed. And I mean amazing in terms of picking them up, in terms of clearing out parking lots when there's no public services to do it, working early, working late, helping babysit for each other's kids so somebody can stay late. I mean it is inspiring to see what our people do. As a result, almost always, almost everyone gets their treatments. Does anybody around the table know anything different this time?
Jim Gustafson: I think no. And we do all always see a few -- a higher number of mistreatments every winter. And it just depends on where the storms are and stuff, but there is a little seasonal impact every winter.
Kent J. Thiry: We just had -- there were floods in Malaysia. And so we had people that were sleeping and sitting on their roofs because the water filled their houses, and our teammates continued to travel by boat to a stranded dialysis center to dialyze, with at least one caregiver being apart from their family for 7 days straight to make sure that patients got to the center then back in a boat, back to their home. So it gives you some sense of what they do.
Operator: And at this time, I show no further questions.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Well, thank you, all, very much for your consideration. We will do the best we can and look forward to seeing many of you at Capital Markets.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - Vice President of Investor Relations Kent J. Thiry - Co-Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer of Healthcare Partners Garry E. Menzel - Chief Financial Officer James K. Hilger - Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Joanna Gajuk - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Darren Perkin Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Vijay Malik Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Kim, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita HealthCare Partners Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Gustafson, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, Kim, and welcome, everyone, to our third quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. And with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Garry Menzel, our CFO; Jim Hilger, our Chief Accounting Officer; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. I'd like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statements. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings included in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I'll now turn over the call to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry: Thank you, Jim, and greetings to all. Thank you for your consideration of our company. In Q3, we had solid results in Kidney Care, in HealthCare Partners and overall. Kidney Care OI being $408 million, adjusted for nonrecurring items, and HealthCare Partners being $47 million. As always, we'll talk about clinical outcomes first, because we are, first and foremost, a caregiving entity. On the Kidney Care side in America, we take care of 35% of all the dialysis patients. 98% of our patients achieved a Kt/V of 1.2 or better and 73% of patients have a fistula in place. Turning to HealthCare Partners and our 836,000 human beings for whom we provide integrated care. I'd like to talk a little bit about 2013 HEDIS clinical metrics, which most of you are familiar with. There are 12 clinical measures in HEDIS, all of which feed into the Star rating system. And I'm looking at a page right now that has those 12 rows and it has 3 columns, one for each of our legacy markets. So a total of 36 cells. 24 of those 36 are 5-star rankings, 7 of them are 4. And then there's only 5 left that are 3, with none below. There are very few providers of any scale in the entire MA program that would have anywhere close to a rating system like that, and we're proud of it. It's good for patients and it's good for our payer partners. The clinical outcomes for both Kidney Care and HealthCare Partners compare very favorable -- very favorably, excuse me, to national averages. We have healthier patients. We have higher patient satisfaction. And both of those things, besides being good in and of themselves, saves money for taxpayers and employers. Now a little elaboration on HCP's operating performance, which was solid. You'll note that the guidance assumes lower margins in the fourth quarter. This is a normal trend because of the fact that sicker patients with higher risk scores expire as the year proceeds. Younger, healthier patients age into MA, and there's typically some uptick in medical utilization as we enter the winter months. On the HealthCare Partners business development. We've increased the level of activity modestly. And it's a lot of high-quality conversations that have been started. We still have a long way to go in terms of capabilities, and the sales cycle itself is long. But the way we think about it is pretty much divided in 2 categories: mainstream and new models partnership. On the mainstream front, as most of you know, we recently announced an exciting acquisition of Colorado Springs Health Partners, the leading group in Colorado Springs, Colorado. And we look forward to growing with them, not only leading them into a world of coordinated care, but also growing on the fee-for-service side. And then, separately, we've got a number of creative and exciting hospital partnerships at the very serious stage, one of which was announced today. A 50/50 joint venture with the Centura Health system here in Colorado. It's a leading health system in the state. These 2 different Colorado deals are entirely separate. We are the 100% owner of the Colorado Springs health care partner group, but we look forward to having our group work with the joint venture with Centura and, moving forward, pursuing and managing global contracts. We'd also like to initiate 2015 guidance. The enterprise guidance is $1.75 billion to $1.9 billion. In other words, relatively flat to the current reality. Underneath that, the Kidney Care operating income, $1.525 billion to $1.625 billion. This reflects the sad fact that it'll be the second year in a row with no Medicare increase, and we'll face normal cost increases. Things are getting more intense because of stuff like this. We expect to have 15 center closures by the end of the year. That's more than any other year I can remember. And we are still carrying 200 unprofitable centers after that point, and that's excluding any new de novos. It's also a tougher commercial pay environment. The growth in more restrictive narrow-network plans means that we may very well lose some market share on the commercial side, as we will be unwilling to accept lower commercial rates. We need, unfortunately, high commercial rates to subsidize the losses that we incur in the 90% of our patients that are government. Moving on to HealthCare Partners and guidance of $225 million to $275 million. This also reflects relatively flat MA reimbursement in the face of normal cost increases. And on top of that, we are investing in infrastructure and capability improvements. And finally, we will, once again, always have some losses in new markets, or at least hopefully always, as we hope to enter some new markets each year. And in many cases, the most capital efficient way to do that is with low-capital models that therefore have losses, operating losses, in their early years. Moving on to 2016. We'd like to go beyond providing 2015 guidance in this case, because we have 2 serious headwinds that are potentially quite material. The first of those and the biggest is Medicare reimbursement on both sides of the house. And then, secondarily, the tough commercial pay environment, that I already cited on the Kidney Care side, is not going to go away in 2015. And so, that -- or those 2, combined with the earnings headwinds that will come from the new markets we hope to enter, means that while it's too early to provide any specific guidance for 2016, the factors I just mentioned lead us to need to communicate to you that there is a real risk that 2016 operating income could be lower than 2015. I'd like to segue into a quick editorial on Medicare Advantage, in particular, and just the incredible importance of CMS needing to get those rates correct. America needs the sickest patients to join Medicare Advantage and those likely to become the sickest, because those are the patients where we add the most clinical value for the patient and economic value for the country. And we are at risk of moving into a danger zone, where the economics of making the right investments in those 2 sets of patients become unsustainable. If I step back from 2015 and '16 for a moment and just quickly look at the strategic position of our primary businesses. U.S. Kidney Care is well positioned, as we've talked about in the past. We have strong clinical outcomes and that increasingly matters. We're growing faster than the market. It's a life-saving therapy. And our ability to manage total patient costs, not just dialysis costs, is increasingly differentiated. However, we do live in the uncomfortable world where we rely on higher private pay rates to subsidize the government. On the HealthCare Partners front, despite a rocky first 18 months, the fundamental value proposition remains intact. Integrated care and population health management are what we do well, and that's what lots of people want to move to. We have a solid foundation in our legacy markets. And I'd like to talk about what I'm focused on in the near term, since I've now been quite engaged for 4 or 5 months. Not in order of importance, but number one, adding to the team; number two, adding to the capabilities; number three, fix the problem spots; number four, explore new partnership models, a couple of which I've already talked about; and number five is pursue selective growth. All of this is, in the context for HealthCare Partners, good news, which is that everyone expects MA growth to continue because it is a superior way of taking care of people and taking care of America's economics. On the international front, I'll just say we're continuing to make solid progress. Of course, there is risk in that venture, but the potential is huge as health care service is a growth industry across the globe. Now Garry Menzel, our CFO, will cover some more stuff.
Garry E. Menzel: Thank you, KT. Starting with Kidney Care. Non-acquired dialysis treatment growth in the quarter was 4.9% when normalized for days of the week. Profitability was up $6 million sequentially. Our international losses were $13 million for the quarter and we now expect those losses for 2014 to be slightly above $40 million. For the overall enterprise, our debt expense was $100 million in the third quarter. This is a good run rate for debt expense going forward. Our income attributable to noncontrolling interest was $36 million in the third quarter, which is also a good run rate going forward. Next, the effective tax rate attributable to DaVita HealthCare Partners was 38.7% in the quarter, and we now expect the full year rate for 2014 to be in the range of 39.5% to 40%. Turning to cash flow. We continue to generate strong cash flows, as operating cash flow was $848 million in the third quarter and $1.88 billion over the last 12 months. This was unusually high due to: one, the timing of cash tax payments; and two, the timing of various working capital items, in particular a reduction in accounts receivable DSO, which we do not expect to repeat next year. We now expect operating cash flow to be between $1.7 billion and $1.8 billion in 2014, excluding any payments associated with the settlement with the government. We expect 2015 operating cash flow to be between $1.5 billion and $1.7 billion, lower than 2014, but in line with our historical trends. The reason for this year-on-year decline is that 2015 will not benefit from the 2 factors that helped 2014: number one, the cash tax benefit related to our refinancing; and again, number two, the timing of various working capital items, in particular the reduction in accounts receivable DSO. As always, this guidance range captures the majority of probabilistic outcomes, but we could be above or below this range. Finally, some comments on capital deployment. Even after making the $400 million government payment last week, we have a very strong cash balance today. We are in the fortunate position of having various opportunities, where we may be able to deploy our capital in each of our business lines. We are constantly reviewing our capital allocation to make sure that we sustain the long-term health of the organization and achieve appropriate aftertax cash returns on capital. To put our historical practices in context, in the 5-year period prior to the HealthCare Partners transaction, we allocated 40% of our capital to acquisitions, 23% to internal development, 26% to share repurchases and 11% to debt repayments. We favor a situational approach to capital deployment and will continue to review our options. And with that, operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q and A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brian Zimmerman with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess my first question is around 2015 guidance. And just hoping to get a bit more color on what sort of assumptions you're making in heading into next year. And just especially, if you look at that dialysis side, guiding down year-over-year. Just curious to get a bit more insight into what's behind that number.
Kent J. Thiry: I don't know that we have much to add because it really is driven by the stuff we mentioned, the absence of a Medicare increase for the second consecutive year. We did an awful lot of expense squeezing in the face of the first flat year and can't do that again with the same kind of return, and then just what's happening on the commercial pay side and some of that dynamics there. Those are the big issues. Those are the drivers. It's not a lot more complicated than that.
Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And can you remind us what percentage of your commercial volumes are -- what percentage is commercial volumes on the dialysis side?
Kent J. Thiry: About 10%.
Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: About 10%. And then you mentioned some on the issues on the HCP side. And since taking over leadership, you've identified some areas you want to address. Could you give us a bit more on just sort of what you mean by fixing problem spots and pursuing selected growth?
Kent J. Thiry: Sure. In the case of fixing problem spots, I'm referring to the 2 deals that were done right after the close by some of the prior executives that didn't work out well. And we've, in fact, made strong progress in the last 5 months on each of those. And we referred to that in our last call, where we said we're going to be -- we're still confident that we're highly likely to be more than $25 million better in '15 versus '14. I should say, $25 million more or better, but $25 million is probably the best number to remember. So that's the fixing problem spots I was referring to and that's going quite well. On the selective growth, I think the 2 best examples to make that more tangible are the deals that we've talked about this week, which is, one, the purchase of a leading physician group in a substantial American metro area. And second, a health system joint venture, where we still have to sort through all the terms of the definitive but we're -- both sides are very committed to driving it to closure and moving forward. So those are 2 examples of selective growth. Am I answering the right question?
Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. I'm just curious to get a bit more detail behind that -- those initiatives.
Operator: And our next question comes from Justin Lake with JPMorgan.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Wanted to follow up on the question on dialysis and maybe come at it from just a different angle in terms of 2015 outlook. Kent, over the last few years, your actual dialysis results have been significantly better than what you've guided to initially. I'm just curious if you could look back at the actual versus expectations, and give us any color around what those upside drivers were, if there's any consistency there.
Kent J. Thiry: A fair question. I don't know that I can spontaneously do a good job of going back 2 or 3 years, but let's play with it for a moment and see if we can add some value. I know in these past 12 months, the concerns we had about exchanges turned out to be much greater than the reality. And so that was one very big dynamic and one very big variance. I'm trying to go back to the prior year and I'm just not sure on that one, Justin.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So in the -- I guess you're saying that -- and I think payer mix and just private pay, whether it's mix issues or reimbursement pressure in general, seems to have been -- in addition to whatever rate pressure you're facing on Medicare, has been something that the company has faced and obviously done a good job over time. And we'll see if you -- we'll see how we go for 2015. I guess my question is, when you look at those, if we just direct it at the commercial pay side, that's been an area of potential pressure and ended up being better than expected or less significant than expected, if we're going to use those words. Then, is there any reason for us to believe -- is there a higher level of conviction that this time it's going to be different versus the last 2 or 3 years, where it's been less meaningful than you thought? Or do you feel like this is just the typical level of prudent posture going into a new year?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, very fair question. Maybe let me use an analogy. If you win the first 2 games of the World Series and you're about to start game 3 and you're up against a superb team that made it all the way to World Series, you don't look at the rearview mirror and say, "Well, we won the first 2 and therefore it's 80% probable we're going to win game 3." You say, "Against a tough competitor, you win some, you lose some, but you don't win them all." And I think we have to look at our never-ending battle, if you want to call it that, with private payers to say that, "Yes, we've been able to hold the line," in part because our entire industry needs to subsidize the government, and so it's a common plight. But whatever the reason, we've had a couple of good years. We just think it would be inappropriate to, therefore, by -- based on that rearview mirror, pretty view, get overly confident about next year. Separate from that metaphor, which I think is important, but beyond that, it is also just a case that there's a lot going on in the commercial sector and many of you are more facile in discussing it than me. But it's -- and players are getting more and more creative with what they're doing on benefit design. They're getting much more open to doing different things, with exchanges and narrow networks just being one example. And so when 10% of your patients drive, whatever, 115% of your profitability, I'm not going to get the exact number right, but the subsidization of the Medicare program is substantial from the private sector, that you've got to pay a lot of attention, because relatively small changes can wreak a lot of havoc in your year-over-year momentum. And so I would posit and we would posit that the world is different in '15 versus what it was in '14. And if you had to say, does it lean different harder or easier? You would lean harder. And in particular, for us, because the way it could show up is that not we lose rate, it's that we lose share to other people who are willing to cut rates. And that's something that we can't control.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Garry, maybe could you give us a little bit more color on the reduction in the DSOs? Is that just a timing thing? Or was there one specific payer or something that's going on?
Garry E. Menzel: It isn't one specific thing, Gary. It's just a trend that we've had over the last 18 months or so, but it's not something that we expect to continue.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Is it around a specific item or a specific dynamic? Or is it just a whole bunch of different things?
James K. Hilger: Gary, this is Jim Hilger. It is a number of different things. It's improved collection processes and results. We've also had high write-offs. You can see our Medicare bad debt expense percentage was increased in the quarter. But we feel very good about the quality of our AR. But in aggregate, all of these things are driving our DSO down.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Wouldn't collection -- more proficiency with collections, wouldn't that carry forward, though?
James K. Hilger: Yes. But the structural impediments to improving DSO from 50 days are quite large when you look at the fact that our biggest payer, Medicare, pays us about 22 days after the end of the month. So when you factor that into the math, it's going to be very hard to significantly lower DSO from here. But it doesn't mean that we can't try, but it will be hard to do big strides.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Got it. That's helpful. And then, Kent, the other large national dialysis provider said they'd begin doing tests with Mircera in the U.S. this quarter. Do you guys have any plans to do that?
Kent J. Thiry: Not right now, but we're very open-minded on the topic.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then assuming that, that drug is available in the U.S. at some point in 2015, have you baked that into the guidance at all?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I'd say that we bake everything into our guidance. And trying to predict -- and especially the history in this arena, trying to predict when something, in fact, is going to be introduced and how it's going to be introduced and how it will be priced and how penetration will evolve is really hard. So I don't think we presumed anything particularly bullish or world-changing in that regard. However, we do think the fact that competition is highly likely in the near and intermediate term is a good thing for everybody.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess even as you go into 2016, the potential for perhaps 3 competitors on the market for the drug, have you taken that into account when you're thinking about 2016?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. We've taken it into account. But, again, while we're not sharing our different probabilistic scenarios and the math associated with the each, because obviously there's a range of outcomes and all the variables I cited before, that we are hopeful for a meaningful change. But within the time frame of 1 year, or 15, 18 months, we're not presuming that life is fundamentally altered in a dramatic way.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I mean, maybe just to go down that route a little bit more. I mean, if in 2016, there were 3 drugs available and you -- isn't it conceivable you could see a 20% decrease to price on costs that's over $1 billion for you?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, we do think that new entrants are going to have to offer lower prices to get penetration, just period. There's no 2 ways around it, and it's going to have to be significant. We also think strategically that Amgen is going to want to stay competitive, as they have in other countries around the world in similar situations. And so that all, directionally, is very good news. And at the same time, we just want to remind people that if the entire community realizes certain benefits from cost reduction that, ultimately, that will appropriately be reflected in Medicare reimbursement. Now since we're at a deficit, we still should come out ahead, because part of what Medicare hopefully will do is start to reduce the deficit. But the notion that they would let anything along the lines of what you mentioned just flow through permanently, I think that's unlikely.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe could we get an update on the Tandigm partnership and how that's doing?
Kent J. Thiry: It's doing fine, but it's so early that it doesn't mean so much. We've got a wonderful response from the physicians in the community. We're in high-quality conversations with a bunch of the hospitals. IBC and us and Tandigm are working very well together, but it's a little bit like the preseason. The real tackling doesn't start until January 1, so we don't want to get too excited about winning some of the preseason games.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Joanna Gajuk - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is actually Joanna Gajuk, filling in for Kevin today. Just question -- follow-up on the comment around 2015 guidance again. I guess, just specifically the comments around the loss from, I guess, new deals. So are you including additional transactions on top of what you just recently did? And I guess in relation to that, can you comment on your comments from prior calls around trying to enter 2, 3 new markets next year and more after that? So is that what you sort of bake into your outlook when you talk about '15 and then, I guess, '16 as well?
Kent J. Thiry: We would be disappointed if we didn't do, on the HealthCare Partners side, 2 good new deals next year. And by saying new, that probably means in new markets as opposed to an additional one, an existing market. Anything done on those places will probably be less material. And then we're presuming that one or both of them could be of a similar structure to the ones we're doing now, where we are launching a substantial population health management initiative. And therefore, in the beginning, you've got operating losses, just like when we build a de novo on the dialysis side. So that's how we think those 2016 losses will emerge.
Joanna Gajuk - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then on, again, on HCP. I guess on the quarter that you just reported, the G&A costs of I guess $86 million versus $77 million in Q2, and I guess as a percentage of revenues also increased. So any comment on that?
Garry E. Menzel: Yes, it's Garry. First of all, on the margin, you have to remember it varies by quarter because of a number of different factors: seasonality, there are nonrecurring items in there, there are government true-ups. And so I will point out, though, that across the year, we have maintained consistent cost trends.
Operator: And our next question comes from Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Darren Perkin Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I did want to just come back to part of what you were asked before about the investment that you're making in some of these activities. And I guess I was just hoping if you could bucket them a little bit better for us for 2015, just so we can maybe isolate some of the underlying trends in both segments. So just taking them apart. In international, can you give us some flavor for how you're thinking about the investment there? And duals, I know that that's something that you'll be ramping up your lives in California, I think. So is that an investment? Is that a positive? And then to the extent that JVs in other new markets that you've just announced here with HCP require investment, what does that look like?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. Fair question, Darren. And maybe we'll lay out more math next time. I don't think I'm well prepared to do that right now. But I would say international in '15 will be comparable to '14, with the ramp-up in Saudi and the rest of our growth, so that'll be comparable. And then, duals, I wish we could tell you exactly what that number is going to be, but we've got to watch that population very carefully, and we'll keep you posted. But right now, it wouldn't be right to speculate. And then, on the joint venture side, given they're so young, it's really hard for us to go very far in a satisfactory way because there's so many variables, and we just don't know. We can feel good about where it's going to be 2 years from now, 3 years from now, 4 years from now. But the notion that we can predict operating losses in months 1 through 15, that would be -- while we have our pro formas that we're managing against, there's a pretty significant range of possible outcomes.
Darren Perkin Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So well, I guess, the follow-up then is just when we think about maybe how you've communicated around Tandigm, and I think there have been some numbers floating around. But the sizing of that, so 50,000-or-so lives, in that type of JV versus what we're reading about today, Centura, 1.2 million lives over time. Obviously, a very different type of situation. But just trying to understand a little bit more about how some of the investments flows might be related to these different types of JVs so we can at least just frame that in the model from a new market perspective.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. I think we have to get better at working with you on that, Darren, you and your peers. And I will not make any great progress in that area on this call today. And then, on the Centura, we cherish our partner's optimism, and they have far more experience in this market than we do. Nonetheless, our pro forma does not have 1.2 million lives in year 5, and so we would hate to have you bake that in. But we sure as heck hope they're smarter than we are.
Darren Perkin Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: All right, last thing for me. Just you brought up 2016, you're obviously cautioning us. I guess what is it about 2016? If you could, maybe, list 1 or 2 things that keep you up the most and that we ought to be rethinking about in our models?
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. I'll be redundant and then we can go back and forth and see if we add some incremental value. Game 1 is just Medicare on both sides of the house. What are they going to do with rates? And in some cases, what are they going to do with certain architectural rules and regs that equate to significant math? But it's Medicare and it's rates. And then, second is this commercial side, just given how darn leveraged it is. And when there's so many things going on in that space, it's just a little nerve-wracking for us, particularly when it could come down to us, as I mentioned before, losing share out of our control because we can't run around offering discounts.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vijay Malik with Everest.
Vijay Malik: I just wanted to circle back on capital allocation, which you discussed earlier. Specifically, you mentioned, prior to the HCP acquisition, 26% of your free cash flow was used for repurchases. About 6 months ago on the call, I highlighted, at the end of the year, you might have $2 billion of cash in the balance sheet. And the question of capital allocation, what to do with that cash is becoming increasingly important every quarter. Could you talk a little bit about how you evaluate share repurchases? Obvious, relative to other opportunities you see out there, but it's hard to believe that a company trading x cash at 10x free cash flow might not be -- your best investment opportunity is just repurchasing stock.
Garry E. Menzel: So thank you. It's Garry. First of all, I do want to point out, we won't have $2 billion in cash at the end of the year. So I'll highlight that. Secondly, I think it's important as you listen to the call that whenever you enter into a period of uncertainty, which we are flagging today, that you do owe it to the shareholders to ensure that you maintain a strong cash reserve to go through that period of uncertainty. So that's certainly informing our thinking. And then, beyond that, we look at all of the opportunities that we have in front of us, both for internal development, both for acquisition growth, and then as you point out, share repurchases or debt paydowns. And we take a very situational approach with each one of those to determine what is the appropriate option for us to follow. I don't think we can disclose much beyond that, other than to let you know that this is something that we do, month-by-month, intensely study.
Kent J. Thiry: And the only thing I'll add to that is when we talk about times of uncertainty, mean logically that you should hold more cash -- very simplistic, obviously -- that's not just for defensive reasons. It's also in times of uncertainty that there's a way-above-average probability of offensive opportunities popping up. And so we're equally defense- and offensive-minded as we stare at that decision.
Vijay Malik: Understandable. When I see the cash on the balance sheet and I don't see share repurchases, it makes me excited about the opportunities you must be evaluating. I, obviously, think very highly of the management team. And frankly, I think it's an asset that Wall Street might be missing.
Kent J. Thiry: We hope you are right, and we will do our best to make you right. Please don't put anything in your model.
Vijay Malik: There's no model. It's in my head.
Operator: Your next question comes from -- I'm sorry, the next question comes from Gary Taylor with Citi.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: A couple of questions. One, I just want to go back to EPO unit cost for a minute. Everyone knows you have the exclusive contract with Amgen through 2017. It seems obvious there's no EPO unit price reduction in the Kidney operating income guidance that it could be flat 2 years in a row. So I guess to get to it, what is the scenario that you can benefit from EPO unit price declines before the Amgen contract expires?
Kent J. Thiry: There's some elements of the contract that we're not allowed to disclose. What is publicly known is that we have the right to buy 10% elsewhere, and what is known in the sense of sort of common sense and business wisdom is that they are going to want to remain competitive. And in a contract, in either direction, if one party takes excessive advantage of a short-term provision, that typically has really fundamental implications for the long-term relationship. And so the contract has certain things that we like and certain things that they like and separate from that, we have a long-standing business relationship. And in general, it's our expectation that they'll remain competitive. Do you want to -- I don't know that I can shed any more light on it than that. Do you want to come back at it, again?
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: No. I won't. I mean, it sounds like you to hope to renegotiate, by I won't put words in your mouth. And I don't know if you want to respond to that or not, probably not.
Kent J. Thiry: No. Thank you.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: If not, I will -- my next question, just going into the commercial rates. A couple of questions. So it's November 6, today, when do you -- when are 2015 commercial rates finalized? Don't you have pretty significant visibility as we stand today?
Kent J. Thiry: No. The way it works is we're negotiating contracts all year long, every week, every month, every year. And lots of times, a contract expires and people just extend it because the negotiations go on another month to 12 months. A lot of times, there's notice provisions and so they automatically renew for a certain period of time, but it's not another year. We have agreements that end every month of the year, even if they're 1-year contracts. So the practical reality is that we are negotiating with payers all the time. And often, it goes months past the technical expiration of the prior contract and we just -- everything is just held in the steady-state while the to-ing and fro-ing is going on. So there's never really a time when you say, "Okay, we've now sort of nailed down what's happening next year." I bet it's only a tiny fraction of our contracts that even have a January 1 effective date or renewal date.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And my one follow-on on that will just be, it sounds like you're suggesting competitors willing to discount rates. I guess kind of our view of the construct of the industry is that you might have 1/3 national market share, but your local market shares are actually often significantly higher than that and, generally, the industry operates at pretty high capacity utilization. So the opportunity for discounters to move share would suggest perhaps there's some significant capacity adds in the industry, although maybe that just means being open on Saturday and Sunday. But are you suggesting that you're seeing capacity adds and that's going to create this opportunity for competitors to provide the service at a lower rate? Or is there something else?
Kent J. Thiry: The short answer to the question you asked is no. We're not positing any immense capacity adds. Having said that, incremental capacity is quite straightforward to add because you add a third shift or you add a Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday to your Monday, Wednesday, Friday. But more often, it's adding a shift or, in some cases, adding another station or 2 to an existing shift. So there's a lot of capacity that can be added quickly at relatively low cost. But that's actually not the #1 issue. The #1 issue is when private pay is only 10% of your patients, it doesn't take very many bodies to be moved to someone discounting before you materially affect your year-over-year contribution but don't put any serious incremental burden of capacity on the system.
Operator: The next will come from Lisa Clive with Bernstein.
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Two questions. Just another on the private rates on the dialysis side. A year ago, you had mentioned your frustration that a competitor was apparently giving a bit more in price. It sounded like it was around one particularly large contract. And when we last got a comment on this, I think your words were something along the lines that both sides were particularly unhappy, and it sounded like you'd sort of stuck to the status quo. Can you just give us an update on that particular situation? And is that perhaps part of your seemingly more downbeat view on commercial pricing for 2015? And then, a second question on private rates, actually not commercial rates, but Medicare Advantage. You talk a lot about MA in your HealthCare Partners business. But as MA overall has increased as a proportion of all seniors, I would imagine this should have some potentially positive mix effect for the dialysis business. Could just perhaps talk about MA patient count? How that's changed? And whether that does, in fact, have a bit of a margin benefit?
Kent J. Thiry: Let me answer the second one first, and I mean I'll probably ask you to ask the first one again because it had sort of 2 parts to it. I want to make sure I don't ramble here, or at least reduce the probability. But on MA, MA growth is good for HealthCare Partners and it's good for Kidney Care. We love it in Kidney Care because those customers, talking about MA plans as customers, care about total costs, and we're really good at that. And so -- both from an immediate margin point of view and from a value-added point of view, and therefore, that informs future rates. We really do like MA growth in the ESRD population. That answered your second question, correct?
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Yes.
Kent J. Thiry: And then -- go ahead.
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Yes, I was just -- actually one second -- maybe a second add-on to that second question is, you mentioned the -- MA's focus on total costs. Could you also just provide a comment on Fresenius' recent agreement with Aetna on their MA patients? And is that something that you could see moving forward with, with any major commercial players?
Kent J. Thiry: We don't know all the details of what they did with Aetna. We know some stuff, and we certainly believe in integrated care and pay-for-performance. And so we're in those sorts of conversations as well, and we would expect FMC to be continuing to do that sort of stuff. And the good news in it is more and more payers are interested and willing to spend the time in actually going through all the hours of discussion and negotiation that are required. A few years ago, Kidney Care just wasn't high enough on the radar screen to get the attention to actually do more sophisticated contracts where everybody can win. So that's the community-wide good news inherent in announcements like that. And beyond that, I would just have to guess that we're both doing similar things.
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And yes, my first question, it's really -- I guess a way of rephrasing it is you seem a bit more downbeat on commercial pricing. Clearly, exchanges are one part of that. But I remember you very specifically had mentioned a year ago that there was one major contract, where it sounded like your big competitor had taken a bit of a rate cut. And you had resolved that issue by sort of sticking with the status quo. And I'm wondering whether you've had to shift away from that status quo, and that's one of the reasons why you're potentially a bit more negative in the commercial outlook for the next 12 months.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. We did have a situation, as we talked about and had an obligation to inform you of, where we had serious concerns about a competitor offering serious volume-related discounts, and that would affect industry structure in the way that shareholders would need to know about it. So that did happen. And then, second and totally separate, we've maintained pricing discipline, rate discipline. And we're willing to give up market share in order to do that, because it's very difficult to see a path where we're able to continue to innovate and drive the transformative parts of what we're about in terms of reducing total costs. We just can't do that without some margin.
Operator: At this time, I show no further questions.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Well, thanks very much. I mean, I will add I guess one other point that -- because it's related to what we were just talking about with Lisa. That it is, our patients are uniquely discriminated against. American dialysis patients are uniquely discriminated against in 2 ways, that if their kidney has already failed, they cannot join an MA plan, which is an absolute terrible policy, because it robs them of extra services that improve health and save the system money. So it's an artifact, but a legitimate concern from 25 years ago that doesn't apply anymore, and we really hope it gets changed. And secondarily, our patients are uniquely discriminated against in that they, no matter how many years they pay private insurance premiums, because they wanted insurance in case they got quite sick, they're kicked off of it after 30 months. A situation that no other American faces. And so those are 2 policy areas where we do hope for change. And thanks, everyone, for your kind consideration, and we'll do our best for you between now and the next earnings call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - Vice President of Investor Relations Kent J. Thiry - Co-Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer of Healthcare Partners Garry E. Menzel - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Dana Syrune Nentin - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Margaret Kaczor - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jenny, and I will be your conference coordinator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to DaVita HealthCare Partners Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Gustafson, you may begin your conference now.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, Jenny, and welcome, everyone, to our second quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in the company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. And with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Garry Menzel, our CFO; and Jim Hilger, our Chief Accounting Officer. First, I must apologize for the delay in our press release today. Our wire service messed up and didn't get it loaded in time. We'll make sure this does not happen in the future. Next, I'd like to move with our forward-looking disclosure statements. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay, thanks, Jim, and greetings to everyone else. I've been out sick so far this week, so if there's some moments when I push the mute button, it's to save you from hearing a bunch of coughing, so please bear with me. First, our enterprise had another solid quarter, as you've seen in the press release. That consists of 2 parts: a strong quarter in Kidney Care with their OI of $402 million, and I'll let Garry cover most of those results; and then not a strong quarter in HealthCare Partners, and I'll take care of discussing that. But first, as always, we'll talk about our clinical outcomes, as that is what comes first. We are taking care of about 35% of the patients in dialysis centers in America. 98% of those are achieving a Kt/V of 1.2 or better, 73% have a fistula in place. In addition, there's many other complex clinical improvement programs, among them, for example, fluid management, where we've decreased by 15%, the number of patients with excessive fluid gain between treatments over the past 10 months, which for those of you that are clinically oriented, you realize it's a big deal. On the HCP front, we take care of nearly 830,000 patients on a comprehensive basis, and our 2013 HEDIS clinical metrics are pretty outstanding across-the-board in each of our legacy markets. Right now, we'll just focus briefly on California results and just talk about cancer screening and diabetes management, where we're either 4 or a 5-star across all of our Medicare Advantage MA patients, including 80% of our patients receiving colorectal cancer screenings that compares to a 2012 national average of 62%. And if you go back to our 2012 numbers, we were already at 80% back then, so the gap is a legitimate gap. In addition, 64% of our diabetic patients with cholesterol scores below 100 versus a 52% national average. And once again, our score back in 2012 from whence that national average comes was comparable back then to today, so it's a legitimate gap. So the clear message on both fronts is that our clinical outcomes are relatively outstanding, leading to healthier patients, higher patient satisfaction and, importantly, savings to taxpayers. But onto the HCP operating performance. You see the reported OI of $82 million. That overstates the performance for reasons I'll get to in a second. But within that number is very solid performance again in our 3 legacy markets, which generated $77 million in operating income and approximately $118 million in EBITDA, and this was, of course, to some extent, offset by our expenses in new markets, particularly New Mexico and Arizona. Trying to get right to the bottom line question, the overall, the recurring normalized OI is about $55 million. Now let me do some parsing to help you understand those aggregate numbers. The OI for the quarter benefited from the recognition of some net deferred revenues, approximately $20 million related to the maintenance of existing physician networks in some of our new markets, of which $6 million was related to the first quarter of 2014, and of the remaining $20 million, most of it primarily related to 2013. In other words, even though we knew it was likely, at the time, we couldn't realize these revenues at the time, but the first quarter of '14 was $6 million better than we could report at that time and 2013 was nearly $20 million better than what we could report at that time. There were also some non-period-specific items in the quarter. They effectively offset each other for a net of approximately 0. On the positive side was MA revenue. There was finalization of some of those rates and true-ups, which historically doesn't happen until Q3 and it happened in Q2. On the other hand, we had some negative increases to our medical loss reserves for prior periods and some error adjustments related to 2013. And again, the net of those puts and takes was about 0, leading to that normalized Q2 OI run rate of about $55 million. Our guidance already assumes lower margins in the second half, which mirrors historical trends because sicker patients with higher risk scores, some of them expire in the second half of the year and some younger and healthier patients age into MA, and so that's a natural annual trend. Some other good news is that in terms of MA patient growth year-over-year, in our 3 legacy markets, non-acquired MA patient growth of about 12% and non-acquired MA growth across all markets, 18%. So very nice, robust unit growth in the MA segment. One of the piece of good news is that it is highly likely that in New Mexico and Arizona, the 2 most economically significant new markets, their performance in '15 should be at least $25 million better in OI next year, maybe more so. Obviously, we can't lock and load that as a total certainty, but it's highly likely, at least $25 million better in '15 versus '14. And in both cases, we have a stronger team and a better strategic position than we had 6 to 9 months ago. On the organizational front, as many of you know, I'm stepping in to run HealthCare Partners for the foreseeable future, and I'll be spending a significant majority of my time there. It's been a difficult 18 months for all stakeholders and would be difficult for me to overstate how excited I am to step out under the field myself and lead that wonderful physician-led organization that puts a great value proposition of coordinated care on the table. And on that point of physician leadership, two of my key physician partners will be Dr. Tyler Jung, who was our recently named new Chief Medical Officer, who first joined HealthCare Partners in 1996 as a working hospitalist; and Dr. Chen Chuong [ph], our new Chief Clinical Officer, who's been with HealthCare Partners since 2002 and was the primary direct report to the previous Chief Medical Officer, so deep, deep experience on the physician side; as well as Dennis Kogod, who was, as you will recall, Chief Operating Officer on the Kidney Care side and now is picking up some pretty significant tenure as COO on the HCP side. People might ask questions about Kidney Care, but you see in the results that Javier Rodriguez and Mike Staffieri, currently the CEO and COO on the Kidney Care side, have a combined nearly 30 years experience with DaVita Kidney Care and are well ready to carry on the momentum that currently exists since they were some of the primary creators of that momentum all along. So I'd just step back for a moment and look at the strategic position of our 3 businesses. On the U.S. Kidney Care side, we're well-positioned from a relative performance basis. There's consistent market growth, and we've consistently grown faster than the market. Our clinical outcomes are outstanding and getting better every year. At the same time, we've got to acknowledge the substantial environmental risk, especially on the reimbursement front. With respect to international, we are continuing to move towards establishing a solid foundation that could be a platform for years and years of risk-adjusted attractive profit growth for the enterprise. And as a minor anecdotal tidbit, we will open our first center in Saudi Arabia under our bid contract there within the next 8 weeks. On the HCP side, population health management, as just about everybody in the call knows, is a seemingly pervasive trend throughout America. And our value proposition is strong. Our foundation is strong. In the near term, we may have to weather some significant reimbursement headwinds. As you all know, we'll be stabilizing some of the new market performances. We're going to enhance our value proposition, including in legacy markets, and I look forward with a particular eagerness in working on that with the teams there. And then we start to grow. We've got a lot of growth opportunities. We've selected a handful, we'll probably select a handful more, and we look forward to having those mature in the years to come. Now Garry Menzel will walk through some more detail, particularly on Kidney Care.
Garry E. Menzel: Thank you, Kent. First, additional comments on our Kidney Care operating metrics. Non-acquired dialysis treatment growth in the quarter was 5% when normalized for days of the week. Dialysis segment profitability was up $21 million sequentially as a result of 2 factors: first, there were 1.5 more treatment days in the quarter; second, there was a seasonal decrease in payroll taxes from quarter 1 highs as our teammates hit annual caps. Our international losses were $9 million for the quarter. That is in line with our forecast to lose $40 million in 2014 as we ramp up our startup costs in Saudi Arabia in the second half of the year. Moving to the overall enterprise. Our debt expense was $106 million in the second quarter, excluding the $98 million in nonrecurring refinancing charges. As previously announced, we have refinanced our bank loans and much of our bond debt, reducing our effective interest rate and extending maturities. We expect quarterly debt expense to be approximately $100 million going forward. Next, the effective tax rate attributable to DaVita HealthCare Partners was 40.5% in the quarter, in line with our expected range of 40% to 41% for the full year 2014. Turning to cash flow. We continue to generate strong cash flows as operating cash flow was $262 million in the second quarter and $1.77 billion over the last 12 months. Finally, I would like to address our outlook. Our updated enterprise operating income guidance is now $1.755 billion to $1.840 billion. This includes, number one, reducing the high end of our HCP guidance so that the range is now $205 million to $240 million. This includes the onetime Q2 revenue benefits that Kent discussed earlier. And number two, increasing Kidney Care guidance of $1.55 billion to $1.60 billion. We still expect operating cash flow to be between $1.45 billion and $1.55 billion in 2014, excluding any payments associated with the potential PRI settlement with the government. As always, these guidance ranges capture a majority of probabilistic outcomes, but we could be above or below this range. And with that, operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Mr. Justin Lake, JPMorgan.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question, just, Kent, maybe you can give us some color as to what drove the decision-making on the leadership change at HCP. And then can you give us also some color on what your -- how much of your day-to-day time is going to be spent at HCP going forward versus what it was over the last 6 to 12 months?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. Thanks, Justin, for the questions. On the second question, I'll be spending a significant majority of my time on HealthCare Partners. On the first question, as you know, historically, we don't typically comment on personnel issues. So I think I just stay away from that and reiterate how excited I am to step into that role after the last 18 months of some difficulty, as you know.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Sure. Maybe, Kent, the way -- better way to ask it is just if maybe you can lay out for us the 2 or 3 or 4 things that are on the top of your agenda to get accomplished as a change agent coming in there?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. I think it's the things that I mentioned. And they're going to sound relatively generic, but hopefully, they'll emerge in a very substantive and nongeneric way. But it is to deepen the value proposition in existing markets with respect to MLR management and patient loyalty, ability to attract and retain physicians, et cetera. So it's sort of power alley, fastball down the middle, improvements of the value proposition in legacy markets. It's to stabilize, continue to stabilize and improve things in the 2 new markets that have consumed the most economic resources, and it's to selectively grow. And as I mentioned, we've already identified a handful of very promised opportunities and are in various stages of execution on those and are picking from a bunch more for the next handful. So I think that's kind of the trilogy of focus. If that's helpful, I recognize it's quite generic at this point.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And last question, just on HCP again. One, you mentioned that you expect $25 million of improvement. I didn't catch what was driving that. And then secondly, in terms of the startup losses or the new market losses, can you give us a reasonable trajectory as to when you think you can get them back to breakeven?
Kent J. Thiry: On the first question, Justin, I don't think we want to break out the $25 million because it's a couple different markets, it's a lot of different variables. I think the important news for shareholders is just that we're feeling good at, at least, a year-over-year $25 million pickup, which is a very significant amount, especially in 2 markets where we have a nontrivial market position to build from. And then as to exactly what their net economic statuses and when they hit it, I don't think we want to get into that level of detail. And in part, there are decisions in each place, and we may decide to have losses go on longer. Because of the returns we think we'll ultimately get, it's really too difficult to predict. So unfortunately, I got to stay away from that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ms. Darren Lehrich, Deutsche Bank.
Dana Syrune Nentin - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Dana Nentin in for Darren. Just as it relates to HCP on the new market entry strategy, can you just discuss progress with Tandigm Health JV in Philly and then maybe update us on any similar types of relationships you have?
Kent J. Thiry: Tandigm, the short answer is it's going well, but of course, that has to be qualified by the fact it's still in the early stage. We hit our target of 300 primary care physicians who signed up to work with Tandigm, which is exactly what we wanted. They are the physicians we were hoping would join. They are physicians that are committed to moving forward with IBC as a big payer and us in order to start to improve managed care in that community. And so without at all underestimating the business challenges to come, so far it's right on track. We've got the right partners, we've got the right tools, we've got the right momentum, but there's a lot of work ahead of us and time will tell. And then I guess, Dana, the other question is, might there be others? The short answer is yes. It's a model that attracted a lot of interest. We just have to decide how many we want to do at what pace. Now we don't want to get ahead of ourselves in terms of our capabilities.
Dana Syrune Nentin - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then continuing on HCP, can you just discuss medical cost trends in the quarter and whether your margin outlook has changed given the utilization environment?
Kent J. Thiry: I don't think we have anything material to say on that. There hasn't been anything dramatic going on one way or another within the quarter. And so it's sort of business as usual, which is not to say it's a smooth line, but there's nothing noteworthy, I think, in the quarter itself.
Operator: And next we have Mr. Kevin Fischbeck, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So I guess I just want to understand how the offsetting dynamics in the quarter that you mentioned in HCP works. You're saying that the Medicare rates you don't expect to happen in Q3 happened in Q2, so maybe it was net neutral to this quarter. But is it still net negative when you think about the yearly guidance?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, certainly, it means that Q3 will be missing that incremental boost. It would have already happened, but that reality is incorporated into our total guidance for the year. And so it doesn't change our guidance, the fact that it moved from Q3 to Q2.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Then just to understand the guidance then because you basically got $20 million of out-of-period revenue, but you kept the low end the same, you took the high end down by $20 million. So did you really take the low end down by $20 million and the high end down by $40 million on a 2014 kind of earnings space then?
Kent J. Thiry: Could you repeat the question, please?
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Well, so your guidance for HCP, I believe, kept the low end of the range and reduced the high end by $20 million. But you're saying you got $20 million out-of-period revenue and, theoretically, operating income. So if you're just trying to focus on what you actually earned in 2014, did you essentially take the low end down by $20 million and the high end down by $40 million.
Jim Gustafson: No, we did not, this is Jim Gustafson, because we had already incorporated the probability-weighted impact of this into our guidance. So that had already been incorporated into the guidance.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So the potential to kind of pick up prior year revenue for things like this is something that we should expect to happen and therefore not -- every year and therefore not to adjust out of the operating income even though it is related to the prior year?
Kent J. Thiry: Let me take a stab at that. There's a certain amount of puts and takes in an IBNR-intensive business that happen all the time. And so what we try to highlight for you is when there's an unusual number of them, which we've had a time or two in the last 18 months, and when it's more than normal offsetting puts and takes. Does that help answer -- there's no black and white answer. You never expect a year in this kind of business without some prior period adjustments, but you also don't expect too many of them. Is that answering the question?
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Well, I guess maybe the better way to ask it is when you talk about next year being better by $25 million, do you mean it off of this current guidance rather than off of the 2014 actual earnings in the current period?
Kent J. Thiry: Okay, I get the question now. I apologize for missing it before. The comment on $25 million improvement was focused on the 2 significant new markets of New Mexico and Arizona, that in those competitive arenas, we are confident of a year-over-year $25 million OI improvement. That $25 million then would become a factor in the aggregate HCP performance, which we're not commenting on now. We were just highlighting a delta in those 2 new markets.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. But I guess -- I think you said that the network $25 million number was mostly new market. Is that right? So either with that extra new market income this year, you're going to do $25 million better than that next year?
Kent J. Thiry: That is correct.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. All right. And then I guess when we think about -- you mentioned that there's a number of things that you're analyzing now, there's a number of things you've kind of got in the hopper for the next round of things. How do you think about the competitive landscape? I guess there was recently an article about how there's a record number of ACOs and doctors and hospitals competing for physician alignment and things like that. Do you as a company look at this and say, "We kind of have to do more than maybe we're ready for in the next 12 to 24 months because if we wait 5 years, all the partners who are the strongest partners will have done something?" How do you balance that as you analyze the opportunity set?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, very fair question. In general, on the one hand, there is increased supply of competition, more and more people trying to do population health management. On the other hand, there has been a proportional increase in demand for the same. And so I don't think there's been any fundamental change in the demand-supply relationship, which is what really matters, and nor are things going to happen quickly or I should say, there will not be a lot of successes quickly. An awful lot of the people who are getting into this space or who've gotten into it in the last year or 2 or 3 are failing, if not on an absolute basis, on a relative basis. And so I think from a strategic point of view, the important thing is to maintain a differentiated better product, and in that context, there'll be no shortage of opportunities for the next 5 to 10 years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Kevin Ellich, Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Kent, just wanted to kind of follow up on the ACO questions. What are your updated thoughts on the care coordination model and even maybe greater use of certain physicians maybe even in hospital medicine?
Kent J. Thiry: Can you elaborate a little further on the question? I think I would be groping if I answered now.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Yes. Sure. So one of your big competitors recently made its entry into the Hospitalists industry, and it was kind of an interesting move. Obviously, a lot of hospital medicine is used in the ACO integrated care model. I'm wondering if you guys could look to expand into that area specifically in terms of improving the coordination of care between acute and post-acute patients.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Let me take a stab at it. You let me know if I'm not responding. We have some of the best Hospitalists operations in America now embedded within our existing markets and up to this point, have opted not to try to create what we might call a vertical and take certain capabilities outside of our legacy markets and sell them, market them, implement them on an isolated vertical basis. However, strategically, that is something we talk about regularly. Just up to this point, we've never opted to do it.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: No. That's helpful. And then going back to your comments about population health management. Just wondering, what do you think are the keys to driving improvement in outcomes within population health management? And then also, do you think there are any hot button issues in that category as well?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I think one of the primary tenets of our answer to that question and one of the ways in which we're highly differentiated is that we believe putting the physicians in the spot of operating leadership is critical, and that's part of the legacy of HealthCare Partners, it's part of why we've been as successful as we've been. So I think that and investing in technology over the next 3, 5, 7 years, those are 2 of the primary components of the answer.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then lastly -- no, actually, 2 questions. Thoughts on biogenerics coming in on the ESA front like Mircera. Do you have any pilots or plan to have any pilots where you could use new ESAs? And then could you prioritize uses of capital?
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. On the biogenerics, we, of course, like any customer, like it when there's -- when our suppliers, whether they be vendors or partners, have competition. And so no surprise, we're in favor of there being new entrants into all products and drugs and biogenerics that we have to purchase. We're wildly in favor of that. And we will work with some companies bringing new stuff to the market if the terms make sense. And at the same time, we value very highly our historical relationship with Amgen and the clinical value of the drug that they provide. On the capital allocation, I think the way we've answered this best historically is to have people look in the rearview mirror and see that over 15 years, we've done a lot of different things in terms of our leverage ratio, in terms of buying back stock, in terms of paying down debt, in terms of changing the nature of our debt, in terms of investing in acquisitions and et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. And so I think we bring a pretty open mind to what is the right way to think about capital allocation that's very time-specific, fact-specific, et cetera, always trying to manage the risk-adjusted upside for our shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Gary Lieberman, Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Could you talk a little bit about how you view the change of the risk adjusters next year on the Med Advantage business and how significant of a positive that could be to HCP?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I would just say, our expectations on that are baked into our guidance for this year, and next year, we've not provided guidance for. And certainly, whatever the government decides to do -- well, I guess, can you repeat the question? Are you talking about '15 or '16, Gary?
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: '15.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, there, we have the positive of some adjustments to what they were doing on risk adjustments versus the negative of reductions to the underlying rates. And so as we provide you with guidance for '15, there will be a netting of those 2 effects.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess how are you thinking about '16?
Kent J. Thiry: Who knows? I mean it's just so hard to predict what the government is going to do with -- if they compress acuity scoring, that hurts us because we have a lot of high acuity patients, and we think it would be a big mistake for the Medicare program to do that because you want to attract investment in the ill people and make them healthier, that's when the whole system works in a virtuously reinforcing way, clinically and economically. So if they compress acuity scoring, that's bad. On the other hand, of course, if they leave that the same but drop underlying overall rates, that's bad too. So we kind of have to wait and see where they come out.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then your comments regarding new markets on HCP. It sounds somewhat more bullish than maybe you've been in the past. I guess in the past, you've talked about entering, refresh my memory, 2 or 3 markets this year, with a couple more next year and a lot more the year after that. Is that still the way to think about that? Or could that be accelerated somewhat?
Kent J. Thiry: I would not presume any acceleration. And in fact, in the last quarter, I, if anything, nudged expectations towards deceleration. But I think that the difficulty here is sort of the unit of measure. We are going to do some new things and then probably more new things next year and more the year after and so on. If you just use that as sort of the crude metric, those words are probably still true. However, the math on a lot of those things is going to be quite small in the early years, just like Tandigm is not something that's going to have a huge, immense impact for a whole bunch of reasons tied to our strategy with our partner. And so the number of things we do might be quite significant, but the math of it is very hard to predict and is probably not going to be as significant as the unit number.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then probably maybe just an update on the recovery in Albuquerque?
Kent J. Thiry: I don't think it's a good idea to go into a huge amount of individual market detail. Again, we did want to convey that in the 2 new markets that have been consuming the most resources, we're looking at a very nice year-over-year improvement, '15 over '14, and the odds of that will happen are very high. And probably just leave it at that. As you do know, the government approved the acquisition by Blue Cross Blue Shield of the MA plan, and that's a good thing for us because it puts us back in network and our number of lives, our MA lives has gone up in a very nice fashion since then. But to start slicing and dicing it, I don't think is a good idea. The aggregate math is probably the best way to characterize it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ms. Margaret Kaczor, William Blair.
Margaret Kaczor - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: A few for me. First, you guys haven't talked about the number of international patients you have right now in a while. What is that number today?
Kent J. Thiry: Between 5,000 and 6,000 at this point.
Margaret Kaczor - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then at what point really does that become material? Because I think that's about 100% growth year-over-year. Is that right?
Kent J. Thiry: Off hand, I don't know, but it must be something in that ballpark. It's -- we have not provided a forecast of patient growth internationally for a reason because there's going to be too wide a range of outcomes at this point. We've been very pleased with the growth that's exceeded our expectations. And so I think we just have to stop there and keep on reporting it. But it's too -- there's too much uncertainty right now as you divide it across the 10 countries that we're operating in to allow us to give you a high confidence forecast.
Margaret Kaczor - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. Can you talk a little bit about the growth in home dialysis? Are you guys still investing in that? Is there still opportunity in PD or HHD? Or is it kind of penetrated now with the bundle?
Kent J. Thiry: Home dialysis continues to grow, and we think that trend will continue.
Margaret Kaczor - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then one more for me. Can you give any update on kind of the dual eligible contracts that you've seen right now in California? Is it something you've kind of been walking away from right now or still kind of in negotiations? When should we hear something about that?
Kent J. Thiry: We're quite excited about dual, strategically, and we have 1 contract buttoned up and signed and a few thousand lives already signed up. And at this point, we would estimate in that contract alone, we might very well end up with 10,000 or so. In addition, we're still in discussions with a couple of other parties. But even with this 1 contract, we're very excited that we're going to get an opportunity to develop some new muscles and demonstrate the power of some old ones. And so, so far that's playing itself out very, very nicely and hopefully going to lead to a lot of growth in the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Matthew Borsch, Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to ask on HCP. If you can talk at all about how your payer contracts have evolved, if at all. Imagine with all the changing reimbursement, is that a place where you had intense negotiations over the last year? Or is it then sort of steady state on that front?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, there've been intense negotiations. And as we've said consistently, the portfolio of contracts will be amended over time and, in general, where we come from, is making them more and more partnership-oriented, with aligned upside and downside as opposed to confrontational upside, downside or whatever is the opposite of aligned. And some payers are very philosophically open to that, others are not. Hence -- and in either case, there's intense negotiations as to what that means. So we've made some nontrivial progress, but the portfolio will take a while to resolve itself. And some parts will never be aligned. Just like in Kidney Care, when we stated that we wanted to move towards more bundled contracts in the private sector, we did so over 5 years, but still, to this day, are not to the point where every private contract is bundled.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And given some of the challenges that you had with HCP, has that made you think more or less about the possibility of offering HCP as its own plan, if you will, either on your own or in some form of partnership? Is that something that you have any change in interest in, in the last 2 years?
Kent J. Thiry: No. It hasn't changed our views on that at all, which is to say, strategically, we are open to being a plan. If at any point that makes strategic sense and if we have the right relationships and contracts with existing plans that may never be necessary.
Operator: And there are no further questions on the phone at this time.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Thank you, all, for your interest in DaVita HealthCare Partners, and we will do our best for you over the next 3 months. Have a good day.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: James Gustafson - VP, IR Kent Thiry - Co-Chairman of the Board and CEO LeAnne Zumwalt - Group VP, Purchasing and Public Affairs Garry Menzel - CFO Craig Samitt - CEO, HealthCare Partners James Hilger - Chief Accounting Officer of DaVita HealthCare Partners Inc.
Analysts: Justin Lake - JP Morgan Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray Brian Zimmermann - Goldman Sachs Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Jason Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ben Andrew - William Blair Gary Taylor - Citigroup John Ransom - Raymond James Lisa Clive - Sanford Bernstein Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Kim, and I'll be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita HealthCare Partners First Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute, to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Gustafson, you may begin sir.
James Gustafson: Well, thank you Kim, and welcome everyone to our first quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations; and with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Garry Menzel, our CFO; Craig Samitt, President of our HealthCare Partners Division; Jim Hilger, our Chief Accounting Officer; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. I'd like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statements. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meanings of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings, included in our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent Thiry: Thank you, Jim, and thank you all for your interest in DaVita HealthCare Partners. Q1, disappointing financial performance in HealthCare Partners. Strong financial performance in Kidney Care. I will discuss this performance as well as we will update our outlook, but first as always, I will review our clinical outcomes. We continue to present our clinical outcomes first, because that is what comes first. We are first and foremost a caregiving company. On the Kidney Care side, we now serve approximately 165,000 dialysis patients in the United States, approximately 35%; and in this area, CMS recently released the quality incentive program payment results for 2014 payments. I remind everyone that the way they structure the quality incentive program is with penalties only, there is only downside, so that's why we will use the penalty word. They had established four clinical measures, central venous catheters, AV fistulas, URR, less than 65, and hemoglobin, less than 12. DaVita ranked number one in the industry in all four clinical measures, and if you look at the percent penalties in aggregate, only 1.6 of DaVita clinics had any penalty, compared to 6% of clinics for the rest of the industry. This performance is even more notable, especially when you adjust for socio-economic factors given we have more lower income people and people of color in our patient population in the overall nation. Nonetheless, we had a 59% lower rate of penalty centers versus the rest of the industry in four counties, and we improved our rural clinic performance year-over-year, while the rest of the industry saw rural clinic performance decline. Moving on to HealthCare Partners and clinical metrics in that area, one of the areas of focus is reducing hospital readmissions in the second half of 2013, looking at California and Nevada, we had a 14% readmission rate, that is 24% below the national benchmark of 18.4%. This alone means our patients avoided more than 700 readmissions over the last six months, relative to the rest of the nation. For these and other clinical outcomes, for both Kidney Care and HealthCare Partners, we compare very favorably to national averages, and our superior clinical results in healthier patients and lower taxpayer costs. Now, moving on to operating performance, where I will jump right into discussing HealthCare Partners. I will discuss both Q1 and the lower guidance for the year. Q1 was amiss, it was a big miss and it was another in the series of misses. This is embarrassing for us, and no doubt, worrisome for you. So legitimate and expected question is, what is going on? And the explanation for the quarter and the year are pretty much the same. So I will discuss most of it in the context of the year. Number one, the primary driver of this shortfall, is the fact that in the first phase of the DaVita HealthCare Partner's combination, there was a small group of new market, new business deals done, which have substantially underperformed plan. The deals fell into a few different categories, including acquisitions and assuming some risk contracts. In aggregate, these deals explain about half of the $50 million reduction in the midpoint of our guidance. Within this category, the largest was Albuquerque, and on this front, the new and incremental bad news, is that the health plan acquisition of the Lovelace plan by Blue Cross, Blue Shield has not yet been approved by the government, which means our globally capitated arrangement does not fully kick in, which creates incremental losses each month, and also makes the post approval, if we assume approval recovery, incrementally tougher as well. Separate factor for the $50 million, we misestimated the average MA rate we will receive by 0.8%, eight-tenths of a percent on our patients across our geographies, which equals $16 million for the year, $4 million per quarter. Next, the third and final contributor to the decreased guidance, but it does not constitute underperformance, is that we have incorporated this expectation of $10 million in startup losses in our new Tandigm joint venture, with independents Blue Cross and Philadelphia. This was explicitly excluded from our guidance last quarter. So while we corporate it, means that we go down in under $10 million in guidance, it does not constitute any underperformance versus prior comments. There is a potential offsetting upside to the scenario we just laid out. We had a contractual contingency in one of our new markets, that could very well lead to recognizing another $30 million to $45 million in revenue this year, of which $10 million to $24 million would be attributed to 2014 performance and activities, and the balance to 2013. Now the next question you might well ask, how can you possibly expect us to feel comfortable going forward, given the magnitude of this change? And the answer is, we probably can't make you feel comfortable, until we start doing what we said we would do. But we can tell you, that the team that did those deals, was displaced many months ago. The next question might well be, when will the new markets get better? Assuming no contingency payout this year for us, we would be disappointed, very disappointed if they did not do better in 2015. Next question, how much better should we expect them to do? And on that front, we are not comfortable estimating at this point. We fear it would be too unreliable. The next question is, while separate from the economic underperformance of this portfolio of early deals, how should we think about what that says for our overall value proposition? And here the good news is, that in each of these situations, we are adding the clinical value we are supposed to add. We are getting good physician leadership momentum, as we are supposed to and we are advancing the integrated care capability of our partners and affiliate physicians, as we are supposed to. So we are fulfilling the fundamental value proposition in these situations, despite the underperforming economics. Next question might well be, as you stare at the numbers and reflect on this explanation, would be, given the explanation of the shortfall, it seems to apply that the three big legacy foundational markets, California, Nevada and Florida, are performing solidly. And the good news is, that answer is an unambiguous, yes. If you were to strip out, what we might call legacy ACP from the four deal portfolio, they generated approximately $76 million NOI and $116 million in EBITDA after allocating all corporate overhead, and a couple of minor non-recurring item adjustments, and those numbers, as you well realize, would put us right on schedule. Next question, what does the series of events do to your confidence, my confidence, our confidence, and the team and the business? And our answer has a few parts. That the new team, the new HealthCare Partners leadership team, does deals with traditional DaVita discipline. Having said that, we are doing new things, and there will be an experience curve. And as to the broader question, a broader question about the industry, our views have not changed, and greater care and population health management will grow. We are good at doing that with physicians in the lead. Thank you. I look forward to your questions, and now on to LeAnne Zumwalt with an update on policy issues.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Thanks Kent. I will cover two topics. One, the recent ESRD legislation, and two, the 2015 Medicare Advantage rate notice. So first, as part of the reason, physician SGR legislation, Congress partially addressed dialysis, reimbursement underfunding. The key legislative highlights are, as in the 2014 ESRD rule, the 2015 rate would be essentially flat with 2014. The good news, is that the remaining dialysis cuts were reduced and stretched over three years. In 2016 and 2017, our bundled payment rate will be updated by market basket minus 1.25%, and in 2018, market basket minus 1. The bundling of additional oral drugs is delayed until 2024. This is positive outcome, as there was substantial risk that CMS significantly underfunded these drugs in 2016, resulting in a de facto rate cut. Overall, this is a good victory for the care community, as these changes were scored by the congressional budget office, of putting about $2.2 billion back into the dialysis payment system. Having said that, we still on average, lose money on our Medicare patients. The absence of full market basket increases over the next few years, the Medicare reimbursement will be further below our cost of providing care. As a result, we will expand only in geographies where there is a healthy subsidy from the private sector. And geographies without the private support will remain flat, or be a contraction of service, as we will be forced to close some centers. Second, in April, CMS announced the final Medicare Advantage benchmark rates for 2015. Based on the final roll, we expect 2015 rates to be roughly flat for us, compared to 2014. We and others benefit from the rollbacks in the planned risk recalibration in 2015. Although this presents uncertainty in 2016 and beyond, as CMS moves forward with the new model. Going back, the risk recalibration is good for beneficiaries, as it will help prevent more dramatic benefit changes in 2015, moving to the new model could create adverse selection or encourage payors to take steps to avoid serving higher cost patients, whose health needs are the greatest. Its encouraging that CMS ought to protect MA benefits and acknowledge the clinical improvements that Medicare Advantage Program is making. Saying, and I quote, enrollees are benefiting from greater quality. Over half of enrollees now in plans with four or more stars, a significant increase from 37% of enrollees in such plans in 2013. Note that in HCP, we have over 80% of our patients in plan, that are four star rated and above for 2015, well above national averages. I will now turn the call to Garry.
Garry Menzel: Thanks LeAnne. I will walk through a few more details on the numbers. First, some additional comments on our Kidney Care operating metrics. Kidney Care adjusted operating income of $387 million was up $1 million from the prior quarter. Non-acquired dialysis treatment growth in the quarter was 5%, when normalized for days of the week. Dialysis segment profitability was down $21 million sequentially, due to two negative factors, offset by three positive factors. The two negative factors were; one, three fewer treatment days in the quarter; and two, an increase in patient care costs of $4.42 per treatment, which was due primarily to an increase in EPO unit cost in the quarter, and seasonally higher fixed and central level expenses per treatment, because of the fewer treatment days in the quarter. These were largely offset by three positive factors; a 2% increase in treatments per day, as a result of strong non-acquired growth. Two, a $0.77 increase in dialysis revenue per treatment; and three, a $4.19 decrease in dialysis segment G&A, $1.50 of which is due to impairments that were recorded in the fourth quarter, and the remainder is a combination of tighter G&A controls, and normal quarterly fluctuations. During the quarter, we lost $6 million in our international operations, in line with our prior international outlook of $25 million of losses. However, at the time, this specifically included any costs for our Saudi Arabia expansion. As our planned ramp up in Saudi Arabia will create $15 million in additional operating losses in 2014, we now expect to lose $40 million internationally, which is included in our increased Kidney Care guidance. Kent has already discussed in detail the performance of HealthCare Partners, so I will next review some key metrics for the overall enterprise. First, our debt expense was $106 million in the first quarter. Second, the effective tax rate was 40.5% in the quarter, in line with our expected range of 40% to 41% for full year 2014. Third, we continue to generate strong cash flows, as operating cash flow was $419 million in the first quarter. We still expect operating cash flow to be between $1.45 billion and $1.55 billion in 2014, excluding any payments associated with the potential settlement of physician relationship investigations. Finally, we have updated our 2014 operating income guidance. Our updated enterprise operating income guidance is $1.725 billion to $1.84 billion. This includes one, reduced HCP guidance of $205 million to $260 million. Two, increased Kidney Care guidance of $1.52 billion to $1.58 billion. Note that this Kidney Care guidance includes $15 million in 2014 losses to ramp up operations in Saudi Arabia, which were not included in the prior guidance. So combined with the $10 million for Tandigm, that means we are including $25 million in expenses previously excluded. Therefore, on apples-to-apples basis, the bottom of our consolidated guidance range is up $25 million and the top is up $5 million. I will now hand the call back to KT.
Kent Thiry: Thank you, Garry. I'd like to add one editorial comment on the policy front. The ESRD Kidney Care victory was a big one, and once again, we led the community to a thoughtful strategy and through formidable campaign. I'd like to step back for a moment, and just think about our two primary businesses, Kidney Care and our Medical Group, and think about each of them across four parameters, as we look out over the next two to three years. Rate minus expense times volume and then factored by execution risk. On the Kidney Care side, rate, there is more downside than upside. Although, we do have somewhat of a reimbursement safety net, as the government cannot afford to have many centers closed. On the expense side, things look relatively stable, compared to historical norms. On the volume side, things look relatively stable, probably a bit slower than the rate we have enjoyed the last few years. With respect to execution and reliability, Kidney Care looks pretty solid. On to HealthCare Partners, our medical group. As to rate, there is more downside than upside. As to expense, there is probably more downside than upside, but hopefully, we can make those words not true. As to growth, unit growth looks very promising, and as to execution, reliability, the legacy markets look solid, the new markets look poor. Now if you step back to look at the aggregate enterprise for a moment, we still think it is a differentially solid platform for the long term. A strategic position is good. The market positions are strong. The talent trajectory is good, and our capital structure and our capital efficiency and our cash flows are all solid. Thank you, and let's move on to Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from Justin Lake with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan: Thanks. Good evening. First question, you mentioned the operating income for HCP, and you gave us a number of metrics that basically allowed you back into these recently acquired practices are losing about $80 million for the year in your guidance. Can you tell us what the plan is for turning this around, Kent, and how much we can expect to improve for 2015?
Kent Thiry: Justin, could you repeat the numbers you threw out please?
Justin Lake - JP Morgan: Sure. You said the legacy business is running $76 million, the reported numbers for HCP are $54 million positive. [Indiscernible] back into these newly acquired centers, running about $20 million a quarter of losses? Or $80 million for the year. So obviously a very big number in terms of losses there. I am curious, what you are doing to turn that around, and how quickly you think you could turn around?
Kent Thiry: Yeah. First, without getting into a lot of complexity, you can't just subtract the two and take the difference, and then attribute all of that to new markets, because there is some other stuff going on, like the MA rate predictions, etcetera. There are some issues that cut across the two categories. Its not quite as clean as that. And in addition, some of those losses were absolutely planned and intentional, part of establishing ourselves in new markets. But separate from fine tuning the actual number, what we are going to do, to make it better, is going to sound pretty vanilla on our call. We are working on the rate side, the expense side and the unit side. But the biggest single swing factor, is having the transaction in New Mexico be approved by the government.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan: Can you give us a number on the swing factor for that?
Kent Thiry: I don't think that would be in your best interest, Justin. So I think we will have to hold back from that.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan: Okay. And then, on HCP again. Last quarter you mentioned you're working with plans to try to get the contract structures that were a little more reasonable, in terms of times, when there was pressure on reimbursement. We are just curious if you can give us an update on how those negotiations are going, and whether you're feeling more comfortable going into 2015, than you did in 2014?
Kent Thiry: Yeah, I would say, we made tiny bit of progress in the quarter, that's actually not disappointing, in the sense that a lot of contracts aren't appropriate to change, until they are up for renewal, and we don't necessarily want to precipitate an extensive renewal conversation with everyone at one time. So its not disappointing when I say tiny, nor is it impressive, its kind of a tweener.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan: Okay thanks. I will jump back in the queue.
Kent Thiry: All right.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Kevin Ellich with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray: Good afternoon. Kent, just wanted to clarify again? You said the three big legacy foundational markets was doing -- was at $76 million of operating income, or was it $176 million?
Kent Thiry: It was $76 million, its actually right in that $75 million to $76 million range, and the other number was $116 million in EBITDA after allocating all corporate overhead.
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. Then, can you give us a little bit more color on the potential upside? Is that all dependent upon the deal -- the Blue Cross deal in New Mexico going through, or is it something else that you're thinking about, that you don't know about yet?
Kent Thiry: We can't disclose exactly where that contractual contingency sits, because of some confidentiality agreements. And so, all we can say is that, that contractual contingency exists within our new market portfolio, and there is a good chance, better than 50% chance that it will in fact be triggered.
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray: Okay. But we don't have any idea on the timing?
Kent Thiry: Since every prediction on the timing has been wrong so far, I think we will shy away from venturing into predicting again.
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Fair enough. And then, as for the Medicare Advantage, obviously pretty positive news on that front. But just curious, how close are we to achieving parity between the [indiscernible] parity. Isn't that a year or two out?
Kent Thiry: Most of our counties are in the two year or four year phase down periods. So 2015 will be the final year for our counties and the four year. We do not have any membership of significance in the six year, based on [ph] counties. 
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray: Okay. So 2015 really is the last year. Okay, great. Then last one on HCP, looking at the decline in operating -- the ratio of operating income to care dollars, have gone from 10% a year ago to 5%. What's your long term objective, where could this go and what's going to get us there?
Kent Thiry: Kevin, say the question one more time please?
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray: The ratio of operating income to care dollars under management this quarter came in at 5%. A year ago, it was 10.4%. is that just contingent upon improving operations, and one out of HCP, I guess I am trying to get some idea as to what a normalized ratio should be?
Kent Thiry: I think I am hesitating, because there is a bunch of variables that could push it one way or another. For example, we will probably be doing more joint ventures with payers, and that may very well b e low margin business, because we are splitting the equity and the upside. But on the other hand, it could be incredibly capital efficient, and in the long run, as we have talked about for 15 years, its cash on cash, return on capital, that ultimately determines a company's long term future. And so in some cases, we may be actively seeking, what looks like low margin business, but is incredibly attractive in terms of risk adjusted return on capital. And then, looking at it from a different perspective, we will also still be doing some of the good old traditional global care business, where we and our physician leaders take the entire bolus of it and manage it with ever increasing capability. So how those different factors are going to net out, combine with just in general, increase competition in the space, is pretty hard to predict. So I think -- what we will have to get good at doing, is just parsing out these different variables. So you can see, where any movements in margin are good news, bad news, or neutral news.
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray: Got it. Okay. Thanks.
Kent Thiry: Thank you, Kevin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Zimmermann with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Zimmermann - Goldman Sachs: Hi. Thanks and good afternoon. I was wondering if you could give us some updated thoughts in potential closing of centers. The CMS rate is going to improve and just curious if you're still planning on going ahead on closing centers?
Kent Thiry: Unfortunately the answer is yes, and we are probably going to be closing in the neighborhood of 20 in the near to intermediate term, as much as it breaks our heart, when the government cuts our reimbursement, and holding it flat constitutes a cut, given there are certain cost pressures we face, that we simply can't get down to zero. That in some geographies, where there are not enough private patients to subsidize the federal government, we and other people are going to have to close down some centers. We will do so with incredible care and respect and oversight, in order to take care of our patients and our teammates. But in the end, we are caring a lot of money losing centers, and we can't continue to carry that many, if in exchange, our rates get cut.
Brian Zimmermann - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then on the patient care cost side, I understand that they went up per treatment, but you did a pretty good job containing costs from the G&A side. Can you give us a bit more detail on what those G&A cost controls were, and do you see additional opportunities in the next couple of quarters?
Kent Thiry: I do not think we are going to see a continuation of tremendous accomplishment, so that's where -- that we pulled off over the last year. We started thinking about it and planning for it, a full two, two and a half years ago, when we expected the government to be squeezing reimbursement, and so it was done with a lot of foresight, with a lot of warning and planning, and so it is not to disrupt people's lives nor our company's operations, and of course most importantly, our patient care. Having said all that, there's limits to how much can be done there, and so, I think you are looking at, pretty much the end of that run of progress.
Brian Zimmermann - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then my last question is on capital deployment. You're sitting here with $1.1 billion on the balance sheet. Can you give us an update on thoughts towards acquisitions or potential repurchases?
Kent Thiry: Well, we are hoping, although it sounds funny to use that word, that we will be taking a big chunk of that cash to execute on our settlement with the federal government, and that would be about $390 million or so, and at our new size, we certainly want to keep -- certainly want cash on hand. Having said that, we don't need to have $1 billion in our wallet, and we will go through our normal exercise, consistent with how we thought the last 15 years, in comparing at that time, our business opportunities, our repurchase opportunities and our debt reduction opportunities. And so right now, we don't have a position on that, and of course, we welcome any input from all of you, which you would prefer.
Brian Zimmermann - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Kent Thiry: Thank you, Brian.
Operator: And your next question comes from Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Hi everybody. So wanted to just may be ask a little bit more about some of the deals that you're referring to, and if I guess if you could may be help us think through where you think you miscalculated the most, in terms of entering these new markets and the types of structure you had, its clear in Albuquerque, you miscalculated with regard to the payor landscape and the ability to forge a better relationship there with Lovelace, hopefully that changes. But, can you maybe help us think through how else you have miscalculated, and how this strategy may be pivoting, so that you can avoid that?
Kent Thiry: Darren, its a right question. But the correct answer to it, is that the team that did those deals, was not thoughtful. It did not do the right kind of rigorous analysis, reflection. Did not weight the relative merits of partnership versus fighting, and in particular, in one instance, didn't correctly calibrate what had happened after fighting a battle in Albuquerque. Both Lovelace, the hospital and the plan, and us, both sides came out significant losers. The only ones who benefited, were our collective competition. The new team has since turned relationships around in that market, and we are readying employees to work collaboratively, with both Lovelace and the new plan. The way these things should work, assuming that we do get government approval on that transaction. So rather than go through what would sound like a relatively vanilla characterization of different types of mistakes, the root cause was the team that was working on it did not bring the right discipline and thoughtfulness, and those people are not doing deals with us anymore.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay. That's fair. I guess may be that turns me to the next most obvious question is, you just announced a fairly significant transaction, this Tandigm joint venture. So may be just, given that there is a new more thoughtful team, I guess, that put that one together, give us some background on how that deal came about, what the model looks like, and may be talk a little bit more about how that strategy will be different?
Kent Thiry: Let me go ahead and take a quick stab, and then Dr. Samitt may want to add. But this is the type of arrangement we might end up doing in other places, and we certainly have a lot of major payors, who are talking to us about types of arrangements like this. IBC is the leading payor in that market, with a very strong market position, and a good reputation, as a citizen in the healthcare community. So we like that type of partner. The way we structured it, is the new venture is incented to succeed. So neither parent company, so to speak, can get in the way, because of any other considerations. The new management team and the Board of Directors are incented structurally to deliver success for patients, physicians and shareholders through that venture; and that's the only way to attract the kind of challenge you need to tackle the challenge, in a market that does not have any significant integrated care penetration. Lastly I would say, the way its structured, although it will not lead to any quick profit drop-through is very capital efficient; because we are not having to make any large acquisitions, and because of the way the economics are structured, the upfront operating losses are quite modest, in particular, quite modest, relative to the long term market opportunity. Craig is there anything you'd like to add?
Craig Samitt: Sure KT. Just four additional points. The first is that the IBC-Tandigm transaction allowed us to review lessons learned from the prior deals that KT described in the past, and focus on avoiding risks, that we were faced with some of the other deals from prior to 2014. The second is, as you can see, this is our new pilot in forging a team of equals relationship between a payor and a renowned delivery system. And so, we are optimistic that the shoulder-to-shoulder partnership will be highly effective. In terms of structure, we are through Tandigm, enabling primary care physicians, with supports from both the payor side, which is very data and analytics rich, and healthcare partners, which is clinical care model and population health rich, in managing the transition of Philadelphia marketplace from volume to value. And fourth, is the reason why this is a prime market for us is that, Philadelphia is one of the highest cost of care marketplaces in the U.S., with in fact the highest admission rate per thousand in the country. So our expertise is very much needed in that market.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Makes sense. My last question just about Tandigm. What is your enrolment target, if we think about this couple of years down the road, how many lives do you think you will have in that arrangement?
Kent Thiry: Its a fair question, but there is just too much uncertainty at this point. So giving you a number would be tantamount to just guessing -- if we succeed, the number could be significant. But succeeding is not going to be easy. There are reasons why markets have high admit rates, and part of our challenge is to establish a collaborative constructive relationship with the leading hospitals, in order to collectively bring quality improvements and appropriate savings to the table, shared by everyone.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Kent Thiry: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo: Thanks for taking the question. I guess going back to Albuquerque; specifically, it would appear that there was a meaningful decrease in performance sequentially. Can you give us any more details around what was worse than you had originally expected, just over the last quarter or so?
Kent Thiry: I think Gary, we don't want to go into any more micro detail on individual market. So if you could just allow us to stick with having disclosed much more than we typically do already in individual market, because we felt we needed to, in order to answer the legitimate questions. But I think we best leave it at that.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo: Okay. I guess may be then, a little bit bigger picture on the underperforming deals. Can you may be discuss, how much risk you feel is still there? Is there still some meaningful downside of things don't get better or on the same technology, or do you feel like it sort of bottoms out?
Kent Thiry: I would say, we are much closer to bottoming out, and so the ratio of upside to downside is attractive, a breath of fresh air, in an otherwise stuffy room. So that's good news, I would say.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo: Okay. And then do you have any concern that the Blue Cross deal does not close in Albuquerque, or is it just typical stuff that's maybe going to take longer?
Kent Thiry: We don't have any insight really. The Department of Justice keeps those things close to the vest certainly, and periodical evidence would suggest, that the deal will get approved. But you never know for sure, and particular, if in the government's mind, Blue Cross Blue Shield is unwilling to agree to reasonable conditions, then all bets are off. So we don't know enough to handicap other than these things typically, as you know, get closed.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo: Okay. And then, does any of this change the guidance you had given on the acquisition pace at HCP, which I think was sort of two this year, more next year, and then a lot the year after?
Kent Thiry: I would say at this point, we are not changing anything.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo: Okay. May be one question on the international comments that were made, the losses, I think Garry, you said were $40 million, and that changed. What was it before?
Garry Menzel: $25 million. Sorry Gary.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo: That's very helpful. And may be last question on dialysis, what did you guys think of the revised parameters around the accountable care demo with the ESCOs?
Kent Thiry: Before I answer that Gary, let me go back and tweak my response to your question about the expected pipeline of significant deals in HealthCare Partners. I think we probably should dial back that expectation a bit, because we need to prove quickly, that we can reliably deliver on what we say we are going to do, before we should run around deploying any more of your capital. So probably, we pull that back a bit, and can't quantify right now, but at least directionally, I think you should think about it that way. On the ESCOs, we know that we are incredibly passionate and bullish on our capability, to dramatically improve quality and substantially reduce costs and deliver incredible patient experiences in an integrated care, globally capitated or anything like it world for Kidney Care, and we have proven it. And we have proven it at significant scale with breadth and depth, and so we so much want to bring that value to America, and in so doing, forcing others to invest and get better and better at the same time. And we are very grateful that CMS has put so much time into trying to figure out a way to introduce a vehicle for making all that come true. Having said that, and being very appreciative of some of the changes they make, we were disappointed in what they came out with, and I think I will just stop there.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo: Would you say they are headed in the right direction and just need some minor tweaks, or is it still significantly off-base for what you would need to really ramp up your involvement?
Kent Thiry: We think there is just a couple very reasonable changes that would open up the gates to a beautiful pilot. So we think its very doable and very reasonable.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo: You can't share any of those specifics with us?
Kent Thiry: I don't think that would be good to get into on a big public forum. We are sharing our thoughts with them, and we are incredibly grateful that they are listening.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Kent Thiry: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Gurda with KeyBanc.
Jason Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thank you. Kent, if we think about a deal that actually works out as it expected to, how should we or how should we expect to see the multiyear impact on margins play out? Is it one to two years of initial losses, followed by ever increasing margins after that, or --?
Kent Thiry: Yeah, its a tough one to answer Jason, because in HealthCare Partners, every deal could be quite different, depending whether we are primarily partnering with a hospital or a physician group or a payor or all of the above, and whether or not they already have risk, or whether or not we are just starting a new risk contract. And so, unfortunately, given unlike dialysis, every deal could be quite different. You need to stare at our track record, in order to draw the right inferences and extrapolations. This is where we have made your life very difficult, by having a lousy track record of doing new things. And so, we recognize the torturous position that our performance has put you in, and we hope to make amends over the next couple of years.
Jason Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets: All right. Putting aside the Albuquerque decision. You will be facing more Medicare Advantage rate cuts in 2015, making additional expansion in investments. Should we expect operating income growth at HealthCare Partners next year?
Kent Thiry: At this point, I think we ought to stay silent on 2015, until we get a little more time and experience under our belt. We are not comfortable saying, OI is going to go down. We are not comfortable saying its going to go up. We are not comfortable sayings its going to be flat. We need a few more months under our belt, before we can give you a value added estimate.
Jason Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. My last question would be, I think you have warned in the past, that the exchanges offer more downside than upside, I think that's the way you put it. Is there any early read on your relationships with the payors on the exchanges that, any takeaways from the first quarter?
Kent Thiry: Although its very preliminary, because as you understand, there is a lot of lag time, in finding out exactly who is going to exchange, and what exchange is going to pay and all that kind of stuff. So with a big caveat, on the fact that it is preliminary, the early results are positive, in the sense that we thought it was going to be quite bad, and so far, it is not.
Jason Gurda - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thank you.
Kent Thiry: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks. I guess a few questions on HCP. You mentioned that -- I think you said half of the issue was related to deals in new markets, and you mentioned contracts, what was that comment related to? What was the other issue there?
Kent Thiry: There are three drivers of the shortfall Kevin. Half was the new market, new business acquisition portfolio. The second was the Tandigm $10 million previously excluded, so doesn't represent underperformance. The third component was a mistake, we were 0.8% off in forecasting our actual MA rates across the markets, and that 0.8% equals $4 million a quarter, $16 million on a year, right off the bottom line. Its of course embarrassing for us to make a mistake like that, but we did.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess though, in that source bucket we see -- you said the deals fell into buckets of new acquisition and then taking on new risk contracts. I just want to understand what you meant when you meant risk contracts, as opposed to deals being new market entrants?
Kent Thiry: Got it. I am sorry Kevin, I understand the question now. There is one example where we just took over a network for a payor, it was an unsuccessful MA network that they have been running by themselves and with some others unsuccessfully and we took it over from them, with no exchange of capital involved.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. So you've basically assumed a new risk contract?
Kent Thiry: Correct.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Is it a new market or an existing market?
Kent Thiry: This was a new market, and while we expected losses, because we knew what their current economics were, and some of that we were cushioned from, and then some not. The problem is, the actual losses have exceeded the expected losses in the assumption of that contract.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then I guess broadly, because that sounds hard to sell, I guess sometimes, maybe they are hard to differentiate. But when you look at HCP, would you say that it is more a cost issue or more a contract issue; because it feels like one might be easier to solve in a short period of time than others? I just wanted to get your thoughts around that.
Kent Thiry: Our primary problems there have been from unthoughtful contracting non-thorough due diligence and one very bad business decision. Not our ability to drive integrated care, not our ability to work with physicians in the community to drive quality improvements, and savings and utilization etcetera. The news on those scores is positive, and so I think your diagnosis is correct. The stuff that was done wrong is easily fixed and we think we are there. Now also I want to add, again, we are doing new stuff and different stuff, so there will still be an experience curve, and there will still be a [indiscernible] issue. But we already are way, way, way better on the dimensions that cause us the problems a year, year and a half ago today.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And I guess, I understand the shortfall this year makes you reticent to kind of make predictions about next year. But I think at the Analyst Day, you were kind of thinking that, you could be flat year-over-year in HCP, depending on how the final rate came in with the risk adjusters. It feels to me like the final rate for 2015 was better than one might have thought at the time. This years numbers are lower, it sounds like you feel like you understand to some degree that there is a contracting opportunity into next year, and yet you're not comfortable to say that you will be better next year versus this year. When you think about the swing factors, if its not your ability to manage costs, and that feels like its in control of the next year, what are the factors that you could understand going into next year? Generally where the rates are, generally what the contracting issues are that would stop you from growing next year?
Kent Thiry: Yeah, its very good logic Kevin as usual, and I think the honest answer is just that, if you're sitting in these chairs, having been wrong now a few times, we simply don't want to represent, until we have done a lot more work, analytical work on every aspect of the business, before we start talking about stuff that's a year or two out.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, then I guess just last question. California Duals, do you have a sense there of how you will be participating in there, what the revenue opportunity might be for you?
Craig Samitt: Yeah Kevin, this is Craig Samitt. We are in active discussions with multiple payors, who will be participating in the California Duals program. We hope to be able to participate in the program, but don't know yet if we will, with which payors or for how many patients we will be providing care for.
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right. Great. Thanks.
Kent Thiry: Thanks Kevin.
Operator: And your next question comes from Ben Andrew with William Blair.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Good afternoon, and thank you for taking the questions. Couple of things I guess to start, Kent. Is there some sense that the window of opportunity for transactions is tightening on you, given both the lag between when you have been able to announce large transactions, and that's perhaps what's being manifest in the need to move towards more partnerships than [indiscernible] acquisitions?
Kent Thiry: Let me take a stab and see if I get it right. There aren't very many mature proven MA risk management NDs that are around and independent anymore. So there is not a lot of eight point bucks out in the forest. And the good news is, those that are out there, are differentially interested in us, because of our legacy and our reality of physician leadership. So that's the bad news and good news on that side. But we do these other partnerships, not have a sense of need or not because of some notion that they are second best. We actually think that they can be absolutely as good and effective, as the conventional acquisitions. And in fact, the deal in Philadelphia is starting off with a very collaborative partnership with a leading physician IPA in the market. Its not just a payor DaVita partnership. The leading doctors who want to bring the improved quality and savings that comes from integrated care are very much onboard with the effort.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Okay. And then, looking at that Pennsylvania opportunity is kind of your first big foray in the northeast. Are there other obvious markets in that region that makes sense for you all, assuming that you're able to prove out the kind of the performance with this one?
Kent Thiry: Yes.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Excellent. And then I guess the only other question is, on the international dialysis side. The Saudi Arabian contracts, and you have given us some good details on the startup there. How quickly can that be a material contributor? Is this really going to be a multiple year process to bring that to something that moves the needle for the dialysis franchise internationally? Thanks.
Kent Thiry: Its going to be a couple years, just because there is so many centers involved and so many patients, that will be in a constant state of having a bunch of young immature centers, where we have got operating costs but not many patients, or zero patients as we build them, and then just the classic issues of having overhead, that's disproportionate to the revenue, and tell you have enough centers up and running. So its going to be a couple of years.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Thank you.
Kent Thiry: We will of course work very hard to provide analysis that allows you to gauge our progress, and not just force you to sit back and wait for years until the portfolio matures.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gary Taylor with Citi.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Hi, good afternoon. A few questions; one, I just wanted to follow-up on the California Duals -- maybe I am incorrect, but it was my understanding at LA County, the plans were enrolling to Dual eligibles already. So I would have thought, they would have had provider networks in place, but it doesn't sound like that's the case?
Kent Thiry: That is correct. The first phase of enrollment has begun. Again we are in active discussions with multiple plans and do hope to be able to participate in the program. We are not enrolling to-date, at this point.
Craig Samitt: And therefore the plans do have lives that they are accountable for, that they don't have organized networks for and people just keep on going to their existing provider, with whatever management the plan itself can overlay. But for them, its just highly imperfect, but pretty normal way to get something like this started.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: So there is no revenue, no operating loss -- income or loss expectations associated with this in the guidance or there is a little probability weighted something in there?
Craig Samitt: Right now, the premise is that, there is nothing big that's going to go on good or bad with Duals, and if we cut a deal that we think is material, we will get back to you the moment it happens.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Got you. On the other and corporate drag on the growth Kidney Care operating income, which typically runs $22 million, $26 million a quarter was actually zero this quarter and the gross Kidney Care operating income was down. Was there a reclass or was there some unusual benefit this quarter?
Kent Thiry: Would you just repeat the question please Gary, and then either Jim Hilger or Jim Gustafson can hopefully nail it for you.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: I am just looking, year-over-year, dialysis operating income a year ago, $408 million. You had $22 million of losses in other and corporate to take you through a net $386 million operating income. This quarter, the gross was $387 million, you had zero net other and corporate, to get a net $387 million. So its up $1 million year-over-year, but obviously the loss is from international ancillary and corporate were much lower than they typically are. So I didn't know if there was a reclass between those, or some unusual benefit in the other and corporate lines this quarter?
Kent Thiry: Jim [ph], can someone give a good answer?
James Hilger: The improvement is in DaVita RX and in international. Year-on-year the accounts are almost solved.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: And is that recurring?
Kent Thiry: Why don't, Gary, you give us a minute, because it just sends too much tentativeness in the answers. So give us a couple of minutes and we will get back to you.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay. So unrelated though, I mean, Kent, you characterized dialysis performance as strong. So the gross dialysis operating income was from $408 million a year ago, down to $387 million. How does that translate to strong --
Kent Thiry: Very fair, and by that standard it wasn't strong, relative to our guidance and our fears about what 2014 might look like. We actually feel -- on our side, we are feeling very-very good. But compared to the standard that you just set forth reasonably, you're right, you could then say it was just -- you could say whatever you want.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay. Last question, and maybe I will reveal my ignorance here. You said treatment days, down three days year-over-year, and I calculate weekdays the same and Saturdays the same. So was that weather related or am I just not understanding how you calculate treatment days?
James Gustafson: This is Jim Gustafson. That's sequential Gary from Q4 to Q1, not year-over-year.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay. That makes sense. Okay, that's all I had.
Kent Thiry: All right. Thank you. I will point out one, I think it was mentioned earlier in the call, but we did have a significant increase in some of our costs, including EPO, which is part of why you see the OI number on the dialysis side, that Gary you were talking about. Okay, operator.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Ransom with Raymond James.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Hi. I just want to demonstrate my grasp of the obvious. The deal in Pennsylvania, just to think about expectations for that division. You're probably going to have to do five to 10 of those deals and its probably going to take a couple of years, before we start seeing some material EBITDA from that strategy, is that a fair way to think about it and is that a reasonable pipeline?
Kent Thiry: Yes sir.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Yes on both?
Kent Thiry: Say again please?
John Ransom - Raymond James: Yes to both questions? So you need 5% to 10% or its going to take a couple of years?
Kent Thiry: Maybe better say both questions again, so I am not being -- I am not too cryptic.
John Ransom - Raymond James: No I am saying, it looks like it would take a couple of years by your own reckoning, and then may be you have to do, five to seven deals like this and a couple of years before you start to see some material EBITDA to the enterprise, is that a fair way to think about it, and is this the new template going forward?
Kent Thiry: Well, if we are successful, the Philadelphia joint venture could be of pretty serious size, just like healthcare partners in California and Florida and Nevada. And so, the numbers could be substantial, therefore, you don't have to do lots and lots of them, if you succeed and they grow at a nice steady pace. Having said that, we do want to do more than one. We do not think this will be the last time we use a model like this and in many other instances however, we will still be a majority owner. In this particular case, the payor had such a strong market position, and because of some other aspects of the agreement as well, 50-50 just seemed like the right thing to do.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Now the other question, you have a fairly small percentage of their MA lives in total. What's the trigger to get more than what you have? Or is it -- are you in the short term, or you just kind of limit these 300 primary care doctors, or is there a trigger to expand this beyond, what I'd call kind of a [indiscernible] to a broader relationship with their other MA lives?
Craig Samitt: John I am sorry, I missed the beginning of the question. Can you repeat that again?
John Ransom - Raymond James: Sure. I am sorry. You have a fairly small percentage of their MA lives. I am talking about the Blue Cross plan. What's the trigger to get a bigger percentage? Are you limited in the short term, that is the 300 docs?
Craig Samitt: We are beginning to venture with the 300 physicians. But the hope and expectation is that, we would expand the contracted network with Tandigm beyond the 300 physicians through this year and into next year as well. So our expectation is that, our membership of both MA and commercial will grow in this venture.
John Ransom - Raymond James: But its not -- you have to wait a year or you can grow it during the year, and next year there is something like -- we are going to try this for a year and see how it goes, and then we will extend it. So you can grow this as it happens?
Kent Thiry: There is no specific trigger, before we can expand this network.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Okay. Thank you.
Craig Samitt: But I will add you don't want to take too many lives, if they are being cared for by physicians who are not committed or positively interested in the new model. Okay, operator. Thank you.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Lisa Clive with Sanford Bernstein.
Lisa Clive - Sanford Bernstein: Hi. Just one question, going back to integrated care on the dialysis side. Your Village Health business has been going along for several years, and obviously with ESCO not quite exactly the way you want it. What should we think about for the outlook of integrated care on your non-Medicare fee-for-service patients?
Kent Thiry: The question is, what kind of growth can we expect on the Village Health side? Is there a reasonable care price?
Lisa Clive - Sanford Bernstein: Yeah. And maybe not specific growth, but sort of what are your long term plans there? Is there a way to move into integrated care, without the ESCO program, or is there -- how are you thinking about that clearly? DaVita RX is a big platform for you, but what else should we think about as opportunities there?
Kent Thiry: Village Health, we can grow it outside of the ESCO program. Not as cleanly and as aggressively as we could, if there was an attractive ESCO program. But yes, we can continue to nudge it along and push it along. In addition, one of Village Health's great benefits, is it adds value to our fee-for-service clients, who then can take that value into account, when we are negotiating dialysis rates. So just because we are not capitated or at risk with them, doesn't mean that they cannot appreciate the impact on quality in total costs, and how that reflected and monetized in part through conventional fee for service rates. But to the first part of your question, where we will continue to strive to grow Village Health everywhere, we can. It just won't be rapid without a government program that works.
Lisa Clive - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, great. And then maybe actually just one last question on the ESCO program itself. Under the current ESCO 2.0, it seems like the size is still pretty limited. Assuming you can get over your or you can reach an agreement with CMS on the few outstanding issues that you have, how many patients would you ideally like to enroll in this product program?
Kent Thiry: Oh, if we like the program, we like to take the whole program to ourselves. I think they are putting a cap of 15,000 or 20,000 and of course, they would never allocate more than X percent to us, and we would take that in a second and double it if we could, if we just get a couple of changes.
Lisa Clive - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thanks very much.
Kent Thiry: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And we do have one question that just queued up, Whit Mayo with Robert Baird. Your line is open.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: Thanks for squeezing me in. You guys gave the OI for the legacy HCP markets, but can you also share the revenue and how margins would have compared versus the prior year?
Kent Thiry: We can't do it spontaneously, and we will think about doing it for the next call, let us sort that out. We want to make sure there is reasonable boundaries on how much market specific stuff we talk about; because in general, its not in your best interest for us to go to deep market-by-market. We violated our normal policy, because we felt we had to do it in order to be responsible in discussing our current performance to you. But I am not at all sure we are going to want to go, where you're going.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: No I can appreciate that. But I guess may be directionally, can you confirm that margins were higher this year versus the prior year? Anything to kind of point us in the right direction without divulging too much specific data?
Kent Thiry: I think not, and let us just reflect after the call, and if I am making the wrong game time [ph] decision, Jim and Garry will correct it.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird: No, that's fair. Thanks a lot.
Kent Thiry: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, we show no further questions.
Kent Thiry: All right. Thank you all very much. We will -- wait a minute, we have some breaking information.
James Gustafson: Just wanted to respond to Gary's question. Gary the answer to your question is, we had better overall results in our ancillary businesses, which includes international. And the management -- the corporate charges were down, because we are allocating corporate costs among our various operated segments. And that is a change on the corporate charges.
Kent Thiry: Okay. So hopefully Gary, that took care of that one, and our early answer we apologize was misleading. So I am glad we are able to correct it quickly, and thank you all very much for your interest in us. We will do our best to do what we said we were going to do going forward. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-11 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - Vice President of Investor Relations Kent J. Thiry - Co-Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Robert J. Margolis - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Garry E. Menzel - Chief Financial Officer Craig E. Samitt - President of Healthcare Partners Division James K. Hilger - Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller
Analysts: Bo Brandt - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Margaret Kaczor - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good evening. My name is Chris, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the DaVita HealthCare Partners Fourth Quarter 2013 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Jim Gustafson, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, Chris, and welcome everyone to our fourth quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations; and with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Bob Margolis, CEO of HealthCare Partners; Craig Samitt, President of HealthCare Partners; Garry Menzel, our CFO; Jim Hilger, our Chief Accounting Officer; LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. I'd like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statements. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and annual report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Thank you, Jim. We had solid clinical and operating performance in the fourth quarter. I'll cover 4 topics: clinical performance, operating performance, an update on our government settlement and our outlook. First, clinical outcomes, which we always present first, because that is what comes first. We are, first and foremost, a caregiving company. On the DaVita Kidney Care side, we serve approximately 163,000 dialysis patients in America, about 1 out of every 3. On the adequacy front, 98% of our hemo patients had a Kt/V greater than 1.2. On vascular access front, 72% of our patients have fistulas; and 2013 was our best year ever in catheter rates with about 13% of our patients only using catheters. With respect to clinical metrics for HealthCare Partners, MA plans are benchmarked against national clinical outcome measures from the Healthcare Effectiveness Data Information Set, commonly called HEDIS. In the last 2 quarters, we discussed our 2012 performance in California and Florida. This quarter, we'll compare our results in Nevada, our third legacy market to that national data from Medicare HMO patients. Our Nevada MA patients once again scored near the top across a wide variety of metrics, including being above the 75th percentile with respect to the percentage of patients screened for colorectal cancer and the percentage of diabetics with LDL less than 100 and being right underneath the 75th percentile, at 74%, in terms of female patients screened for breast cancer during the measurement period. So you can see, for these clinical outcomes across both Kidney Care and HealthCare Partners, our outcomes compare very favorably to national averages and this quality care results, not only in healthier patients, but higher patient satisfaction and substantial taxpayer savings. Next, I'll move on to operating performance. Of course, we report on the 2 major components of the enterprise: Kidney Care on the one hand, HealthCare Partners on the other. Kidney Care 2013 adjusted OI, $1.513 billion; and HealthCare Partners 2013 OI, $385 million. Both of those in line with our most recent guidance for 2013. Dialysis G&A in the fourth quarter included $8.5 million in dialysis center level impairments. This was required by Medicare rebasing, which requires us to impair certain assets that were no longer -- no longer had any hopes for being profitable. In addition to this impairment, it looks like we will be closing some centers. As most of you know, we carry quite a few money-losing centers but there does have to be some limit; and with the breadth and depth of the Medicare cuts, both incurred and contemplated, we simply have no choice in markets where there aren't enough private patients to subsidize the federal government with respect to the Medicare patients. Next, on to our settlement with the government. As most of you saw today in our press release, we have agreed to a framework for a global resolution with the government. We are pleased to have this framework in place. And the final settlement remains subject to negotiating specific terms, but we do anticipate it will be finalized in the coming months as they do. The settlement amount is the same as we have talked about in the past. In addition, we will unwind a limited number of joint ventures and face some other business restrictions. Gary will describe those in more detail in his section. But we repeat, we are pleased to have this framework in place and think you should be as well. Finally, our outlook. We are updating our 2014 operating income guidance. We now expect Kidney Care OI to be between $1.475 billion and $1.550 billion. This is an increase of $50 million at the bottom end and $10 million at the top end. The primary driver of this change is the slower rollout of exchanges and so that will create less rate headwind for us, we think. Over the long term, we still see more downside than upside in the exchanges. On the HCP front, guidance remains unchanged at $250 million to $310 million, but we are now more likely to be at the lower end of that guidance range than we are to be in the middle or higher end. The primary driver of that new reality is the New Mexico merger of the Lovelace-Blue Cross Blue Shield combination that, that approval by the government has been delayed and that has a negative effect on our economics. Our outlook is unchanged in the 3 HCP legacy geographies. And in general, the guidance excludes the potential impact of entering new geographies, which, depending on the type and structure of new marketing entries, could either be a positive contributor or a negative contributor to OI, depending on the nature of the beast. As always, our guidance captures a majority of the probabilistic outcomes, but not all and the actual outcome could be higher or lower. An additional thought on HCP is that we have had some positive signs in our open enrollment. We're looking at mid- to high-single-digit growth in our major geographies, which is good news directionally although, of course, we need to prove that over the next 1 or 2 or 3 years, that we can improve the care of those patients such that we capture, not only the clinical benefits for our patients, but the economic benefits for our shareholders. I'd like to now turn the mic over to Dr. Bob Margolis.
Robert J. Margolis: Thank you, Kent. Good afternoon. I've had just the great honor and privilege to lead HCP for almost 40 years. But as has been previously announced, I'll be stepping down as of March 1 and my role will be handed over to Dr. Craig Samitt. Craig's been learning, listening hard, orienting, leading the HCP teammates in all of our markets for close to 6 months now and we are now ready to proceed with this planned transition, as I say, on March 1. Craig has an enormous background in both M.D. training and business training, a great commitment to our clinical leadership culture necessary to move HCP to even greater heights. And I personally look forward to supporting him in my new role as a strategic adviser to the company, as I remain actively involved, especially in growth initiatives, as well as remaining Co-Chairman of the board of DaVita HealthCare Partners. I'll now turn it over to Garry Menzel, our CFO, for more detail on the numbers.
Garry E. Menzel: Thank you, Bob. First, some additional comments on our Kidney Care operating metrics. Non-acquired growth in the quarter was 5.2% when normalized for days of the week. Kidney Care adjusted operating income was $386 million, which was flat sequentially to the fourth quarter as U.S. dialysis revenue per treatment, dialysis patient care costs and G&A were all in line with the prior quarter. During the quarter, we experienced $11 million in international losses, slightly higher than our expectations. As previously communicated, we expect international losses in 2014 to be around $25 million, excluding any ramp-up costs for new government tenders. Next, we know some of the questions you no doubt have on the government settlement, so we will now ask and answer them proactively. Question: What does it mean to unwind a joint venture? Answer: It means that we will have to buy out or sell to our joint venture partner at fair market value. In most cases, we would anticipate being the purchaser. Question: How many joint ventures have we agreed to unwind? Answer: Most likely 11 transactions containing 28 centers. Nothing is remarkably different about the size or operations of these centers. Question: Were there any allegations relating to quality of patient care? Answer: No. Question: Is our business model reliant on joint ventures? Answer: No. More than 70% of our centers are wholly owned. Question: Will we still be able to do joint ventures that are not partial divestitures? Answer: Yes. And we look forward to working collaboratively with the government to ensure we are doing joint ventures in a way in which the government is comfortable. Next, HealthCare Partners. HCP operating income was also flat sequentially in the fourth quarter at $98 million. For the overall enterprise, our debt expense was $108 million in the fourth quarter. The effective tax rate was 39% in the quarter, although we expect this to be in the range of 40% to 41% for 2014. I would also like to provide a few reminders as you model the normal seasonality for the first quarter of 2014 in our business. In Kidney Care, the first quarter of 2014 contains 3 fewer treatment days than this past quarter, so you should expect lower revenues and higher fixed cost per treatment. Also, our payroll tax cuts reset at the beginning of the year, which leads to higher cost of approximately $1 to $1.50 per treatment. At HCP, the severity of a flu season can have a material impact on medical costs. Finally, turning to cash flow. Operating cash flow in the quarter was solid at $354 million and operating cash flow for the year was particularly strong at $1.77 billion. The strong cash flow in 2013 was due in part to favorable working capital, which borrowed from 2014. We have initiated operating cash flow guidance for 2014. This coming year, we expect operating cash flow to be between $1.45 billion and $1.55 billion, excluding any payments associated with the government settlement. With that, operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matthew Borsch from Goldman Sachs.
Bo Brandt - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is Bo Brandt on for Matt. Just had a question on HCP. And I was wondering how you are positioning yourself with payors to handle the potential rate update in 1.5 weeks?
Craig E. Samitt: This is Craig Samitt. Afternoon, everyone. We are certainly waiting for feedback from the government regarding the impact of rates in 2015. As we discussed in December, we've been renegotiating contract terms that provide us greater protections and inputs in plan design. We've renegotiated a contract with a large payor partner in one of our legacy markets that provides us new protections in 3 dimensions: first, in the event that benefits are increased, revenue to HCP will be increased by an independently determined value of the enhanced benefit. Second, in the event that benefits are decreased, we and the payor will seek to mutually agree on any reductions of revenue to HCP. And third, in the event that there is a material change in CMS funding or funding structure, HCP will have a 90-day notice period to drive a renegotiation of the revenue terms with the payor prior to arbitration. The third scenario is more in line with the circumstance that we faced in 2014 in terms of rates and benefit preservation. And so this is where we find our efforts in renegotiating contract terms with payors going into 2015.
Kent J. Thiry: But Matthew, let me hasten to add, that is an example of the type of work we will do going forward. We still have a number of legacy contracts that do not have those provisions and exactly what we do and what the payors do if and when there are additional rate cuts is unclear and will be determined out in the marketplace.
Bo Brandt - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And just looking at sort of the 2014 HCP guidance and you mentioned how it will tend to be towards the lower end, is that based off of uncertainty around these -- the 2014 preliminary rates? Or have you sort of seen, sort of have a view into 2014 as to what's driving that?
Kent J. Thiry: No. Brian, the change in our perspective on '14 is almost entirely driven by the fact that the FTC has been slow on approving merger to plans in that market and some of our new contractual provisions are not triggered until that deal is consummated. That's why there's the adjustment in our thoughts on '14.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich from Deutsche Bank.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a few things here. First, just given that you received the restricted Knox-Keene license status from California, should we expect to see some of your California business get recorded as full risk on the P&L this year?
Kent J. Thiry: Short answer is yes. But moving things over -- moving the contracts over takes time and so we can't give you a specific schedule. But over time, some of that will happen. Is that right, Jim?
James K. Hilger: That's right. And Darren, the net is that there won't be a bottom line impact. It is simply a revenue impact of moving from a net to gross booking for some of that revenue.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, but didn't you share in the risk with other parties, such that when you take full risk, the economics might, over time, be different? Just want to clarify that, Jim.
Kent J. Thiry: No. There's no change. We've always managed comprehensive populations in a comprehensive way. All that's changing here is how it gets accounted for.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. Okay, that's helpful. And then, wanted to also just ask about the duals opportunity and you've discussed it a lot. We're starting to see a little bit more in terms of the development around plan announcements. Do you still see your plan relationships and market share as positioning you well in California around the duals? And anything to add just based on some of this recent activity?
Kent J. Thiry: It's a moving target. As you probably know, if you've been following the releases, LA County, which is the biggest opportunity as far as numbers in dual has now announced the additions of 3 new plans. We have excellent relationships with those 2, not with CareMore. The revenue associated with the duals has not been formalized and so everybody continues to look at it as an opportunity if the revenue matches the risk. But at this point, it's hard to predict that.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And just based on what you're hearing about plan pricing, do you think it'll be good enough to manage the population effectively?
Kent J. Thiry: We hope so. And we are certainly in active discussions with all of the relevant health plans. You may have also noted that in Orange County, they've delayed the rollout of the duals, so this will be an LA County-specific issue with those several plans that were announced.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake from JPMorgan.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question, I just want to follow up on the Medicare Advantage commentary. I appreciate all the detail. What -- if you kind of think of about a target for -- if the bids go in for 2015 in June, Craig, what's your target there in terms of these new contractual arrangements? What percentage of members would be on those arrangements if -- in a reasonable view?
Craig E. Samitt: Well, in terms of the renegotiation of the contracts that KT and I have referenced...
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes.
Craig E. Samitt: Right now, the renegotiated contract that I referenced represents a minor subset of our overall MA population. And we will grow from there over the course of the coming years as we renegotiate the contracts.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Is there a number that, in terms of -- is 20% of members reasonable to think of on these types of contracts going into 2015 or it's just too early?
Kent J. Thiry: I think this is a little bit like as we move to bundling in the Kidney Care side, Justin, where -- I don't think it's in your best interest for us to provide quarterly updates on what percent of the contacted book falls into what categories. So suffice it to say, we're working the issue, as we pledged to you we would. And I think you'll just have to accept the fact it's incorporated into our guidance beyond that, at least for now.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And on the economic side, clearly, these are going to be a mitigator to some of the headwind. Any way to think about how much so relative to the headwind you're facing in 2014 when you didn't have these?
Kent J. Thiry: Say the question again, please, Justin?
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Sure. So if I do some back-of-the-envelope math, it looks like you've got a few 100-basis-point headwind in Medicare Advantage margins in HealthCare Partners this year, given the rate environment. So if we just kind of look out to 2015 and say, "Okay, that rate environment is going to be similar," how much would these -- would the margins -- how much better would the margins look under these types of contracts? Just trying to understand in terms of how much you think the offset would be. Do you think margins will be flat in these types of contracts and you would get to a reasonable outcome, or down less but still down?
Kent J. Thiry: The -- it's a fair question and we are not prepared to answer that right now. So let us just play with that, Justin, and see if that's something we want to be talking about so publicly next quarter. And it won't be in the end, of course, an analytically precise number because of some of the specific variables in some of the contracts. But I hear what you're saying that with -- if we had more of what we have now with respect to that contract, how much would that mitigate. I hear the question and right now, you know it's in a minority of our contracts and so you can take that as a directional answer. And beyond that, let's wait until next quarter.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just a couple of quickies. One, the -- on the exchanges, you talked about that being less of a headwind because there's less membership there, totally understandable. But have you seen any evidence of the membership that is on the exchanges yet, having an impact on rates or where the choice of dialysis center for these patients and these exchange products?
Kent J. Thiry: As to rates, we know that we only agreed to our normal commercial rates with respect to any exchanges. At least I don't know of any exceptions to that and so if there are any, it would be very minor but it could be literally 0. We know of other people who make the same statements. We don't know where some of these patients are going to be taken care of. Some of these narrow networks do not have quality dialysis providers in them. And we have not noticed any material outflow of patients from our centers. But it's so early in the year and we don't get data from every center right away. And so, I think we have to wait a couple more months before we can comment more analytically on your question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I was wondering if you just had a sense of where your physician competitors are operating from a margin perspective, either when you do due diligence on a potential acquisition or just industry kind of information, how you think about HCP's margins and how they stack up versus the peers?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I think we have limited insight into a lot of the other groups out there. So it'd be a pretty speculative answer and I think, therefore, probably not that valuable to you. I don't know, Bob, can you offer anything more definitive than that?
Robert J. Margolis: I think that's a complete answer. We do a lot of M&A due diligence and many groups are struggling, especially with the MA cut. And it's an opportunity for us when it comes to consolidation and growth.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes. I mean -- and that kind of gets to the point of my question. I guess, like when we normally evaluate a health care provider, we kind of say, "Well, what are the industry margins?" Where can Medicare rates go from a floor perspective because they can't go to a point where they push a large sum of the providers into real crisis mode? And so I was just trying to get a sense of whether the peer margins -- because the way I understand how you thought about 2014, originally, the thought was MCOs won't be able to -- will cut benefits rather than pass the cuts on to you. And then as the year went on, you realized that they were not cutting benefits and that since your peers were taking the rate cut passed through to them, you'd kind of had to follow suit and I was just wondering whether we're getting to a point in 2015 where the peer margins are getting to a point where they really can't afford to take another rate cut the size that they took this year and that maybe your margins were better than the peers and that was going to be a sustainable point. I don't know if you have any sense of that. It sounds like, to some degree, you see that happening now, at least some of your competitor that you're evaluating it for as deals go are reaching that point. I just wasn't sure if you had a sense of where we are in that cycle.
Robert J. Margolis: Clearly, last year, we thought that the health plans would trade some growth for margin. They didn't. There's a lot of belief that they may this year, but I don't think we're ready to speculate based on our experience last year. But there's no question that the pressure on physician groups with the revenue cuts is, in some cases, going to put them in a position where they have to do something to survive.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then the protection, as you mentioned in that one contract, that's very helpful. Are these protections that you found to be somewhat standard from other practices and you're playing catch-up to that? Or are you kind of leading the way in trying to get these things to become more standard with industry practice?
Robert J. Margolis: One thing you can say about us is we learn. And so we are leading the way in what we believe is an unusual rate environment. Recognized that the last couple of years of parity and rough rescaling is a new environment compared to the many years ahead of before that. So this kind of issue was not raised frequently in contract discussions. And I'd say we are smarter now than we were a year ago and we're making good progress.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then last question for me. Just going back to the other question within Knox-Keene license, if that doesn't really help your profitability overall, what was the strategic rationale for getting a license?
Kent J. Thiry: I think, from a -- just working with the government point of view, that enough government folks preferred us to take that path. And in general, we like to work as collaboratively as possible with all government agencies. And so that was the primary motivator.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But it's not like a step towards integrated care or ACOs or anything else like that. It was just kind of to continue what you've always been doing?
Kent J. Thiry: I think on a secondary basis, it does, in some cases, create some more flexibility for doing different types of business. Although, in all of those cases, we could have entered into shared savings relationships of the same type that we had in Southern California before we did the Knox-Keene. And so it was not essential, but it will make some of those other things easier. Are those the words that would use, too, Bob?
Robert J. Margolis: Yes. I think that's -- that will give us greater flexibility.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich from Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just a couple of questions, first on HCP. Kent, I was wondering if you could give us an update on your outlook for acquisitions. I guess, dependent upon what the -- how the rates look when they come out for 2015, do you think that's going to accelerate the pace of deals that you'll get done?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. It's a fair question, Kevin. But you know as well as we do, it is so hard to predict what deals are going to come out and with what pricing expectations, what your competitors are going to do. So it is logical to think that there might be some increase in M&A activity because of the squeeze going on economically. But boy, there's so many variables that I would be really hesitant to throw anything into a model.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Sure. And then does the settlement, that -- the $389 million that you guys have reserved, does that change how much you're willing to spend on deals in the next 1 to 2 years? Or I guess, how does that play into the equation?
Kent J. Thiry: The short answer is no. The types of joint ventures that are the focus of the settlement with the government are not a material part of our past nor our future and not a big part of the industry overall. And so it really has no impact on our or anybody else's acquisition thinking, would be my guess.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. You said that you'll unwind 11 JVs. How many will you have remaining after you unwind those?
Kent J. Thiry: I don't think we've ever disclosed that publicly. But suffice it to say, it's a small percentage.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then last question on the dialysis side. Just wondering if, looking at your cost structure, from supplies and other expenses, is there anything in the next 1 to 2 years that you can call out or think -- help us out with that, that could help you reduce that?
Kent J. Thiry: I would just say on both sides of the house when reimbursement gets cut, you got to look for savings and the notion of finding 0 just doesn't feel like a high-performing organization. And so while we, on both sides of the house, feel quite good about our economic prudence in the past, we will be looking at everything again with the fresh perspective that's forced by reimbursement cuts. But there's nothing -- there's no big straightforward lever to pull that we've been just sitting around not pulling before.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman from Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: If I could follow up on that last comment, Kent, about the cost containment. How do you feel HCP's talked about some of what you'll be doing in face of the rate cuts to try cut costs and how would you characterize where you are in that process?
Kent J. Thiry: I think the answer would be disappointing. We don't have anything dramatic to say. We haven't had any stunning insights and the numbers that we have come up with are incorporated into our guidance. And beyond that, nothing noteworthy enough to mention. Is that -- am I answering the question, or did I blow it?
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: No, I think that's an answer. Maybe another question. You mentioned closing of some dialysis centers. Could you give us any kind of data, either number of centers or amount of revenue or EBITDA impact?
Kent J. Thiry: We haven't decided yet. And it's a, as you might guess and as many of you know, for us, an incredibly painful decision. There's a reason we carry a lot of money-losing centers, not counting de novo centers, which, of course, you expect to lose money for a while. And that is that we were a successful enterprise. We love taking care of our patients. And the notion of closing centers where we're taking care of people is just not what we're about. At the same time, there have to be limits and if the government is going to cut rates as they have and as they're contemplating, doing nothing is just not appropriate, although anything we would do would always be in careful collaboration with other people in the local market in order to maintain continuity of care. So we can't give a number right now because we haven't decided and we're agonizing as we look. But we felt it was important to let you know that the number wasn't going to be 0.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Would it be reasonable to assume that there would not be much EBITDA impact, if any?
Kent J. Thiry: Correct.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe my final question, in terms of unwinding some of the joint ventures. Does that potentially have any impact on the medical directors at those centers, or how do you manage that?
Kent J. Thiry: Could you ask that question again, please?
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: As you unwind some of the joint ventures, could that potentially impact any of the medical directors that you have at those centers? And so could it be any kind of operational issue for you?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, I appreciate it. The short answer, yes, it could. But it's unlikely that most of the relevant transactions were with groups with whom we have larger and multifaceted relationships and, therefore, not expected to change. And even in the couple of cases where it might be a smaller relationship, in most of those instances it shouldn't make a difference either. As someone mentioned earlier, over 70% of our centers already are wholly owned. And so it's not that us owning 100% or something is somehow a destabilizing element. For the most part. Of course, there could be an exception or 2, but not the rule.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan from RBC Capital Markets.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: On the subject of those JVs, could you describe to us exactly what is the characteristic of the JVs that you're having to unwind? What is it the government doesn't like versus the other JVs you have where there's no problem?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. And let me first go backwards a moment because someone asked a few moments ago how many JVs we have. And that's not something we've disclosed before. But we have disclosed the percent of our revenue that comes from JVs and that's right in the ballpark of 21%. So from that, you can pretty well infer how many there are out there and be in the right strategic ballpark. The type of JVs that we're focused on are JVs where we did a partial divestiture, which is to say that we owned 100% and then sold a percentage of that -- a minority percentage of that 100% to local nephrologists.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Versus your other ones, you're just -- these are new partnerships and so it's just that simple?
Kent J. Thiry: It's pretty much that simple. And because we are in the process of finalizing all aspects of the agreement, I just don't think it's a good idea to start parsing things any further. So I think we'll leave it at that for today.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's fair. In terms of the kidney side of the business, the operating income guidance going up here, would you characterize that as more top line driven or is this more something you got on the expense side?
Kent J. Thiry: It's more top line driven because of the lower enrollment in the exchanges.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So more a function of pricing. And then in terms of external growth, obviously, you did a few acquisitions this year in the U.S. and internationally, as well as some de novos. What's -- what are you embedding in your guidance for 2014 on the subject of either de novos or acquisitions?
Kent J. Thiry: I don't think we've broken that out. Suffice it to say, we anticipate doing more acquisitions. Whether it will be a little more, a little less than the prior year, impossible to predict. Could there be a significant dropoff in acquisitions? Maybe. Just don't know, too early in the year. Could there be a significant increase in acquisitions on the Kidney Care side? That's unlikely. There's nothing out there that would provoke that. On the de novo front, we once again expect to have a robust year of building de novos in areas where there's enough private patients to subsidize the federal government, but we don't go beyond that and give a specific number. It's always a little hard to nail down.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And then the last one and I'll hop. The operating income being up nicely, your cash flow from ops down, you highlighted the one item on just timing of working capital. Is there anything else that would cause that disparity?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, the change in working capital was one of the major drivers. Was anything else noteworthy that we should mention, Jim or Jim?
James K. Hilger: Yes. This is Jim Hilger. We've had some tax preference items in 2013 that won't be reported -- or repeated in '14, accelerated depreciation being the most notable one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Margaret Kaczor from William Blair.
Margaret Kaczor - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: First, just to get back to exchanges. How many exchanges have you guys decided to participate in versus not participate? And kind of what drove that decision? Was it pricing or was it something else?
Kent J. Thiry: I don't know the number and I don't know that we've tracked. Because in general, any exchange that's willing to pay our normal commercial rates, we sign up for; and those that don't, we don't. So it's been a pretty simple decision filter and I don't know that anybody's added them up.
Margaret Kaczor - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Do you know if anyone actually accepted the kind of the lower rate contracts or any of the private guys or kind of the smaller guys?
Kent J. Thiry: I'm sure that some people have and we have no way of knowing how many. But given we're all in the same situation where the 10% of our patients that are private subsidize the 90% that are government, there are limits to how much of that you can do before you put your entire survival at risk. So I'm sure the answer is yes and only time will tell how many it was.
Margaret Kaczor - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then could you guys talk a little bit more about HCP acquisition targets. In the past, you've kind of talked about kind of a 2- to 3-year time horizon as the result starts to materialize. Is that still accurate? And then also, can you talk about the acquisition candidates that you've done diligence on? How many was that? Why wouldn't things pan out there? Or is it just you guys are overloaded right now in the Q, with people interested in acquiring -- in getting acquired?
Kent J. Thiry: Let me take a quick stab and we'll see then if Craig or Bob want to amend. With respect to organic growth in patient numbers, that's where there's a time lag as we work to familiarize ourselves to the patient's condition and provide coordinated care and, as we succeed in doing so, bringing down the cost of that care through better health. So that's one of the references to the 2- and 3-year time frame that you mentioned. When we buy something, if, in fact, it has a mature Medicare Advantage population that it's been working with, then there could be profits immediately and, of course, we would be paying a multiple for that. And then as to the pipeline of M&A opportunities, it is -- there is one. It is so impossible to predict with any accuracy which organizations will, in fact, decide to sell and whether or not we'll be the winning bidder that helping you do a better job of forecasting is unfortunately not something we're able to do. And we've also mentioned in the past how we had to build a business development capability pretty much from scratch with respect to new markets, that we were necessarily going to be a little awkward and slow in the early going and we're making some good progress. But that certainly has slowed us down. Have I covered it, Margaret?
Margaret Kaczor - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Yes. So I guess, the acquisitions that maybe did or did not pan out, it doesn't sound like that was big number maybe. But those that maybe didn't have a higher price premium than you guys were willing to pay, did those go to hospitals largely? Or what other players, insurers?
Kent J. Thiry: On the ones we've lost that are of size, I can think of a couple, maybe 3. 2 went to payors and 1 went to a health system, a hospital health system. So and that I worry that, that "n" is so small that could be misleading. But that is the factual answer to your question of the 3 that I can think of offhand.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Clive from Sanford Bernstein.
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Three questions. First, on the dialysis business. Integrated care, obviously, the rate cut slowed down the progress of the development of the ESCO program and potentially changed the decision around participating. Can you give us an update on where you stand with Medicare on this? And can you give us any insight into how Medicare is thinking about the size and duration of the program? And then second question, if a new ESA enters the market this year, is it safe to assume, given that you signed a pretty long-term contract with Amgen, that, that allows for some sort of automatic price step-down? And how should we think about the potential impact on your cost structure from any changes in the ESA competitive landscape?
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. On ESCOs, we do not know when CMS will come out with the version 2 or version 3, depending on how you're counting. And we still have high hopes because we know they want to do it and we know that we and other providers can improve quality significantly and dramatically and transparently while, at the same time, saving literally billions of dollars. So we're incredibly enthusiastic about it but just don't know when the next version will come out. The good news is that there's more and more recognition to the fact that this type of integrated care is the answer. And then on ESAs, I have to admit, I did not get a refresher on the stipulations in our contract as to what we can disclose and what we cannot. And so on any kind of auto step-down in price and the other issues you mentioned, we just, I think, are not allowed to disclose.
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And a final question, given the Medicare rate cut that went through spread out over 4 years, are you seeing any increase in activity of small providers who are interested in selling themselves, given the headwinds they're facing now?
Kent J. Thiry: Not anything significant yet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor from Citigroup.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I had a couple of questions, but I guess I wanted to come back to this ESA question. Because I thought, Kent, you had publicly pretty firmly said before that there was no automatic sort of price step-down in the long-term contract with Amgen.
Kent J. Thiry: If I'd said it before, then it was true and is still true. But I just couldn't remember offhand the terms of the contract and what we had been allowed to disclose or not and we just didn't do a refresher on that one leading into this call and so we had to err on the side of being safe. But if it was disclosed before, it must have been true and if it was true, it still is true.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. On HCP for the duals in California that we're talking about earlier, is there anything explicitly in the 2014 guidance in terms of revenue or operating income contribution in '14?
Kent J. Thiry: Answer is no. It's 0.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And which -- there was a quick discussion kind of where the rates are shaking out, so forth. Is that a program where strategically you'd be willing to absorb losses initially to be involved in the rollout of that program?
Kent J. Thiry: Only if we thought the program was stable enough and long term enough that we could get our shareholders a return on the capital that we were investing. What is so often the case is that if you take that risk upfront and succeed right at the point that you might be expecting to earn the fruits of your labor, the rules change and, therefore, you're not allowed the return what you invested to get. So you got to be awfully cautious on that sort of thing and, therefore, can't answer with a definitive yes or no.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Last question. At the Investor Day, Kent, I believe you said if you saw a similar Medicare Advantage cut in 2015, HCP's operating income would be down or you might have said likely would be down again, I believe. Is there enough happening in terms of these renegotiated MA contracts that you talked about a little bit today, that you'd want to revise that outlook? Or would you still stick to that?
Kent J. Thiry: I absolutely stick to what was said at the capital markets, that if we get hit with the rate decreases, OI will be down.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo from Robert Baird.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just had a couple of quick ones. And you've referenced 2014 being an investment year for HCP, I think on this call and also at the Capital Markets Day. And I think I heard you referenced business development earlier as an area that you were particularly focused on now. But is there anything specifically to call out at this point in time in terms of systems or other capabilities that you've identified as a priority going forward?
Craig E. Samitt: This is Craig again. Our primary focus for investment, thus far in 2014, has been in the business development and integration arena. So we've added resources with the business development team. We're leveraging our legacy HealthCare Partners and DaVita expertise in existing and new markets. And we're laying the groundwork for successful post-acquisition integration. So that's where a majority of our resources are thus far. In terms of your question about other systems and processes, I would say that we're in the evaluation phase of each of those to determine if additional investment should be made in technologies or processes that would further enhance our capabilities in the future. Does that answer your question?
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, it does. But I mean, can you be maybe a little bit more specific about what those capabilities are? I mean, is it actuarial capabilities? I mean, I didn't know if you'd be willing to comment a little bit further.
Craig E. Samitt: There are no particular capabilities that I would call out at this point. I think we're looking at broad-based opportunities for improvement.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And my last question just relates to buybacks. You hit the pause button on that a while ago and it might just be helpful to hear your latest thoughts on what -- where the internal discussion is around rethinking share repurchase at this point.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. Our thinking on share buybacks and just in general, our capital deployment is as robust as ever. And over the last 14 years, as some of you can attest, we've been active along the entire spectrum of having a higher leverage ratio, having a lower leverage ratio; doing a lot of buybacks, doing no buybacks; spending a lot of money on acquisitions, spending no money on acquisitions. And so we look at that full spectrum every single quarter. And of course, with respect to share buybacks, we look at what our alternative uses of capital are, what our current valuation is, what are the risk dynamics as you look out in the near and intermediate term. And so we play with it all the time. And right now, we don't have anything interesting to say about any conclusions in that realm.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There are no further questions at this time.
Jim Gustafson: All right. Thanks, everyone, for your interest in DaVita HealthCare Partners; and we will do our best on your behalf between now and 3 months from now. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - Vice President of Investor Relations Kent J. Thiry - Co-Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer James K. Hilger - Interim Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller Matthew Mazdyasni - Chief Financial & Administrative Officer and Executive Vice President Robert J. Margolis - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Ryan, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita HealthCare Partners Q3 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn our call over to Jim Gustafson. You may begin.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, Ryan, and welcome, everyone, to our Third Quarter Conference Call. We appreciate your continued interest in the company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. And with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Bob Margolis, the CEO of HealthCare Partners; Matthew Mazdyasni, HealthCare Partners' Executive Vice President and CFO; Jim Hilger, our Chief Accounting Officer and interim CFO; and Garry Menzel, our incoming CFO; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. I'd like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statements. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meanings of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and annual report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry: Thanks, Jim, and welcome to everyone. This quarter, we performed consistent with our overall enterprise guidance for 2013, in fact, near the high end of the range that consisted of continued solid performance in our kidney care business and HealthCare Partners performing at the lower end of the guidance range. On a separate subject, we continue to generate strong aggregate cash flows. While this quarter was unusually strong and therefore should not be extrapolated from, our trailing 12-month operating cash flow is representable and is $1.6 billion, or has been $1.6 billion. I'll discuss 5 topics: Clinical performance, HealthCare Partners' performance, public policy update, an update on our legal issues and then the outlook. Now first, as always, our clinical outcomes, because we are first and foremost a caregiving company, we now serve in kidney care approximately 161,000 dialysis patients in the U.S. alone, about 1 out of every 3 in America. With respect to adequacy, 98% of our hemodialysis patients had a Kt/V that would be greater than 1.2. With respect to vascular access, 72% of our patients have fistulas. And our 2012 patient gross mortality rate was down to 13.9%, a drop of 9% over the prior year, and you can do the math and see how many human beings that kind of drop affects. And in fact, our gross mortality rate has now dropped 27% or so over the last 12 years, both a big number cumulatively but particularly impressive number recently. Our patient outcomes continue to compare very favorably across the board to national averages, which also means we're setting [ph] money for payers and taxpayers. With respect to clinical metrics for HealthCare Partners. Medicare Advantage plans are benchmarked against the HEDIS measures, as many of you know. Last quarter, we talked a little bit about our 2012 performance in California at HCP. This quarter, we'll compare our results in Florida to that same national data for Medicare HMO patients. And our MA patients in Florida, once again, scored near the top across a wide variety of metrics, I'll just cite a couple. We were above the 75th percentile with respect to screening for colorectal cancer and diabetic LDL numbers. In the first case, 72% of patients being screened, and the second, 61%. And then we're above the 90th percentile with respect to female patients being screened for breast cancer with 85%. So these and other clinical outcomes at HealthCare Partners continue to compare very favorably to national averages. And once again, not only result in better clinical outcomes, but also higher patient satisfaction, higher physician satisfaction and savings. Also HealthCare Partners in California was named the top performing medical group for the 10th consecutive year by a reputable Integrated Healthcare Association. Next, I'll turn to HealthCare Partners operating performance. It did improve $17 million sequentially, as you, no doubt, have already noted. It's due primarily to an annual Q3 premium reconciliation for our MA members, secondarily, from increased patient volume from acquisitions and same market growth. As our Medicare capitated member months were up 5% over the prior quarter. One specific aspect of this growth was our acquisition of Arizona Integrated Physicians, a leading IPA network in Arizona with over 700 physicians that currently provide integrated care to approximately 20,000 MA patients in Arizona. And as many of you will recall, this is our second step following our partnership with SCAN, a plan, where we began providing integrated care to 13,000 MA patients earlier in the year. And in this market, we look forward to working collaboratively with local hospitals to do good work for those patients and payers. Next onto public policy. The government has announced that they are reopening the ESCO application process, that's the kidney care integrated care pilot process. And so we want to offer our heartfelt applause to CMS and CMMI for doing that, and we are eager, eager, eager to work with them to find a way to make that program work. As many of you know, we have demonstrated how this model can work. And in fact, our Special Needs Plan in California received a 92% patient satisfaction rating, which was the highest among all Special Needs Plans in California. So it's not only working clinically, it's not only working economically, but it's generating an unusual and distinctive patient satisfaction score. In kidney care, we do expect the final 2014 Medicare reimbursement rates to come out later this month. I want to remind you that if there are significant cuts, we will be forced to close a number of centers. We will do this in a responsible way, of course, to ensure continuity of care for our patients. But these changes could impact our treatment growth numbers year-over-year in the way that you would expect. In addition to the Medicare cuts that may happen, we also have potential hits due to increased commercial rate pressure and the potential impact of the exchanges, and so we will be looking to do some expense pruning wherever we can, although we cannot put a number on that at this time. Next, an update on our investigations and lawsuits. Based on our continuing settlement discussions with the government, we have increased the legal contingency reserve for the physician relationship investigations by $97 million. This, of course, reflects our current assessment. To be clear, we're seeking resolution of these related matters and we may or may not be able to reach a settlement. And it just won't be appropriate to provide any further details on this as these discussions are ongoing, highly confidential and we've not yet reached resolution. Next our outlook. Looking beyond 2013, staring at 2014, we look forward to discussing this with you in much greater analytical and strategic detail at our Capital Markets Day in New York City on Monday, December 9. But let's cover a few things now in order to try to be helpful to you. 2014 will be a challenging year. HealthCare Partners operating income will be down significantly. Kidney care operating income is almost certain to be down, perhaps, significantly. In our HealthCare Partners business, we face large MA rate cuts, as you know. And in general, payers are not doing a lot of adjusting down of benefit design, therefore, making it more difficult to offset the cuts. The silver lining in that particular fact is that this should lead to stable MA volume growth. From kidney care, it's worth talking in more depth about the pressures we face on 4 fronts. Number one, potentially large Medicare rate cuts, as you know. Number two, commercial rate pressure. We have been told by a large payer that they have convinced a large provider to trade price reductions for volume and aggressively so. This is something our investors and prospective investors need to know and be concerned about. It is unclear if these recent actions will provoke a period of pervasively lower reimbursement. But given the economic reality of our community, this is concerning. We operate in a low fixed cost and high variable cost business, where the higher commercial rates from the 10% of our patients who are commercial are essential to subsidize the losses from the 90% of our patients that are Medicare, and so it's a very dangerous trade-off to make. Item #3, exchanges and the policy surrounding exchanges. Well, on that, we've said for the last 2 years that there's more downside than upside. And this appears to be even more so the case now than it did several months ago. And then fourth and finally, in addition to those 3 items of clear earnings headwinds that were just described, it's worthwhile for all of us just to step back and look at some of the tectonic plate shifting going on in American health care that will affect kidney care. The exchanges, the physician acquisition, binge or surge by hospitals, the emergence of ACO risk seeking organization, all of that and other factors probably not worth enumerating in detail create a formidable and historically unusual amount of uncertainty. The good news is that these dynamics will likely create some attractive opportunities. The bad news is they will also create some negative impacts which could be quite material and could happen before the opportunities manifest it -- themselves in any kind of new earnings trajectory. In addition to just dealing with the new dynamics, we'll consume substantial time and capital. So in summary, for kidney care, we are entering into a distinctively challenging period ahead. Stepping back in a final comment regarding the overall enterprise, we have strong assets, we have strong capabilities in many areas that are relevant for health care and where it is going or where it needs to go and we have strong cash flows. And as an enterprise, we look forward to pursuing the opportunities. We also have a lot of respect for the challenges that we face. I'll now turn the call over to Jim Hilger, our interim CFO.
James K. Hilger: Thanks, Kent. First, I'd like to cover a few more dialysis operating metrics. Our non-acquired growth in the quarter was 5.4% when normalized for days of the week. And our U.S. dialysis revenue per treatment was up $1.13 from the prior quarter. This was impacted by annual patient vaccinations, as well as an improvement in average commercial rates, partially offset by a slight decline in commercial mix. Our dialysis patient care costs increased $1.49 per treatment from the prior quarter, driven primarily by higher compensation costs, slightly increased pharma utilization and the seasonal administration of flu vaccines, offset by certain other costs, including the expenses related to our annual leadership meeting, which was held in the second quarter. Our dialysis G&A cost per treatment increased $1.41 from the prior quarter, primarily due to a $9 million write-off of certain obsolete IT assets. And during the quarter, we experienced $8 million in international losses. We continue to expect international losses for 2013 to be less than $30 million, excluding any impact of ramping up operations for the following government tenders we have recently been awarded. In Saudi Arabia, we've been notified formerly by the government that we have been awarded a contract that will increase our participation there, but we have not yet negotiated final terms of this contract. In Colombia, we've been awarded a contract that will result in our building 10 new centers to serve more than 1,000 additional patients, nearly doubling our presence in the country. Next, with HCP. HealthCare Partners operating income was $98 million in the quarter, up $17 million from the prior quarter, as Kent previously discussed. For the overall enterprise, our debt expense was $108 million in the third quarter, consistent with what we guided last quarter. The effective tax rate attributable to DaVita HealthCare Partners was 38.3% in the quarter. This excludes the impact of the increase in the loss contingency reserve recorded and the effects of a FIN 48 adjustment related to tax assets, which were created through the HCP acquisition escrow provisions. This Q3 adjustment resulted in an $8 million increase in corporate G&A expense offset by an equal reduction in income tax expense. You should expect similar adjustments will be likely to recur in the third quarter of the next few years. Note that we now expect a tax rate of 39% to 40% for 2013, excluding the impact of the items mentioned above and the HCP earnout adjustment. Next, we've made some changes to our 2013 operating income guidance. Kidney care operating income is now expected to be in the range of $1.5 billion to $1.52 billion. And the guidance range for HealthCare Partners operating income is now $380 million to $400 million, and there is a chance we may fall below this range. The net impact of both of these results in a slight increase on our overall guidance to a new range of $1.88 billion to $1.92 billion. These guidance ranges exclude the impact of any legal settlement to the physician relationship investigations, impact from the change in value of the 2013 earnout associated with the HealthCare Partners' transaction and the just mentioned Q3 tax-related adjustment. As always, our guidance ranges capture the majority of probabilistic outcomes on a number of swing factors. Now turning to cash flow, operating cash flow in the quarter was strong at $733 million. Cash flow in the quarter benefited from the timing of compensation payments, other working capital items and cash taxes. Please note that some of these items are likely to reverse in the fourth quarter. And due to the strong continued cash -- this continued strong cash flow, we have increased our cash flow guidance. Our updated expectation for 2013 operating cash flow is now between $1.6 billion and $1.7 billion. This guidance excludes the impact of any potential legal settlement payment we may make related to the physician relationship investigations. And before we go to Q&A, I would like to welcome our incoming CFO, Garry Menzel, who is with us today. As previously announced, Garry will assume the CFO role after our third quarter 10-Q is filed. It's been a pleasure to be your interim CFO. I will be remaining with the company in my ongoing role as Chief Accounting Officer, and I look forward to working with Garry. And with that, operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich from Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I guess, Kent, wanted to go back to your comments about reimbursement and the exchanges. Just wondering, do you think this will be a net positive impact for you? And then on top of that, with some policies being canceled, do you think you're going to see any impact on payment for treatments?
Kent J. Thiry: Thanks, Kevin. As we've said for a year or 2, there is more downside in the exchanges than upside for us for reasons that we can go in to if people want. And our assessment of that has only increased in the sense that we now see more downside in the way exchanges are unfolding than we did 6 months ago or whenever other recent times for a whole bunch of different factors. So we see much more downside in exchanges, both in terms of probability and amount, than we did earlier in the year.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then I think today or yesterday, we came across an article about a strategic partnership with a little company called CVRx. I think they went through some financing. Could you give us little bit more details of what's behind this partnership?
Kent J. Thiry: In general, in the years to come, we intend to do more partnership with medical device companies in particular, and in some cases pharma, to help new technologies come in and penetrate the kidney care and HealthCare Partners space in a way which will allow us to do an even better job of population health management. And that's the strategic context within which we did the CVRx deal. And I would think over the 2, 3 years -- I would hope over the next 2 to 3 years, you'll see us do a couple more things like that to continue to drive medical innovation and hopefully improve our value added to all stakeholders.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. And then lastly on HCP, saw capitated membership increase sequentially this quarter. Obviously, the -- you guys moved into the Arizona market. Just wondering if you could provide an update how's that going? And I guess, what's your view on expansion into other markets at this point?
Kent J. Thiry: I would say on HCP and growth, we are making steady but unimpressive progress on building our growth capability. In part, we say unimpressive because we have so much interest from so many different actors, both payers and hospital systems and physician groups that we measure our capability against the amount of opportunity that's presented itself. So I think that's how I would characterize our progress right now and our rate of progress. And then separate from that, even as we improve our capability, when you take on a new book of business, there is some lag time in introducing our capabilities into that new environment, building relationships, sometimes closing contracts, changing operating processes, et cetera. And so unfortunately, we can't point to any near-term pickup in anything other than the expenses it will take in order to enhance our capability. Is that responsive, Kevin?
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: It is. I just noticed your tone tonight seems more pessimistic than we've heard in quite some time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Lake from JPMorgan.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'll jump right in first on HCP. Kent, you mentioned HealthCare Partners is likely to have operating income down significantly. So looking to see if you could share any more color on that in terms of should we be thinking double digits? And then secondly, you mentioned that payers are not cutting benefits to the extent you hoped they might to help offset the rate cuts to your bottom line. I'm just wondering, on the long-term implications here for the business in terms of these payer negotiations and specifically on the capitation percentages that they are giving you, does that all have to be revisited given the way these negotiations went?
Kent J. Thiry: Okay, let me take a cut, Justin, and I might ask for help from Bob or Matthew whom are both right here and you can come back at me. The primary driver of the reduction in HCP operating income is really straightforward. It's the changes to Medicare Advantage reimbursement, and that was a big number as we talked about as soon as it came out. And there's just no way to mitigate all of it. So that's, by far, the biggest driver. And then, of course, we're going out and negotiating as best we can with our different payers to try to get some shared investment as we deal with that rate cut. And we'll have some successes and some failures, but there's just no way that we'll do anything with any other entity that will allow us to offset the magnitude of those cuts. Is that -- did I respond, Justin?
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Sure. I guess, the -- maybe if I -- specifically on the magnitude of the cut, when you say significantly, I think we all expected the margins to be down here. But I'm just wondering, is it significantly down double digits in terms of operating earnings?
Kent J. Thiry: I think the bulk of that conversation should be left for the Capital Markets, Justin. But when we say significantly, I certainly wouldn't rule out double digits. But I think, we are going to shed a lot more light on this when we can go through a lot more analysis, as well as have the additional data from the intervening month.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then the other part I was asking is just strategically, the -- given the value that you -- that HCP brings to the table in terms of the plan relationship, one might have thought that the plans might have been willing to lower benefits a bit and allow you to keep some of your economics rather than take most of it to your bottom line. And I'm just curious, given that doesn't seem to have happened or happened to the extent you might have hoped, are -- is there something you can do beyond that in terms of what I was asking is, can you renegotiate your capitation rates or do you even think strategically about potentially even offering your own plans in the market?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, with respect to rates, I'll just repeat. We -- in times like this, we do go back and see what we can get. And we will have some victories and we will have some defeats, but there's no sort of systemic reality to share with you that would help you evaluate anything beyond what we've already said. And then what was the second part, Justin?
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Would you even think strategically of kind of pivoting to offering your own plans given the amount of value you bring to the table relative to the health plan?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. We would never preclude being our own plan strategically. At the same time, in most places, what we want is to have an excellent partnership with our existing plans, and so that's where we start. Having said that, over the course of time, we wouldn't be at all surprised if in some situation, it made sense for us to be a plan, either in equity partnership with some other plan or alone. But job 1 for us is to become great partners for our existing plans that we work with.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. Just my last question is on the payer contract. Can you give us any color here on maybe the size of the payer that is talking about shifting payments for lower -- patients for lower rates or any color on the geographies that might be impacted?
Kent J. Thiry: It's a large payer who's talking about a large provider. And it's a broad geography.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Is this similar to what you saw in, I think, it was 2008, 2009 in that time period where there was some instance like this and then it seemed to moderate, or is this even bigger?
Kent J. Thiry: If we're thinking of the same one, Justin, that was in a single state and this is not.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo from Robert W. Baird.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I was just curious, the original HCP guidance was $400 million to $450 million, and I thought the earnout was somewhere in that range. Can you just maybe help me understand what triggered the payout of the full earnout when it looks like you guys might be running below $400 million now? And certainly the outlook for 2014 is less than optimistic currently?
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Let me see if I can clarify a couple of things. What we negotiated halfway through the year when the probability of hitting the earnout target appeared to be about 50-50, and not having it resolved was getting in the way of some decision-making. We negotiated with HealthCare Partners, their shareholder representative, a 50-50 split. So the entire earnout was not paid for 2013, just half of it. And that amount was about $68 million or something like that, which is about a 1.5% increase of the aggregate consideration. So that's the math and that's the logic. Can I shed any more light on it for you?
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: No, that's helpful. And maybe just back to the conversation around the exchanges, and it does seem like you have some strong feelings now versus prior calls on the potential downside risk for -- with regards to how this will all work. But maybe elaborate a little bit more on some of the specific details that have come to light to, perhaps, change your stance on this risk factor?
Kent J. Thiry: Right, very fair question. The dominant reason is just that there are more people, both companies and individuals, with private insurance talking about going on the exchanges. Now we all know of the travails that they're having, and that might change reality a lot for us, depending on how all that comes out, which we don't have any particular insight into. But if you just ignore the technical difficulties that are currently being experienced, that the data that preceded these technical glitches was that there were going to be more people with private insurance checking out the exchanges with great interest or being put into them than was originally thought by just about anyone. And then in addition, as some narrow networks have taken shape, we want to respect the fact that some of those narrow networks may not include us and could lead to a loss of patient -- new patient volume. Is that responsive?
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, so it sounds like it's a 2-part answer. There's some concern about the go-forward degradation in the existing individual market, and I suppose that ties into MSP, and then the second is just the evolution of narrow networks. Is that fair?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, that is fair. Although, my first point just had to do with more people going on the exchanges period, more people with private insurance as opposed to being anything in particular with respect to MSP, which is a little bit of a different issue, although it overlaps.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Lieberman from Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just maybe to follow up on the last question on the exchanges. I guess, that would mean you would expect to get a lower rate from a plan on the exchanges is that -- where the detriment would come from, or is there another way to think about it?
Kent J. Thiry: With us, it is more likely that we won't see the patient because we wouldn't agree to a lower rate. And so if somebody else does, we won't see that new patient, somebody else will.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So is that tied into the comment you made about a -- another provider potentially competing on price, is that, in some way, related to the exchanges, do you think?
Kent J. Thiry: Not clear yet, not clear at all.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Is there -- I guess, did the payer give you any inkling on timing for, I guess, when the contract would come due or when would you expect the timing to be when you might feel some impact from it?
Kent J. Thiry: We're in the mix right now. But I think it would not be a good idea for us to go into more detail. What was important for us fulfilling our responsibilities to you, our shareholders, was to let you know that this was going on and what this large payer had told us was underlying some of it. And so we felt an obligation to share that information. At the same time, going into a lot more detail is probably not a good idea.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. What's changed, I guess, to make you maybe more concerned about what the outcome might be from the past? Because, I guess in the past, you've spoken of similar issues and it seems like the company has always come through it fairly well for whatever reason, whether it's your negotiating ability, your market share, or a combination of the 2. Has something changed that would lead you or lead us to believe that it might have a different outcome this time?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I think, whenever something like this has happened in an intense way, we used to share it with you because it's our job. And because for us, to be sort of blithely confident that it will all work out fine seems inappropriate. We will certainly do absolutely the best we can. And the good news is we have just this wonderful quality story to tell, both in terms of clinical outcomes and the care and concern demonstrated in our centers. But we can't take something like this lightly when it's happening in such an intense way. And then, I think you put it in the context of everything else I referred to, which is just stuff going on at the same time with exchanges and employers doing new things and physicians doing new things and hospitals buying more physicians and multi-specialty groups growing and the list goes on and on, that in the context of such a dynamic environment with so many crumbling boundaries and moving parts, the same type of thing that maybe has happened once or twice in the past is, I think, even more potentially disruptive.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then on your comments about HCP. Certainly, the tone seems more negative. I guess, compared to last quarter when maybe the tone wasn't quite as negative, is there anything specific you could point to? Is it the -- that you see -- you haven't seen the benefit designs change as much as you thought or has something else changed to lead you to believe that you're not going to be able to abate as much as maybe you had in the past?
Kent J. Thiry: No. Let me try on that one because there's never been a need to abate or mitigate against something of this size, or at least not for a long time, so there's no good analog for it. And the fact is, without this big rate cut, which was larger than anyone expected in that space, we would be, I think, all quite happy with the conversation that we're having today. And so it's important to separate out this extreme reimbursement change from the underlying recurring economics of our business. At the same time, we want to make sure that while shareholders understand the tremendous interest there is from lots of parties to work with us. We also simultaneously want to remind you that one doesn't just partner with somebody, flip a switch and start generating the same kind of results in new markets as in the historic legacy markets. And so that story is both a big positive and, as we build our capability, an achievable positive, but it has quite a lag time associated with it. So is that helpful? You got the big rate cut story and then you've got this big growth issue. And underneath growth, part A is not a demand and part B is slow implementation time.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So I guess, if I could just follow up on that, the -- it's not new news that there was going to be a rate cut. We've known about that for some time. And even last quarter in terms of the growth regarding HCP, your comments were somewhat negative. I guess, I'm just -- If there's something specific or is it -- because, I guess, it's hard just to discern the difference in the negativity of the tone versus something material that you could discuss that has made you more negative about it.
Kent J. Thiry: Let me go ahead and just say we hadn't provided 2014 guidance earlier, so this is the first time, really, talking about it. And in the interim period is where we experienced the disappointing reality of payers not making material adjustments to their benefit design. So that's a big piece of incremental news, which, unfortunately, was a negative. Now again, it's a negative with that silver lining of had they done a bunch of benefit design cuts, that might have actually reduced MA volume growth. And so there's an interesting strategic trade-off there. Nonetheless, we didn't expect them to do so few benefit changes and that's where you get a lot of serious incremental short-term math, because that -- those economics hits you right away day 1, whereas any economic benefit of growth is significantly delayed.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And if I could sneak one final one in. There was a comment about a write-off of $9 million of the IT asset. Which line did that flow through on?
James K. Hilger: Amortization expense in our G&A.
Kent J. Thiry: And that's kidney care, by the way.
Operator: Your next question comes from Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Few things here. I guess, I wanted to just start with a question on HCP. Obviously, you we're about a year into the ABQ situation. And I guess I wanted to get an update, given that open enrollment for MA is upon us. Has your contracting strategy been resolved there? Can you just update us on how you think that looks going into 2014? And have you been able to stabilize the patient base there?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, fair question, Darren. We are -- at this point, we would predict that we are going to complete a new deal that will significantly improve our performance there. But it is not done yet.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And so, fair to say you're still in negotiation or have you reached some tentative terms on that deal, I'm assuming you're referring to, with Lovelace?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, I don't -- not appropriate to go into detail for all the reasons you know, Darren, as frustrating as it is for both of us not to be able to talk about them. And we certainly have the reason we're predicting we're going to get something done is because we've reached agreement on a lot of important stuff. But as you know, until something is done, it's not done. And so we have to give you kind of the unsatisfying answer that we are.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Well, that's a helpful status update that you're optimistic you'll have a deal. All right. And then, I wanted to switch gears to just DaVita Rx, if I could. There was a big transition of some of the Fresenius patients using your, I guess, infrastructure DaVita Rx. And I'm wondering if you can just update us, has any of the transition started to occur? I think you originally referred to second half of this year. And how will that play out, I guess, over time? And maybe any general sizing of your DaVita Rx business at this stage of the game.
Kent J. Thiry: The implementation of our relationship with FMC is underway. And, of course, it -- our relationship with FMC is multifaceted, with Rx being one piece of it. And so that implementation is going smoothly. And as to expected to aggregate Rx economics, I think our custom has been not to share those, and I wouldn't want to start doing that on an ad hoc, ad lib basis.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, I know, I guess I wasn't looking for economics related to this specifically, just a general sizing of Rx at this point.
Kent J. Thiry: It is -- what would be the right qualitative way to summarize? It is significant. And let me just sort of let people confer a little bit and see what additional information we can safely provide, okay? And -- but go ahead with another question while they're doing that.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, just maybe a couple other things here, and I'll jump. I appreciate you conferring there. So in Footnote 5, you've got the total care dollars under management for HCP. And it looks like the institutional capitation amounts have been pretty stable the last couple of quarters, but we obviously saw higher risk-sharing revenues in the third quarter. I'm just wondering, Matt, maybe if you can help us think about that and how it sort of moves sequentially what fourth quarter typically looks like relative to that line item? I just -- we're still all getting a hang of HCP quarter-to-quarter.
Matthew Mazdyasni: Yes, Darren. So part of the MA capitation reconciliation and what we did in the third quarter also reflect on those hospital funding that you're referring to, so that's obviously moves with enrollment. But it should be stable for the fourth quarter.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And so it would be stable with third quarter levels, is that what you're suggesting?
Matthew Mazdyasni: Yes.
Darren P. Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. All right. And then the last question is just more along the lines of what I think you mentioned before there was $9 million write-off and there was $7.7 million, or call it $8 million of tax adjustments in HCP. So $17 million that got flowed through OI, just the way you've reported it. Are those things that you typically would x out? Because, I guess, when I think about it, it's $0.08 or $0.09 of EPS that you just haven't called out in your press release real clearly.
James K. Hilger: Darren, this is Jim Hilger. Just to clarify, the $9 million was a write-off of IT assets in kidney care. And I misspoke before, I said it was amortization. It's in the G&A line, although it's a noncash charge. We did not non-GAAP that $9 million. We have puts and takes in every quarter, but we did want to use -- to give you that explanation so you could understand the increase in G&A cost per treatment on a quarter-by-quarter basis. The $7.7 million tax adjustment, that was a -- there was a 0 impact on EPS related to that matter. However, the $7.7 million was distortive to the income tax rate, and we called it out so that you wouldn't get the wrong idea and extrapolate a lower income tax rate as a result of that adjustment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Want to go back to HCP for a minute here. I think earlier in the call, you kind of said that you hadn't really given 2014 guidance. But in a response to my question in the Q1 call, I kind of asked you guys how you felt about 2014 opportunities within HCP, given the finalization of the rate cut. I think your response was that it hasn't changed a whole lot because 2013 was coming in better than you thought. And 2014, the rate cut was going to be more accelerated than you thought, although directionally probably where you thought things might go eventually. And that net, you felt about the same as you did when you first entered into the transaction about what 2014 would look like. It sounds like -- well A I guess since then we've had 2 disappointing quarters around HCP. But it sounds like now that things have really changed around your view for what HCP will look like next year, so it does sound like something has really changed. I mean, how do we think about the, A, I guess, the performance this quarter and what kind of makes you feel more comfortable at the low end of the range? Is there a specific geography, is it still New Mexico or is there something else going on there? And then, B, how do we think about your ability to address rate cuts within the business? Because I think that on our side, at least the view was that this was a little bit better business than most provider businesses because you had that cushion of benefit design changes above you, you had the ability for you to improve your own operations, the ability to impact bonuses you ultimately gave the doctors, as many levers that could be pulled. But it sounds to me like you actually don't really influence the benefit design changes above you and that you're still beholden to someone else deciding what your rates will be, and just want to understand that. Because I thought there was more flexibility there. But it sounds like you're saying that you really don't influence the actual rates that you will get. It's more of a function of what the government does at the very top.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Kevin, that -- could you go ahead and then just take a stab at saying one of the questions again and so we don't ramble?
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Sure. Yes, sure. So I guess the first question is what happened in Q3 versus your reduced Q guidance last time? Is there a certain geography that was impacted? Because this is the second straight quarter where things -- where you seem to be talking down HCP. So I just want to understand incrementally where the -- this shortfall is coming from.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I don't know that -- let me take a stab. I don't know that anything has changed with respect to our view on HCP other than the material new data on benefit designs and the fact that they didn't change much.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Well, [indiscernible] there with Q3, because Q3, you went from -- you're now at the low end of the range versus a range before?
Kent J. Thiry: Okay, correct. And so the question is why now do we think we'll be -- why are we at the low end of the range and...
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Below. Yes, yes, why are you now at the low end of the range or below for HCP versus the other range last quarter?
Kent J. Thiry: Oh, okay. All right. Well, it's getting down to pretty small numbers that, given the old guidance and the size of that range and sort of moving from just saying the range to saying the low end, you start to talk about movements of $10 million plus or minus or so. And in HealthCare Partners, that kind of volatility in medical utilization and claims costs and other things can easily create that kind of swing. So I don't think there's a specific answer to your question as to one thing, which led us to say, instead of just saying, oh, it's the same range, saying that we're going to be at the lower end probably or even fall below is more sort of a composite result, not a single thing.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So as far as you're concerned, because $10 million -- I mean, you would think that ratably, that would be 10% to the number for Q4. There's no specific geography or anything that stands out as being dramatically different than what your guidance was last quarter.
Kent J. Thiry: Correct, correct. It may be more, 5, 6, 7 things that just have us tweaking the numbers down a bit.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then as far as just how to think about rate pressure in general. It sounds very much to me like you guys did not really have or do not really have much influence with managed care companies and how they set the benefit design. It was my impression, maybe it was mistaken that you guys had a partnership with the health plans and how you structured benefits. But it sounds like you really didn't know what the benefits looked like until after July and after they had already been set and we're ready to be posted. So I mean, when you think about rate pressures in that business, although it's always possible that a managed care company could cut benefits above the line and be a buffer for you, it sounds like that's not something that you should ever -- or we should assume will happen. So how do you think about your ability to offset those cuts? Is it basically the same way that you have the ability to offset cuts and [indiscernible]? Is it just you executing better? Because I thought there was an extra buffer in there, but it sounds like there really isn't. Am I reading that wrong?
Robert J. Margolis: Kevin, Bob Margolis here. You're reading it generally correct. As you know -- because you cover, I know, the managed care companies as well. They file their benefits in a confidential manner in the summer, and they don't become public until October. And during that time, they are extremely sensitive to the fact that they're in a competitive environment with other health plans. So they do not share the specifics. They did talk and do talk about the fact that they had allowance from CMS to reduce by some $30 or so their benefits if they chose. So it was a presumption in our conversations with them, not denied, that they had that latitude and would perhaps do that. Clearly, in their view, I think it's clear, they made the decision that they would like to maintain their competitive advantage with other plans and their market share, perhaps, over their margins. And because, as you know, they're sharing, of course, and their portion of that benefit, not being adjusted as well. So we do have great relationships that have these strategic conversations, but at the end of the day, you're correct. The plans make their own decisions.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And so when we think about that from your context, you're relying on their desire to maintain their own margins as a buffer for your own margins, and that may not be the case from one year to the next? Or is it possible that they are, in fact, maintaining their margins. They're just shifting more of it on to you?
Kent J. Thiry: Recognize again that we're only one portion of their network and their relationships with all their network, I'm quite sure, vary. So they -- they're more or less of the risk of those benefit changes based on individual relationships that they may have with the rest of their network. So I think you'd have to ask the plans directly about their decision process on maintaining margin versus growth.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But I guess just directionally, if you see them not change margin, you're pretty comfortable -- or not change, I'm sorry, benefits in a rate cut scenario, you're pretty comfortable that they are accepting lower margins themselves. It's not that they're able to pass it entirely on to you guys.
Kent J. Thiry: Correct. They do have some portion responsibility for those revenue costs.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just to -- -- I guess for my last question here. On HCP, the commentary around the opportunity to buy things and overlay your cost structure on to things, it -- obviously is a huge opportunity, it makes sense that you wouldn't be able to do it all at once. I mean, could you give us a sense of how long it takes to kind of feel like you're getting an acquisition up and running the way that you would want it to, so that we can kind of more appropriately think about margin ramp-up? And then just also understand if there's a certain margin profile that you're looking at or you're looking to buy things that are well-run and humming already? Or are you perfectly fine buying something that's got a lower margin profile with the expectation that over time you're going to get it there?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, first, I think we'll provide a much better answer at Capital Markets than we will in a snippet right now. But on the specific second question you asked, we're absolutely open to buying things with low margins or negative margins or partnering with people who have low margins or negative margins. Often those can be the best return on capital deals if we turn them around. At the same time, we're not all averse to paying a normal multiple on a recurring stream of earnings, but we have 0 preference between those 2 situations. It's all about risk-adjusted long-term return on capital.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then -- but then, I guess, maybe just to follow up on that, how do you think then about the rate cuts for 2015 that are kind of standing out there in your context of doing deals? Does it make sense to be doing a transaction in the next 4 months before you see the preliminary rate for 2015 if you're thinking about HCP being down significantly next year? How do you think about what an appropriate risk-adjusted return is on something over the next 4 months?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, that is a tough one to answer. I mean, certainly, we think a lot about what we believe the range is for long-term MA reimbursement, as well as, of course, commercial rates and Medicaid. And as always, when you're thinking of buying something, you've got to put on your 5-, 6-, 7-, 10-year hat and you pay disproportionate attention to what's going to happen soon. And that, in particular, can have a lot of influence on some terms you might impose or the price that you might offer. But the real rubber meets the road over the subsequent 7 to 10 years. So we're certainly worried about the government's physical situation, what that implies for Medicare rates. At the same time, because, we deliver fundamentally superior product, superior value to society with what we do underneath the MA plans that our premise -- our strategic premise is that there's going to be a robust MA market for a long time independent of what happens in any given 12-month period. Am I missing the mark?
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: No, I think that, that makes sense. It's about as good as you can do when you're dealing with the government.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Borsch from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: If I could ask you just again on HCP, maybe you can remind us what the concentration is by payer, if not identifying the payers, just give us an approximate breakdown in terms of how many represent how much revenue or earnings, however you want to break it down. And then, I guess a related question is, is what you're seeing or expected to see relatively consistent across those payers? Or are you seeing some -- are you expecting to see some divergence with significantly greater pressure from some payers than others?
Kent J. Thiry: I'll answer the second. At this point, well, a couple of plans have diverged from the norm. That's about it at this point in terms of decisions that have been made. The aggregate reality is dominantly most payers doing more or less the same thing. On the other issue of how concentrated or fragmented are our plan clients, I don't think we've shared that. I'm looking across the table.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. And I assume you mean with respect to a couple that stand out, those are the ones that adjusted benefits the least and therefore, where you'd expect to see the most pressure?
Kent J. Thiry: No. Actually, most did very little adjusting benefits. One outlier actually increased benefits, so that was the -- it was a small player that was the most striking divergent episode.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then there was another outlier?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I've just -- I haven't looked at the entire distribution curve, so I just don't want to [indiscernible] there was only one. But I can tell you, whether there was one outlier or 2 or 3, out of all the different plans we deal with that the dominant reality was as we've characterized it.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And maybe just a last question on a different topic, which is on the commercial pricing front, not on the exchanges, but as you referred to a large provider and a large payer and the arrangement that may have developed there on commercial pricing. Is there anything you can speculate that's changed in the industry dynamics between providers and payers that might explain why this is happening now, particularly in light of the fact that it's not as if there is more room going into 2014 to give a big pricing concession, I don't know what size it was, but there's less room.
Kent J. Thiry: We agree.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Taylor from Citigroup.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a couple of questions left. First is on the Arizona IPA acquisition. My understanding, that's not a global capitated network. It's really capitated for the physician component. I was wondering if you could ballpark run rate revenues in that business?
Kent J. Thiry: We don't do the -- we won't break out the revenues. But as to the former question...
Robert J. Margolis: Gary, Bob here. You're right that, that was the current relationship that existed. We are in discussions with our health plan partners across Arizona. SCAN was a global risk relationship and we hope to move the others to our preferred global relationship over time. We do not have a specific date that, that will occur by.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, I was wondering if you -- for the third quarter, if you could give us HCP's EBITDA contribution. I think we've had that quarterly in the filings disclosed for a number of trailing quarters.
Kent J. Thiry: All right. I'll -- let me just have the team determine if that is something that we've provided as a matter of course. And if we can go on to the next one and come back to it, that would be much appreciated, Gary.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. I have $187 million as the 3Q '12 EBITDA figure, if that's -- which I think we've plucked from a filing. So if there's a number that's comparable to that, but I'll let you look for that.
Kent J. Thiry: People are searching furiously, so we'll get back to you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Alex [ph] from Peninsula Equity.
Unknown Analyst: To turn the mood of the call maybe a little more positive, obviously, very robust cash flow generation going on, $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet, it looks like maybe $80 million to $100 million accruing a month. Capital allocation, what, if any, priorities are there for the management team going forward? Also, the stock trading down since this past summer, is the company continuing evaluating the merits of a share repurchase?
Kent J. Thiry: Sure, appreciate the question. And we've pretty much given the same answer now for 14 years, which is that we look at that capital allocation question very regularly and intensely, and at different times, have been quite aggressive in buying back stock. Other times, we've opted to pay down debt. Other times, we've held cash because we thought we might have a shot at doing a significant acquisition. And so we've made highly customized decisions across the spectrum of capital allocation alternatives, depending entirely on our assessment of our internal and external situation within our markets and then integrating that with our view of the capital markets. So right now, we are hoping that we'll reach a settlement with the government, which will then consume a significant subset of that cash. And beyond that, we are staring very much at how to think about what to do with our excess cash in '14 and '15. We hope that we get to buy some really good stuff. But if that doesn't happen, then we'll be staring a lot at the 2 other alternatives.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan from RBC Capital Markets.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to confirm on that most recent Arizona acquisition, the composition of the physician base there, was that more primary care or more specialist-focused?
Robert J. Margolis: That was a combination. Not all of those 700 are primaries, but a good majority of them are.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, totally unrelated, switching back over to the dialysis side of the business. Any additional mitigation steps that you have identified going into this final re-basing? And I'll hop off.
Robert J. Margolis: No, nothing specific that we can offer up, Frank.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Lieberman from Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess on the re-basing, is there any additional insight that you guys can provide us or any insight into any discussions with the CMS? I guess, the way this is, that they said it would be out by about Thanksgiving. Is that your understanding, or do you think it might be out sooner than that?
Kent J. Thiry: That's all we've heard is late November.
Operator: Your next question comes Lisa Clive from Sanford Bernstein.
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just a question on the private insurance rates on the dialysis side of your business. On your comments around the discussions you've been having with a large payer, does this relate to a structural change in the methods of payment here? I'm specifically thinking about the private plans that have moved to a similar bundled pricing structure that Medicare did in 2011 and whether that has potentially an impact on the rate dynamics moving forward. And then just a follow-up question on that is whether you have any further work to do in general in bundling private patients or whether you're satisfied with the proportion of your private patients that are bundled?
Kent J. Thiry: On the second question, most of our stuff on a dollar value basis is bundled on the commercial side. And we will probably continue to increase that a little bit over time, but not dramatically. And could you go back and do the first question again, please?
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: You mentioned that one payer has said they've gotten better pricing for larger volumes. Was that the only thing that happened or was there also a structural change where that payer was moving over to bundling?
Kent J. Thiry: That was not a structural change. Well, I don't -- I can't -- I can only comment on our arrangement with that payer. I have no idea with the other provider, whether that was...
Lisa Bedell Clive - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, okay. But the pressure you're getting from them is -- has nothing to do with any sort of change in the way that you're currently getting paid by them?
Kent J. Thiry: Correct, not for us.
Operator: We have no further questions on line.
James K. Hilger: This is Jim Hilger. I just want to come back to you, Gary Taylor, on your question about our EBITDA. Our Q3 EBITDA was $137.2 million, and that compares to Q2 2013 of $120 million. Hopefully that answers your question.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Well, thank you...
James K. Hilger: Excuse me, that was HCP EBITDA.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Thanks, everyone, very much. We look forward to seeing you at our Capital Markets in a month's time and having a much more in-depth discussion to some of these issues. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - Vice President of Investor Relations Kent J. Thiry - Co-Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer James K. Hilger - Interim Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller Robert J. Margolis - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Group Vice President
Analysts: Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Ian, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the DaVita HealthCare Partners Q2 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Jim Gustafson, you may now begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, Ian, and welcome everyone to our second quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations; and with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Bob Margolis, the CEO of HealthCare Partners; Matthew Mazdyasni, HealthCare Partners Executive Vice President and CFO; Jim Hilger, our Chief Accounting Officer and Interim CFO; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. I'd like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statements. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and annual report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Thank you, Jim, and thanks to all of you out there for your interest in our enterprise. This quarter, as maybe you've already noted by seeing the press release, we experienced mixed results with continued solid performance in our Kidney Care business but with results below your and our expectations at HealthCare Partners. I will cover 6 topics: number one, clinical performance; number two, HealthCare Partners performance; number three, Kidney Care performance; number four, a policy update; number five, a quick comment on investigations; and number six, our outlook going forward. Category 1, clinical outcomes, which we always present first, because that is what comes first, you probably know, we serve about 1 out of every 3 dialysis patients in America at this point. Our adequacy at 98% of our patients with a Kt/V of greater than 1.2 is outstanding. Our vascular access was 72% of our patients having fistulas is outstanding. We've talked about those metrics in the past. We'd like to comment on an additional one this time and talk about our strides in reducing their peritonitis rates for our PD patients, which represent between 9% and 10% of our patients. The international guidelines for peritonitis is 1 episode per 18 months; our data, 1 episode for every 45 months, about 1/3 the rate of issue and is across a very substantial patient population. Overall, as you've heard many times, our patient outcomes compare very favorably with national averages and that is both good for patients and saves taxpayers money. I'd also like to start talking more about the wonderful clinical outcomes at HealthCare Partners. We can compare our 2012 performance in California, for example, to the national HEDIS data for Medicare HMO patients. We are still harmonizing the rest of the HealthCare Partners data across the 3 markets and so in the future, we'll be able to provide aggregate metrics. But right now, California, which is the biggest market by far, our Medicare Advantage patients, once again, several years in a row, scored near the top across a wide variety of metrics, including above the 90th percentile with respect to colorectal cancer; above the 90th percentile with respect to female patients screened for breast cancer; and near the 90th percentile with respect to diabetic LDL less than 100. For these and many other clinical outcomes, HealthCare Partners compares very favorably to national averages. In addition, we averaged 4 stars or better on the HEDIS clinical quality metrics in all 3 of our legacy HealthCare Partners partner markets. Next, turning to HealthCare Partners operating performance, which I'm sure is the subject of primary focus for many of you. It was a weak quarter, no 2 ways around it. What's the right way to think about it and diagnose that weakness and its implications going forward. First of all, if you take our guidance for the year, which was OI of $400 million to $450 million and take the midpoint, $425 million, you just divide that evenly and that would be about $106 million per quarter. Then you allow for, in general, the long-term trend being second half better than first half of each year, probably tweak that down to $103 million or so, which means we were $22 million off what someone might have expected. Of course, I'm picking single-point numbers when one would normally use a range but I'm trying to simplify things. Well, about half of that, $10 million, was a normal seasonal decline that happens in Q2, about of that magnitude. Last year, it was a little bit higher and you should expect a similar seasonal trend in future years, indexed to our MA growth, which is where you experienced a bunch of that seasonality. So about half of that number was, in fact, not an operating shortfall. However, the other half was; first sub-point under that category is sequestration, which started April 1 and that explains about $7 million, so it's over half of the remaining $12 million, sequestration, which is might very well recur for some time. And then of that remaining 40% or so, 40% of the $12 million, Albuquerque was the single, biggest chunk, where our operating performance is under what we expected, and then there was this small basket of miscellaneous things that round out the variance. We do expect to do slightly better in Q3 and Q4 than Q1 and Q2, hence, are lowering the full year HealthCare Partners expectations, which I'll talk about in a minute. Regarding growth, very important to us and to you. Total member months did decline 2% sequentially in Q2 compared to Q1 due to our ending a relationship that had unfavorable rates. That one is actually good news for you. But more important, we had 20% year-on-year growth of Medicare Advantage patients in our 3 legacy markets, of which, 12 -- 60% or 12 of the 20 was organic and 8% through a series of small but important acquisitions at reasonable multiples. Please note that the year-on-year comparisons incorporate dates prior to the completion of our merger, which was in the middle of the fourth quarter last year. We'll now move on to Kidney Care performance. I think I can handle that quite concisely from my point of view, although Jim Hilger will go into more detail, just by saying our Kidney Care business continued to operate solidly all across the board in the quarter and year-to-date. Enough on that, I'll move on to public policy. Starting here with Kidney Care and the proposed 2014 Medicare reimbursement cuts. This is exceptionally frustrating, given already dialysis providers lose money on Medicare patients and charge private patients significantly more in order to subsidize government patients. It is our understanding at this point that CMS felt compelled to focus on a very narrow sliver of the bundle having to do with pharmaceutical utilization and felt circumscribed from not being able to take into account other factors. We actually disagree with that interpretation and are making that point vigorously and hoping this comment period that our protest with respect to that logic is taken seriously. Time will tell. If they cut reimbursement, there will be changes to patient access to care. There's no 2 ways around it for the nationwide community. I could provide a list of the potential consequences but the most significant one is that, almost inevitably, some centers will close -- actually, inevitably, some centers will close and they will tend to be those centers that served the most vulnerable patients. We have carried a lot of centers that lose money overall in aggregate, trying to be a good citizen of the system but if they cut reimbursement, at some point, it becomes impossible to do that everywhere. Moving on to health care policy. The big policy issue, as you know, is around Medicare Advantage. We have no material update on this to provide. It's nice to reflect on the facts, however, that Medicare Advantage remains a superior value proposition, both in terms of clinical outcomes and overall cost to taxpayers. Let's go back to Kidney Care for a moment, another aspect of policy and that is the ESRD Seamless Care Organizations or ESCOs. First, we do want to publicly thank CMS for all the time that they have put into this whole process in the ESCO design. Second, however, we are very, very disappointed that the small changes to the proposed ESCO design will not make it one that merits significant investment; and to implement the kind of spectacular success that we've had in integrated care, the proven success we've had in integrated care does take a bunch of upfront investments and we simply can't put a lot of your capital at risk in that way when we know we could generate a return through improving quality and reducing costs with the right architecture of the program and the right duration of the program. But we can't make all those formidable investments if, in fact, after we make all those improvements, there won't be any return because, of course, you would not allocate anymore capital to us to continue to grow what could be a beautiful program. We will not give up hope for the future, and once again, we're grateful for the hard work that CMS put in. It's a complicated subject, no doubt. But you can tell by our remarks and the consistency of our remarks over many years now that we believe strongly in coordinated care, that it is a win-win-win for the patient, for the taxpayer and for the enterprise and that we have proven that this is the case and it can be scaled. Next topic, quick update on investigations and lawsuits. On the physician relationship side, we continue to have discussions with the government but have not reached any settlement or resolution yet; and then 2 pieces of really strong good news. We had 2 previously disclosed lawsuits against HealthCare Partners, the Zanre [ph] suit and the Slogan [ph] suit, both previously disclosed as I mentioned; and each of them, the judges ordered that the cases be dismissed with prejudice, meaning the plaintiffs cannot refile those claims. In both cases, dismissed before they got very far at all because the claims were so meritless and our advocacy was so appropriately and justifiably strong. So 2 very nice pieces of good news on the legal front. Last, our thoughts looking forward. As you probably read already, we have made changes to our 2013 guidance, decreasing HealthCare Partners OI guidance by $20 million, so there's now a range of $380 million to $430 million. And on the other hand, increasing Kidney Care OI guidance by $50 million to the range of $1.45 billion to $1.50 billion and the net impact is, what you probably already calculated, is a net increase to the bottom and top end of our consolidated operating income guidance of $30 million, in other words, to somewhere between $1.83 billion to $1.93 billion. Of course, this guidance excludes the impact of any legal settlement related to the physician relationship matters or anything else, as well as any impact from any change in value of the 2013 earn-out associated with the HealthCare Partners marriage. As always, all the guidance that I have mentioned and we've referred to in our documents capture a majority of the probabilistic outcomes based on our whole wide number of swing factors and it could happen that we end up outside the guidance above or beyond. Looking beyond 2013, we are unfortunately unable to provide any useful guidance on 2014 right now. You all know of the significant reimbursement cuts. You all know we've all operated reasonably efficiently in the past. So simply too many variables at this point to provide useful guidance to you, and we wish we could but to provide guidance that's too speculative doesn't do anyone any good. So we will not succumb to that temptation. Looking longer, the good news is, we are well positioned. A, we have strong relative value propositions on both sides of the enterprise, that's both in absolute terms and relative to the competition. B, a second piece of good news, we have strong business development opportunities at HealthCare Partners. C, the bad news is that muscle, the new market muscle, the business development muscle, still needs to be developed at HealthCare Partners. But D, fourth and finally, the good news is we have a very robust and secure cash flows as we proceed down the path of building those capabilities and taking advantage of our strong relative value propositions. Thank you very much. I look forward to the Q&A, and I'll now turn it over to Jim Hilger. Take it away.
James K. Hilger: Thanks, Kent. First, I'll cover a few more dialysis operating metrics. Our non-acquired growth was 5%, when normalized for days of the week and our commercial mix improved slightly in the quarter. Our U.S. dialysis revenue per treatment was down $1.58 from the prior quarter, reflecting the impact of the 2% Medicare sequestration cut, which went into effect in April, partially offset by improved commercial mix. Our dialysis G&A per treatment was down $1.28 from the first quarter due primarily to seasonal fluctuations, including compensation expense. And during the quarter, we experienced $6 million in international losses, in line with our prior expectations. Now next, a comment about HCP. We've reduced the estimated fair value of the contingent liability with the HealthCare Partners earn-outs or 2013, creating a gain of $57 million, which is reflected in our operating income. We're adjusting the expected fair value of the earn-out based on the first half performance of HCP and the expected operating performance for the remainder of the year. We'll continue to value this liability each quarter until the earn-out is finalized. So we may continue to see some swings in the value -- if the value changes. As far as the overall enterprise goes, our debt expense was $108 million in the second quarter and this is consistent with what we've guided last quarter. This should be a good run rate for the remainder of the year. Our effective tax rate attributable to DaVita HealthCare Partners was 39.5% in the quarter, excluding the accounting adjustment for the HCP earn-out. Note that we now expect a tax rate of between 39% to 40% for 2013, excluding the loss contingency reserve we recorded in Q1, as well as the HCP earn-out adjustment. Now turning to cash flow. Our operating cash flow was $307 million in the second quarter. We're raising the bottom end of our 2013 operating cash flow guidance and our current expectation is for operating cash flow to now be between $1.4 billion and $1.5 billion for the year. This guidance excludes the impact of any legal settlements we may reach in the physician relationship investigations. And with that, operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Matt Weight.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Kent, I was wondering if you could just start with rebasing here. Clearly there were several discussions you guys have with CMS. And so when I look at the disconnect here, is this a function of just poorly written legislation to begin with or did CMS, more or less, disagree with your analytical analysis, I guess?
Kent J. Thiry: Fair question. Let me sort of stumble for a moment and then you come back and see if I've added any value. The -- right now, they are maintaining that they have a different interpretation of the legislation, and so that is a part of what is going on and we are asking for a more senior legal review based on the premise that, that hasn't happened yet and so that is potentially one variable. Based on what we've been told, it is one variable. And then second is, of course, just their overall view of the sector in a world where they want to find Medicare savings. And there, it's impossible to say for sure what their real view of our economics are. On the one hand, we know the facts are. We lose money on Medicare on average across America. On the other hand, they see that we and other providers are, in aggregate, successful. And so how much of what drove their preliminary recommendation or idea or proposal was driven by category A versus B, we can only speculate.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Do you feel that -- so it sounds like you don't feel that there would necessarily need to be a new bill that would almost replace what was written in the fiscal cliff though?
Kent J. Thiry: No. What they need to do is absorb the comments, which they are, and we're grateful for the fact that they're listening. They're hearing a lot from the kidney care community because there are a lot of people, big and small, that are worried about closing centers, restricting hours, et cetera, et cetera. So there's an awful lot of feedback being provided to them, which is exactly what they want in order to make their final decision, which they'll make in a couple of months after hearing from us and parts of Congress. And then depending on what happens, of course, we always have the recourse of trying to go to Congress if we feel we've been unfairly harmed, but we all know what a tortuous path that is.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: And in the past, you've discussed at times anywhere from a -- maybe 150 to 200 of your centers do operate at a loss. So to the extent the proposed rule isn't adjusted, would you say a majority of those clinics are at risk?
Kent J. Thiry: We're not talking about an aggregate number because so much will be driven by what they ultimately decide. Suffice it to say, it won't be 0. I mean we are, first and foremost, a caregiving company, and a notion of closing a center where we're taking care of kidney care patients is pretty much an aftermath [ph] to us, which you can see by our track record. At the same time, at some point, the reimbursement has to be fair in covering the costs of those centers that don't have enough private patients in order to subsidize the government. We wish there was some magic wand where they could just increase Medicare reimbursement, where there aren't enough private patients to subsidize because that at least would be a move towards a more rational system. But right now, while we know the number won't be 0 for us, it won't be 0 for the industry. Nonetheless, we're not talking about an aggregate number because it would be totally speculative and it just hurts too much to even think about it.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Fair enough. I'm assuming, obviously, you guys are not just sitting on your hands here. So what kind of levers can you look to pull? I know you're already run an efficient model there, but there's clearly going to be some pressure. So can you help us think about some of the levers?
Kent J. Thiry: No. Your words are exactly correct. As much as we think, both HealthCare Partners and Kidney Care have done very nice jobs in managing productivity and efficiency over time, you just can't stare at reimbursement cuts of this magnitude and do nothing. It just doesn't make sense just as you wouldn't do nothing in your family household and suddenly your income was dramatically impaired. So we will be looking at every single expense and I'm confident we'll find some savings. Right now, we can't put a number on it. And unfortunately, its not going to be big enough to change the fact that we're going to take quite a hit.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: All right, I'll -- one more and then I'll jump back in queue. Switching just briefly over to HCP and I think, Kent, you made the comment in your prepared remarks that the new market muscle still needs to be developed there. So I'm curious if you could expand on that, what's maybe taken a little bit longer. And then also, I know they are small acquisitions but curious that HCP acquired in Nevada in March a hospice operator and then a cancer center in June in Nevada, too. So any color on what's the strategic thinking with that kind of acquisition versus an IPA would be a helpful color.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I'll let Bob comment on the hospice and cancer center acquisitions. But before he does that, as to the new market muscle, it's pretty straightforward, which is HealthCare Partners had and has an amazing track record in the 3 legacy markets clinically, economically, patient service, patient satisfaction, physician satisfaction, HEDIS ratings, star rating, et cetera. They focused on those 3 markets and did beautiful things on all those dimensions. They did not go out into new markets. They did not go out and do different models and so it's a new thing. And I think we're making steady, not impressive, but steady progress in building that capability. Cannot, at this point, translate that into numbers for you. The pipeline is very robust. Because of our capabilities on that side of the house, lots of folks are interested in working with us, and so that's wonderful news. Exactly how long it will take us to develop all the right capabilities of transferring those capabilities and implementing them with partners, right now, we just can't put the kind of number on that, that you would legitimately want. But let me go ahead and turn to Bob for the hospice and oncology, and then you can come back at me if you'd like.
Robert J. Margolis: It's an interesting question. Certainly, there are acquisitions related to new doctors, new IPAs, medical groups, new markets and that's, perhaps, what you think of when you think of acquisitions. But first and foremost, we're a caregiving company and the opportunity to manage and coordinate the full continuum of care is an important driver in the clinical results that we want of all of our systems. And so a hospice acquisition made a lot of sense because of the opportunity in Las Vegas to coordinate the very difficult time of life, the end-of-life care in a fully seamless and compassionate way relative to the continuum of care. And likewise, cancer care or an earlier cardiology acquisition that you may have mentioned, or similarly, so that we could have the full integrated services delivered to our patient, the populations we serve in that market. We may do similar things in other markets where a buy-versus-build decision pushes us in that direction.
Kent J. Thiry: And Matt, I think it's time for us to go to someone else. You probably should try to stick to that normal convention of 1 to 2 questions each and then back in the queue, if that's okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from Gary Lieberman at Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess maybe just to go back at the HCP muscle development or the business development. I guess, can you maybe share with us what your expectations were and if they fell short or that you sort of didn't know what to expect and it's maybe going slower? Or how would you characterize that?
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. It's a fair question and I don't know that we -- if we ask everyone in the room or in the rooms that question, you'd get the same answer because I think different people had different expectations. Overall, if you look at the expectations we talked about when we made the announcement of the combination, we still have a shot of being on track with that here in the first couple of years, which we always said were years that had some headwinds, both because of the integration of the 2 companies and because of what was going to go on in the reimbursement environment. So I think, in that sense, there is no surprise. But then if you ask, have we performed superbly, excellently, medium, average or terribly? Unfortunately, we're not yet operating at the excellent level just because it is a new muscle. So I think how you net those 2 facts together, we're probably a little bit behind in capability and still okay in the game with respect to the numbers themselves because for the first x quarters of our time after the announcement, the operating performance was so much stronger than we expected.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So is there -- I mean, can you lay out any details on kind of the plan going forward or timing? Is it a manpower issue? Is it finding sort of the right integration or the right structure for the organization?
Kent J. Thiry: It's primarily a resource question and you can't, of course, just go out and hire 2 people and have them be wonderful at day 1 or 20 people and you can't suddenly take 10 people and shift them from one job to another. So it's all the normal nitty-gritty operating stuff. But at the core of it is just having enough of the right bodies in order to deliver that which we know how to deliver with partners who want us to deliver it. So lots of good news if we can drive ourselves to a new level of capability quickly.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Jim, could you explain the earn-out contingent fair value in a little bit more detail? If I'm doing the math correctly, it looks like it declined from $126 million to $57 million, which would seem like a relatively big change in the fair value of something, so maybe walk us through the math there.
James K. Hilger: Sure. Actually, you got to the numbers pretty much spot on, Gary. The -- when we acquired HCP in our purchase accounting, we had to estimate the fair value at that time. We had thought the likelihood that they would achieve their 2013 earn-out being quite high and we had initially valued it in purchase accounting at roughly the $125 million number. Our assessment at the end of the second quarter was it was more of a 50-50 matter and so the value of it is approximately 50% of the total earn-out, which is $137.5 million.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And is that -- forgive me for not knowing this but -- so is that the earn-out for 2013 or is that over a longer period of time?
James K. Hilger: It's for 2013. If you recall in the original architecture of the transaction, there was a $275 million potential earn-out related to the achievement of EBITDA in 2012 and 2013. HCP achieved the earn-out in 2012 and that's been paid. And then in 2013, the other 50% of the $275 million is the opportunity for HCP and we are handicapping the likelihood that they'll achieve that at roughly 50%.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And the goal there was -- that was $600 million of EBITDA, is -- was -- is that the number that's the target?
James K. Hilger: That is the target.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe if I could get one more question in on HCP and I'll jump in -- back in the queue. Could we maybe get a little bit more detail on the update in New Mexico?
Kent J. Thiry: Sure. We continue to -- what are the right words? We have not yet nailed down a sustainable partnership there. That's the bad news. It'd be good if that was done. The good news is there are multiple people who want us to be their long-term partner, and we're making good progress in figuring out who is going to be the right one. But in the meantime, we're taking some hits in the context of the overall enterprise. Not huge, but nonetheless, versus what we expected when we were developing the guidance for 2013, they're higher than what we had planned on. Is that responsive?
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes, that's helpful and then maybe just a follow-up. It's essentially the same issue that's been fairly well documented in the press or has there been any change in that dynamic?
Kent J. Thiry: It's pretty much the same.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake at JPMorgan.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First, let's start on HCP. You mentioned on your last call that approximately half of the rate pressure in Medicare Advantage next year could be mitigated by whole-plan bidding. Given those bids were filed in June, I'm hoping you can give us an update here on how we should think about HCP going into next year in this regard.
Robert J. Margolis: Justin, Bob Margolis here. We won't know that, unfortunately, until the plans officially are approved by CMS and that's not until the October timeframe. So as you may know, the plans hold, fairly close to the vest, their decisions on benefits for competitive reasons, give us some indications that they may or may not be moving to greater beneficiary responsibility and we continue to estimate, as we said before, that perhaps, half of that allowable portion of the MA cuts could be mitigated through benefit changes but we do not have new information at this point.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So this isn't a two-way discussion between you and the plans in terms of how they're going to accept benefits. At the end of the day, they are going to set them where they feel like they need to and you'll respond in terms of either accepting them or not, how do -- is that the way to think about it?
Robert J. Margolis: That is generally a true statement. I wouldn't say we did not have significant conversations and input with our plan partners, more with the ones where we have our large penetration in their membership and less when we have a smaller penetration. But ultimately, for competitive reasons, they make decisions about margin versus market share that are broader than their relationship just with us.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. And then my follow up question, I just wanted to go back to the interactions with DC and CMS. If we -- clearly, I think, Kent, you gave a lot of color on how these rate cuts have iterated and -- in and of themselves, it's clear that dialysis isn't the only industry going through this in terms of CMS looking for dollars. And when you add it on top of the oral meds being delayed by Congress, the integrated care demo been disappointing, curious if you can expand a little bit in terms of how you feel with the relationship with DC is currently versus what I call, at least on my 10-plus years following the company, the partnership that the industry has kind of enjoyed with DC over time.
Kent J. Thiry: It's a fair question, Justin, and I guess, when you cite the facts as you just did and as we have, it's clear that they made some decisions that we really wish they hadn't and in particular, in a couple of cases, really affecting our ability to take the quality of care and the effectiveness of each taxpayer dollar to a whole nother new level so it's profoundly frustrating. I don't think there's been any big change in our effectiveness as a community or how we're viewed as a community. Maybe some change because sometimes when a couple of companies are successful then they become more tempting targets. But that -- also, we don't want to throw out at some sort of convenient excuse if we're not doing the right job of advocacy and doing it the right number of years ahead of time. So I -- as you know, it's kind of unanswerable question because there's so many different people in CMS. There's so many different people in Congress. There's so many different people in MedPAC. I -- I'm kind of stumbling here. So I think it's a fair question and certainly, we haven't done as well the last couple of years as we did the prior 10. But I don't think it's because of a dramatic shift in either of those 2 areas. But if someone asserted there had been some shift, I certainly couldn't prove them wrong.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck at Bank of America.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I think that there's not many providers would feel like CMS is treating them terribly well nowadays. But maybe we'll go back to Justin's first question around how the bidding process actually works. And I guess I understand the concept of not being able to see the plan's full benefits, understanding how that flows through but I guess I'm just trying to understand to -- the way I interpreted your response to that question was that you would not really know what rate you're going to get paid until October from the health plans. And I would think that would make it very difficult for the health plans to bid appropriately, not knowing if a major provider's are going to be in their network or out of network and [indiscernible] -- they didn't vote [ph] for you to run your business for the following year without the kind of visibility until October. So I just want to make sure that I understood that dynamic correctly and to the extent that I did, in periods of rate volatility in the past, I guess, how outside of the expectations did the rate come? How often do you end up terminating in October when you finally see the rates?
Kent J. Thiry: So let me take a shot at that and perhaps Matthew will chime in as well. We do not generally need to renegotiate the contracts based on benefit changes because we prenegotiated that material benefit changes that have financial impact will be re-adjudicated and the benefit change is often just member responsibility or beneficiary responsibility versus plan. So we have the opportunity if there is a shift of copayments, et cetera, to the beneficiary to collect that directly, which has a bit of a neutral offset. So significant benefit changes that were detrimental to us would in almost all of our contracts require a negotiation, which, since we are major providers to the health plan and they have been traditionally excellent partners, I would say has low probability of the terminations that you suggested.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. But do you have preliminary indications at this point? Or is that really still an October time period when you get that visibility?
Robert J. Margolis: We will not know the final benefit design of the plans until October.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Until then, you won't know your final rate until October. Okay. And then I guess you kind of alluded to the problems at EBQ [ph] , I guess, but is it purely an issue of volume shortfall that's creating the problem? Is -- or is there something on the medical management side that's falling short? I guess I am still not clear about what exactly is the shortfall there.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, I don't think we want to go into too much detail on one market and some of the competitive dynamics. It's just not in your best interest. But suffice it to say, when a leading physician group and a leading hospital get into a battle, it's expensive. And it's because of what happens with volume, what happens to the rates, what happens with referral patterns, what happens with also administrative expenses, legal expenses, PR expenses, lobbying expenses, so you put all those together and it means that everybody is distracted and not doing as well financially.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess going back to the commentary before about centers that aren't profitable and closing or potentially at risk for closing if the rate cut was to go through as proposed. Is there any way to get a ballpark number as to how much money is actually being lost in those centers? Is it $50 million? Or is it bigger than that? Or I mean, how do we think about the relative size of that?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. And I think I know we've not disclosed that and, at least for now, won't disclose it. In some cases, it's a tricky analysis because a center that loses money is part of a broader network of centers where we're strongly affiliated with a particular physician group or hospital and so talking about the losses of a particular center in the form of an exact number is kind of tricky in exactly what would happen if you closed it. And then many other centers are just much more pure-play, independent centers that lose money. So for right now, we've not gone through the exercise of trying to segment them into the different categories. We're just focused on looking at which ones we would very sadly have to close if reimbursement made that a necessity.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe last question on a very different topic, one that we haven't talked about this couple of quarters but I just want to make sure I'm not going to be surprised by this next year. Any thoughts on exchanges now that we've gone through exchange contracting? How has that been going for you? Are you getting rates close to commercial? Is there any reason to expect any kind of disruptions as far as whether dialysis is or is not covered under the, like I said earlier, the payer part on the exchange or that the rates are substantially different than in commercial at this point?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, in general, our position is that our commercial rates are commercial rates and exchanges are commercial patients and commercial enterprises. And as to the impact of exchanges, overall, of course, you know that nobody -- anybody who forecast that with uncertainty should not be trusted. But what we said, in general, is that if you look at the number of additional insured patients we might have but weren't insured before and the rates that they will be reimbursed at versus patients that are currently reimbursed high and move to an exchange where, for some reason, because of a change in plan or something else or plan design, have a lower reimbursement rates, that the net of those 4 different vectors, we think, for us is more likely to be a negative than a positive. But that's just repeating the same thing we've said for 2 years now. And beyond that, like everyone else, we're watching what's going on in every state and don't know what's going to happen. I do think -- I appreciate the questions and we can come back to you again a little bit later in the queue, if that's okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich at Piper Jaffray -- I'm sorry, Bank of America.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: No, he had it right, it was Piper Jaffray. I guess just going back to HealthCare Partners, Kent, did you say in your prepared remarks that you had exited a contract? And if so, I was just wondering, is that why the membership is down sequentially? How much of an impact did that have?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, that's exactly right. The sequential decline from Q1 was because we had bad rates in one arrangement and it wasn't going to change. In fact, it was going the wrong direction and so we exited. It just didn't make sense and it's so important, as you know, to maintain rate discipline.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Will you say -- can you tell us which market that was in?
Kent J. Thiry: Don't think that's a good idea for you, for us to get into too many individual market competitive dynamics. More often than that, that can actually impair our ability to execute on our strategy and do the arrangements that you want us to as much more likely than helping us.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it, okay. And then I was just wondering if you'd maybe talk about the utilization trends that you saw during the quarter and kind of the puts and takes and how that impacted the HCP business.
Kent J. Thiry: Before Bob or Matthew answer that, let me just go back because I was being a little tentative in one of my answers and I now know I don't need to be that, with respect to rates and exchanges, up to this point, for health plans that want access to our network where we've agreed on them having access to our network, we've been successful in getting commercial rates. That is the dominant reality in that sphere. And then I'll go back to one thing that Justin brought up too before they answer the question, which is, parts of that -- what was a little puzzling and surprising about the ESCO announcement is that very senior people at CMS, and I mean very senior, expressed a real desire to have integrated care happen for a lot more Medicare patients in the Kidney Care program. And to get a proposal back that's so inconsistent with that was -- is a little bit puzzling, although we've got our hypotheses. But now, as to the answer to your question, I'll turn to Bob or Matthew.
Robert J. Margolis: Nothing specific to add on utilization. There is volatility as Kent described in quarter-to-quarter numbers in HealthCare Partners. In the second quarter, we had higher-than-anticipated utilization. There's a variety of reasons why that happens but I don't think it's useful to go into great detail on that. And so long-term trend, we were higher than expected with our great expectation that our coordinated care services and attention to detail will get us back on trend.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Bob, I just kind of want to follow up on that. It seems like everyplace else where -- all the other providers are really talking about lower utilization and is it really just the patient population in the markets that you guys are in, which is why you're seeing higher-than-expected utilization trends?
Robert J. Margolis: I think this was a one -- a quarterly issue. And I think, overall, our utilization trends compare very favorably with what you're seeing in the market. We did have, which ultimately we believe will be good news, significant new member growth, which Kent described in those new members often come in with deferred health care needs, which, of course, we take care of as quickly as we can. So I think that may play a part of it. I'm not going to -- as you saw, a 20% year-over-year growth in MA in our legacy markets is very substantial and hopeful signs for future margins on that patient volume.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. And then just one more on dialysis, if I could. Lot's been talked about with rebasing in the proposal. But I think Jim said LeAnne is on the call and I'm just curious what the conversations are like on The Hill and DC and how the efforts are going.
Kent J. Thiry: LeAnne, take it away.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes, we have been working late in the last 3 weeks with the House. And we did get a letter in support of looking fairly at reimbursement from 205 signatories, so that was very good. We're also working with the Senate Finance Committee as we did before the rule was out to take a next step in pursuing appropriate reimbursement. We're also working with some non-Senate Finance Senate members until like we are getting good education and good response to help us work appropriately with the agency. Is that responsive?
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Yes, that's helpful.
Kent J. Thiry: And LeAnne, is it -- can you go ahead and disclose -- I know the entire community is scared and communicating proportionate to that fear. Can you -- is it fair to let the group know how many emails and letters have come from the DaVita community alone to people on The Hill?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Sure. We have topped the 80,000 mark. And as Kent said, a number of the other organizations and coalitions have letter-writing campaigns and advocacy campaigns and those numbers are getting quite significant as well. So very good, uniform effort through the community.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. There's never been such pervasive fear.
Operator: And your next question comes from Matthew Borsch at Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe if you can talk about how are you working with private payers on reimbursement in that front? Are you -- I guess the question I'm asking is, are you seeing any pushback there on their effective subsidization of the dialysis program? Or is the fact that they can also see this Medicare rate update scaring them away from even trying to impact the reimbursement on the commercial side?
Kent J. Thiry: The answer is they will push back on rates as aggressively as they always have and as we would if we were in their chairs. Now having said that, the laws of gravity can't be disputed. And if we take a reimbursement cut, that means we and all sorts of dialysis providers will have to draw a different line in the sand in trading off price versus volume because you can't survive otherwise. So they will push as vigorously as they always have. However, a cut does mean that everybody has to be even stronger in their resistance to that because it's so important.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And if I could ask a question on the pipeline for HealthCare Partners. As you think about those opportunities relative to opportunities that have come up since you closed or even before you closed, and in instances where hospitals and health plans have been willing maybe to offer higher amounts than you thought was prudent for some of these physician groups where they've come up for sale, is that dynamic something that you expect to change? Do you think that there are groups that are willing to think longer term than just the immediate price that they might get and think longer term about which model will work best?
Robert J. Margolis: Well, we certainly believe so and hope so. The attractiveness, we believe, of a patient- and physician-centric clinical model is very attractive to physicians everywhere. And as you referenced, the robustness of our pipeline is not just physician groups that we are talking to but payers that would like our model to be translated into markets that they have significant market share, shared participation arrangements with hospitals that are trying to learn how to take on and manage risk. And so I think there's a much broader universe than just the relative number of physician groups up for sale, some of whom will gravitate towards highest price and some of them towards sort of cultural alignment.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And is the challenge for the company now to have the -- to build up the business development assets to be able to simultaneously go at different complicated opportunities in many different geographic markets?
Robert J. Margolis: I think that's a fair statement and why Kent referenced the significant work we're doing to build the, as he puts it, the muscles of our business development team, using a lot of the growth and knowledge and experience of our DaVita teammates, who have done these for years successfully, and the HealthCare Partner capabilities translated into coordinated and accountable care in many, many more markets where, we believe, the country is moving inexorably away from fee-for-volume to fee-for-value.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And let me just, if I could, ask a question on the integrated care pilot. And you got this question before but have you considered where you could be maybe an MA-plan sponsor yourself, not in competition with payers generally, but just for the purposes of the dialysis patients and take it on that way?
Kent J. Thiry: We would love to. There's a whole bunch of structural obstacles to our being able to do that. However, we think about it every year because we know we have such a powerful value proposition to bring to bear. It's just that there's not a clear rifle shot, nothing close to it, in terms of an ability to have that manifest itself in a commercially, reasonable and sustainable way.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ben Andrew at William Blair.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Maybe a question about the dual eligibles opportunity. With some of the states delaying implementation of their programs, it does seem like California might still be moving forward. Is there any update there, plans or how that may shake out for you guys over the next year or so?
James K. Hilger: You're absolutely right. The states are all in a state of negotiation and discussion. California does seem committed to rolling out a modified dual eligible program, meaning -- modified, meaning smaller than everybody in the counties that were approved. There is still intense discussion that we're told about but not participating in between the states and CMS over how this will be reimbursed and where the responsibility will lie for certain risks. We believe we are well positioned if the revenue meets the risk to be a very active participant in the dual program in the 2 largest counties, Los Angeles and Orange County, that are going to have approximately 200,000 dually eligible patients in the program.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Interesting, okay. And so can you talk a little bit about how they may affect the 2 different sides of the business? And so specifically, in dialysis, what -- that is -- is that what you're referring to there? Or is that a separate opportunity?
Kent J. Thiry: I'm sorry, could you repeat the question?
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: The question is how that affects the different parts of the business because if I was talking about the 200,000 patients, is -- was this specifically referring to your overall HCP business and then how would that affect, perhaps, the dialysis side?
Robert J. Margolis: So let me speak to the 200,000. That 200,000 currently fee-for-service dually eligible patients, that will be eligible and will be assigned to a managed Medicaid and presumably, a managed Medicare program. So that's where the population helps the health care partner piece potentially in the future.
Kent J. Thiry: And then on the dual side for Kidney Care, about half of our patients are duals. And so to the extent any of them become a part of other programs that are risk programs, we become a very attractive subcontractor to whoever has the global risk. Having said that, there's been a lot of talk about duals for a while and the pace at which stuff is happening is pretty slow.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. So we shouldn't expect a meaningful update there; probably some time next year, perhaps?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, we hope. They're only a couple of decisions away but you never know when they're going to be made. I think that the net for you guys is -- the good news is the long-term potential is immense and quite sustainable because there's so much waste. But predicting when they're going to actually make final decisions and implement and how much the architecture will really reflect the need to create rational incentives for people to make the big investments, predicting those 2 things is sort of a level of speculation we're not comfortable with.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then maybe a quick question for Jim on the expense side and on the international side. It looks like you lost a fair bit less money in international this quarter even as you are investing. How should we think about that, quarterly, over the next year in terms of the losses versus what you had projected before?
James K. Hilger: Well, we still expect our international losses to be in the range of $30 million for the year, and that's assuming that we don't do any large -- start up any large programs late in the year. If we do, then those numbers may change. But that's -- we were happy to see those losses trim down to $6 million in the quarter.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then another thing on the P&L we noticed was obviously the gross margin came down but SG&A kind of came down but in a commensurate amount. Do you feel like you have a fair bit more leverage to absorb some of the volatility in HCP to the extent that, that materializes? Or how should we think about those -- that margin opportunity as things shake out?
Kent J. Thiry: I'm not clear on the question whether it's HCP or Kidney Care or consolidated.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: It's really consolidated, Kent. I mean, it's thinking through kind of the moving pieces and you missed on gross margin but you also exceeded in terms of performance on controlling costs on the SG&A side. And how controllable that is versus things that are sort of, if you will, done to you each quarter?
Kent J. Thiry: Boy, I don't know how to answer. We certainly can't move G&A down quarter-by-quarter based on a retroactive recognition of what happened on the reimbursement side and utilization side. And so first, with respect to whatever happened coincidentally this quarter, I don't think want to draw any broad conclusions from that as to our ability to juggle these things. Second, are we going to look for SG&A savings in 2014 versus '13? On both sides of the house, the answer is yes. So the -- we will not come back to you with a 0 answer on that. Just on the HCP side, it's not going to be enough to offset all the cuts. In the Kidney Care side, we don't know yet if we have a cut to offset. But certainly, the one proposed would be impossible to come anywhere close to offsetting it.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John Ransom at Raymond James.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Yes, I think we're all in discovery mode with HealthCare Partners. I know you're not going to have great information as you said until the fall. But maybe if you look back in history, what has happened historically when your major partners, let's say, Humana and United, people like that, end up getting 5% to 7% cuts sequentially. Have you ever seen anything of that magnitude in your history? And historically, how have they acted with their downstream partners versus their benefit design? That might be helpful.
Kent J. Thiry: John, Bob and Matthew will answer. But before they do, let me just announce that I've got a conversation booked with a former government official. It's important I go do that. The rest of the team will be here to continue to take questions. And if in any instance there's a question where someone feels that my perspective is important beyond that which the team offered, we can take care of that over the next week or 2. So thank you all for your consideration and interest in us, and we will do our best here in the quarters and years to come. But now, Bob and Matthew, the question.
Robert J. Margolis: I think the quick and easy answer is that the health plans have not been faced with this type of cut in the last many years, and so they're all reacting as well. And not being a health plan executive, I can't pretend to say what they're doing in their -- inside of their offices, but I think reflecting the past comments, they are trying to assess the market position relative to their competitors and whether they're going to lose market share if they trim benefits too much versus gain market share and have lower margins if they don't. And the fact is CMS puts some limits on how much they could push these benefit changes down to the beneficiary. The good news is that in the markets we serve, there remains a considerable difference between the value proposition for MA and Medicare fee-for-service and that none of our markets even have a MA premium, for instance, where that is prevalent in some of the lower-paid markets that you might be aware of. So there is a fair amount of room to maintain growth and continue at being a good product, even if some benefit changes to the beneficiaries are in the direction that the beneficiaries would rather not see.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And my other question, Humana has said they want to have much more of their book sub-capitated than they have today. Do you see any evidence of that downstream to you? Or if so, when might you see and what would that look like exactly, do you think?
Robert J. Margolis: Well, as -- I think it's a great question and a business opportunity. As you may now, in all of our markets, we are capitated with our major health plans. So when they make that kind of comment, it's not relative to the more sophisticated organizations such as HealthCare Partners, but to other parts of the country where they've not been able to find capable risk-bearing physician organizations. And of course, that is the formula that we plan to use to offer up to accountable organizations elsewhere. So when Humana or others talk to us about new market entry, it's very specifically because of the problem that they're trying to address, which is they would like to go to capitated relationships. To align the incentives, we're recognizing in capitated relationships the incentives are to keep the patients well, healthy, delay or prevent chronic disease, avoidable admissions, readmissions and the like, whereas fee-for-service, those incentives do not exist and it's one of the main drivers of the health care cost conundrum the country faces.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor at Citigroup.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. The first, I was probably hoping to get Kent's perspective but I'm sure someone else can tackle it. I guess I was hoping you can maybe reconcile the thought that negative dialysis margins are an important part of the lobbying position of the industry with respect to the proposed rebasing cuts and I think this is an important part, so I just want to understand the reconciliation. If we go -- if we look at the MedPAC report based on the last analysis they did of 2010, they showed 2.3% positive margins for the whole industry. I'd presume, because of DaVita's scale, your margins might be a little better than that and then certainly, margins improved once the bundle was implemented in 2011. So how do we get back to negative overall Medicare margins? Is the MedPAC analysis just completely flawed in your opinion?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes, this is LeAnne. Yes, let me take that. Hey, no, the MedPAC analysis is based on the cost reports that we file. As Kent mentioned, one of the most significant drivers of our difference is the, let's call it, uncompensated care bucket, the unreimbursed coinsurance, which is therefore also not reimbursed through the bad debt policies. And so our biggest concern about any analysis that's done by the government, whether that be MedPAC or CMS itself, is that they're presumption is that primarily that the co-pay is 100% collected and it's not.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So even net of Medicaid contribution on dual eligible, that would net out to, overall negative, including that, that's the case?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Correct, that's a fair point. There's some other costs in the cost report, which are not recognized as we take exception for. But as a vehicle of how they do analysis, they strictly maintain the cost report filing data and don't consider these other factors.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And my second question is a little bit of a cleanup from last quarter when you booked the legal reserve for the issues with respect to the physician relationships. And I've had a few clients ask the question, so I thought I might pose it here. And the question is, is it contemplated once that settlement is reached, if it's reached, that there's any material change to physician ownership percentage in the JVs? Any material change to operating practices or if this really is, perhaps, paperwork-type changes, for lack of a better characterization?
James K. Hilger: Yes. Gary, this is Jim. And those conversations are ongoing right now on the settlement. Our goal, as we said last quarter is to ensure that we have clarification and that is a level-playing field going forward. But to talk about the nature of those discussions doesn't make sense until we have clarity on that.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan at RBC Capital Markets.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two quick questions, maybe not answering this specifically, but maybe just a comment about directionally, can you talk about what your commercial mix of business is? How -- which way it's trending on the dialysis side, is it increasing, decreasing or flat?
James K. Hilger: Yes, I mentioned this earlier in my prepared remarks. This is Jim Hilger, Frank. Our commercial mix in the quarter improved slightly.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Secondly, on -- in terms of -- if there is a need to close centers as a result, let's just say, worst-case scenario, this proposed rule stands, is there anything, any type of -- what would be the characteristics of the centers you'd be more likely to close? I mean, are these that are presumably losing more money? Are they -- is it smaller markets, larger markets? Is there anything that we could look for in terms of those centers that might be closed?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes, this is LeAnne. The commonality of those facilities are that they are high Medicare, Medicaid share. So that could be a very inner city units and it can be the very rural units. Both of those frequently do not have sufficient private pay patients to cross-subsidize the Medicare shortfall.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So will there be a priority of one over the other in terms of the magnitude of wealth, albeit versus inner city versus rural?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: No. I think they're both on the list and each center will be evaluated independently.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Dana Nenton [ph] at Deutsche Bank.
Unknown Analyst: Just wanted to clarify something from earlier, was the earn-out adjustment from the original HCP deal or were there any other subsequent deals in there?
James K. Hilger: No, that earn-out adjustment that we called out in our earnings release in our call today was related to the HCP acquisition, which closed in November of 2012, and just to make sure I got my numbers right, because I may have just supposed a number in there, we had initially recorded a fair value of approximately $125 million through our purchase accounting of HCP in that transaction. And that -- we have adjusted that by $57 million and are now -- the fair value that we are placing on that earn-out obligation is approximately $69 million. And I believe --
Jim Gustafson: Yes, I'm going to say, I believe that's the last of the questions in the queue. So again, I want to thank everybody for your interest in the company. And as Kent always says, we will strive to continue to do well with your money over the next quarter and look forward to talking to you in the future. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-07 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - Vice President of Investor Relations Kent J. Thiry - Co-Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer James K. Hilger - Interim Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller Robert J. Margolis - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Matthew Mazdyasni - Chief Financial & Administrative Officer and Executive Vice President Kim M. Rivera - Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Group Vice President
Analysts: Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael A. Newshel - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Sharon, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita HealthCare Partners Q1 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Jim Gustafson, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, Sharon, and welcome, everyone, to our First Quarter Conference Call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. And with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Bob Margolis, the CEO of HealthCare Partners; Matthew Mazdyasni, HealthCare Partners' Executive Vice President and CFO; Jim Hilger, our Interim CFO; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. I'd like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statements. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry: Thanks, Jim, and welcome, everyone, to a relatively sober quarterly call. I'll first cover kidney care then HCP, and I [ph] discuss their near-term and longer-term outlook. First, with respect to kidney care from a business performance point of view, another solid quarter, both clinically and operationally [indiscernible] loss contingency reserve, which of course, I'll discuss in a bit. We are first and foremost a caregiving company, serving approximately 153,000 kidney care patients [ph] [indiscernible]. [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, I apologize, but there will be a slight delay in today's conference. Please hold and the conference will resume momentarily. Thank you for your patience. [Technical Difficulty]
Jim Gustafson: This is Jim Gustafson again. My understanding is that you have -- were able to hear the disclosures statement I was making at the beginning. And so with that understanding, I would like to turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Thanks, Jim, and I'm going to assume that nobody heard anything I said clearly. So I will start from the top. First, this is relatively a sober quarterly call, somewhat symbolic that we had telephone problems. From a business point of view, kidney care performed fine in the quarter, both clinically and operationally. I will discuss the loss contingency reserve a little bit later, as well as normal covering clinical outcomes and a public policy update before I talk about HealthCare Partners and then ultimately our outlook. We will continue to present our clinical outcomes first because that is what comes first. We now serve approximately 1 out of every 3 dialysis patients in America, as well as about 800,000 population health members to HealthCare Partners. On the kidney care side, first, with respect to adequacy, which is essentially how well we're doing at removing toxins from our patients' blood. This quarter, 98% of our hemodialysis patients had a Kt/V greater than 1.2. Second, with respect to vascular access, 71% of our patients have fistulas, which is the preferred form of vascular access. For these and virtually all other clinical measures, including nutritional status, vaccinations, et cetera, our patient outcomes compare very favorably with national averages. This quality care not only results in healthier people but also drives reductions in hospitalizations and surgical procedures, and therefore, drives significant savings to the U.S. health care system. Now, on to the issue of the reserve. This is regarding the 2 physician relationship investigations that we've previously disclosed, now for about 3 years in total. We took a reserve, as you have noted, for $300 million. That is a part of a comprehensive offer to settle all the related civil, administrative and criminal matters. To be clear, we may not reach a final settlement. This is an estimate. An important reminder, this investigation is solely about physician relationships. It primarily relates to our physician joint ventures that, as you know, are subject to complex regulations under both anti-kickback and other laws. There have been no allegations concerning: One, the quality of care we provide; number two, the cost to the government; or number three, the utilization of medical services. Nonetheless, the government attorneys have taken the position that some or all of our joint ventures do not comply with the anti-kickback statute. We disagree, but we are talking with the government about its concerns and perspectives. We believe our joint venture practices were consistent, not only with regulations and the law, but with the kidney care community and with health care services overall. We look forward to working with the government to establish greater clarity and a level-playing field for JVs in the industry. We understand that you may have many questions on this topic. Please, we ask you to understand that we can't answer most of them until such time that the process is concluded in a settlement, hopefully. In addition, as of April 2013, our HealthCare Partners subsidiary was served with a civil complaint regarding Medicare patient coding practices. The suit names HCP, along with a number of defendants, including several of the nation's larger health insurance companies. We also did have some good news on the legal front in the quarter. As the Turner-Hooks matter, one of the previous Qui tam matters that we have previously disclosed, was dismissed with prejudice, which means that the matter is done with, with no discovery, no trial, no settlement, no fine, no finding against DaVita at all. On to public policy on the kidney care side. With respect to the ESRD Seamless Care Organizations or ESCOs, as most of you know, CMMI did delay implementation a couple of months. We now have a deadline of May 15 for indicating our interest, and binding proposals would be due by July 1. CMMI has continued to be a constructive partner, listening to the community, so we are hopeful that there will be some changes to the program design. And our participation, as you know, is contingent on seeing some changes in the design so that it is set up to be successful, because we do believe that if we're allowed to provide integrated care on a sustained basis to that population, we can do dramatically wonderful things for the patients, their families, physicians, caregivers and the taxpayer. On that front, I'll actually share one new and bright success story in the area of kidney care services. A recent study published by the American Journal of Kidney Disease, a peer-reviewed article, found that patients who used DaVita Rx, our integrated medication management services, are 21% more likely to live longer and 14% -- have spent 14% fewer days in the hospital each year than patients who do not use that service. And we now have over 50,000 patients on that service, something that we invested in for several years before we could get it to breakeven and the wonderful clinical and economic results that we're now experiencing. On the HealthCare Partners front. And very good news on that performance. And HCP's 3 legacy markets continues to be solid and in line with our expectations. On the growth front, we closed some tuck-in acquisitions in the first quarter. On the reimbursement front, the bad news is that the Medicare Advantage cuts that we feared would take place and talked about at the time that we announced the combination have actually taken place. It was on April 1 that CMS announced its final 2014 reimbursement decisions. While those rates were better than the preliminary ones announced in February, they still represent a significant decline for HCP, in particular due to the recalibration of patient risk coding when you compare '14 to '13. We estimate that, that final notice will represent a rate reduction of about 6% to 9%, somewhere in that range, on average, across our Medicare Advantage patient population. About 10% of that will be offset through contractual pass-throughs to the provider network. We, in addition, expect to offset some of the remaining rate cut impact but will not be able to give you very specific guidance with respect to that. Up to half of the remaining hit could be offset through benefit design changes that our health plan partners can and may make, because CMS will allow up to a $34 increase in per member per month total beneficiary cost. And since our 3 legacy HCP markets are currently no-premium markets, that means more or less the average payer could use that full $34 a month and still [indiscernible] 75% of the current gap in benefits. In other words, the extra benefits that an MA beneficiary receives versus a normal fee-for-service beneficiary that you could use the full $34 allowance and still retain, on average, about 75% of the current superiority. So given the size of that benefit gap, we do expect many plans will reduce their benefits or increase beneficiary cost, but we could be wrong. It is their decision, not ours, in virtually every case. In addition to plan design, we will, of course, work on incremental cost and efficiency initiatives to try to offset even more of this dramatic rate reduction. And, of course, as we move forward, we will give you updates as we have them. As to our overall outlook regarding the balance of 2014 (sic) [2013], we are increasing the lower end of our range. Our 2013 operating income guidance, excluding the impact of the loss contingency reserve, is now $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion. This includes dialysis and its related businesses' operating income in the range of $1.4 billion to $1.45 billion, and then HealthCare Partners OI in the range of $400 million to $450 million. As always, we could end up above or below this guidance, but it does capture a majority of the probabilistic outcomes and incorporates all known swing factors. I will now turn the call over to Jim Hilger.
James K. Hilger: Thanks, Kent. First, a few more dialysis operating metrics. Our non-acquired growth was 4.4% when normalized for days of the week, and our commercial mix improved slightly in the quarter. One of the reasons for a continued strong non-acquired growth is that we have closed very few centers over the last couple of years, choosing to continue to operate a large number of centers that are losing money. However, this could change with sequestration and rebasing, and a poor rebasing result could lead us to close more centers, which would adversely impact our growth. Next, our U.S. dialysis revenue per treatment increased $10.28 from the prior quarter. This was driven primarily by increased Medicare rates, normal commercial rate increases and a slight improvement in our commercial mix. As you model revenue for the rest of the year, you should take into account the impact of sequestration, which resulted in a 2% cut in our Medicare rates, which is about $20 million per quarter reduction in our dialysis Medicare revenue. U.S. dialysis patient care cost per treatment rose $3.52 from the prior quarter, driven primarily by seasonally higher payroll taxes and seasonally higher fixed cost per treatment due to fewer treatment days in the quarter. Dialysis G&A per treatment was up $1.29 per treatment, primarily driven by compensation expense, including seasonal fluctuations related to fewer treatment days in the quarter and higher payroll tax. During the quarter, we experienced $7 million in international losses, reflecting improved international performance, with the addition of our operations in Poland and Portugal. Please note, we still continue to expect operating losses in 2013 to be less than $30 million, absent securing any large new contracts that would have associated startup costs. And now, a comment about HCP's operating performance. HCP's performance was solid in the quarter with operating income of $110 million. Total capitated HCP members (sic) [HCP member months] grew 5.8% sequentially, of which 2.1% was acquisition-related. Year-on-year, member months grew 20.3%, of which 16.2% was acquisition-related. And note that this compares incorporates dates prior to the completion of our merger, which occurred on November 1, 2012. For the overall enterprise, our debt expense was $106 million in the first quarter. Given the current debt levels, our expectation is that debt expense will be around $430 million for the year, which includes the impact of the interest rate hedges we put in place late in the first quarter. The effective tax rate attributable to DaVita HealthCare Partners, excluding the loss contingency reserve, was 40.7% in the quarter. And we continue to expect an effective tax rate of 40% to 41% for 2013, excluding the impact of a loss contingency reserve. Now turning to cash flow. Operating cash flow was $379 million in the first quarter. And our 2013 operating cash flow guidance remains at $1.35 billion to $1.5 billion. This guidance excludes the impact of any legal settlement we may reach. And with that, operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matthew Borsch from Goldman Sachs.
Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is Brian Zimmerman in for Matt. With the rebasing in mind, can you talk a little bit about what levers you could pull to mitigate some of the potential cuts on the cost side?
Kent J. Thiry: Sure. This is Kent. We have always tried, as everyone does, to run themselves pretty efficiently. So while we will be taking a second and look -- second and third look at everything on both sides of the house, right now, we can't offer up any material number with the degree of confidence that would warrant publicly mentioning it. So we're going to do the best we can, but right now we can't attach a number to that for you.
Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then regarding the CMMI pilot program, you said that you've had some positive discussions. I was hoping you could give us a bit more color on that? And then when would you expect to see any changes to the program, because May 15 is coming up pretty quickly?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, you are right. Although, in many respects, it's the later date that's more relevant because that's the binding proposal. And I should correct the mistake I made earlier. Evidently, I said 2014 when I was talking about outlook and guidance going forward and I should have said 2013, so I apologize for that. With respect to CMMI, the positive interaction is a commentary, unfortunately, just on the quality of the process and the fact that they're listening, it is not that they have told us that they're going to change anything specifically or generally, so we have high hopes and we're just glad that they listen to us and we've got a quality dialogue. But they haven't given us any indication that they actually will make material changes.
Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then my last question is, you mentioned that you saw a bit of a pickup in payor mix this quarter. What percentage of your dialysis volumes were from commercial payers?
James K. Hilger: It's approximately 10% of our patients are commercial.
Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And it was 10% last quarter, too, is that correct?
James K. Hilger: Yes, it was. It just -- it improved just slightly from that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich from Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I just wanted to ask some questions here about MA in your comments, obviously, about 2014. You talked a little bit about some of the contractual pass-throughs that you expect and quantified that. I guess on the other 2 pieces, you said you're working on other offsets and so I'd be curious just to get your thoughts and maybe you can share with us, Bob or Matt, how you might be able to accomplish that? And then as far as the benefit design changes by the plans, at this stage of the game, what kind of visibility do you have into the half of the offset that Tim mentioned from what the plans are going to be doing?
Robert J. Margolis: Bob Margolis here. I'll try to answer it pretty similar to actually Kent's answer about the rebasing, and that is, we always to try to run a very efficient operation. There'll be opportunities, we think, to be more efficient in some areas and to really look hard at our cost structure going forward. You did mention that there's a pass-through of about 10% of it. And as to the benefit question, as you've heard in other analysts' analyses, it's a fairly significant $34 per member per month that CMS has allowed to be shared with the beneficiaries. And there's still an enormous gap of better benefits in Medicare Advantage versus Medicare fee for service. Whether or not the plans will choose to pass some or all of that $34 on to beneficiaries is out of our control. They do inquire and discuss with us benefit in many of our markets. But ultimately, they make the determination, not us. I think it's relevant to point out that we are in relatively rich benefit markets, none of which have Medicare Advantage premiums. And so there is a fair amount of room and some expectation on our part that there will be movement in that direction. But again, it's something the plans will make -- independently make that decision in their initial filings in May.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Sure. And then, Bob, maybe just a bigger-picture question for you. You've seen lots of MA cycles over time. We'd love to just get your view on enrollment and how you think enrollment in your 3 core markets might be disrupted by some of this?
Robert J. Margolis: Again, it's not possible to be very precise on that. We believe that the MA program is still strong, as we've seen over the last couple of years, despite some projections of some of the people in the administration that the program would shrink. It's actually grown pretty robustly. We've seen a good new membership this past year as was reflected in the numbers that Kent offered up. And it really is still a strong program, so we're hopeful to see. But, of course, if you move more of the cost to the beneficiaries, it's less of an incentive than it had -- they had before to join the program. So we don't expect it to be dramatically bad. But we don't have any way to project accurately what it will be.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that's great. And just one last question. Just as it relates to the joint venture model, Kent, you -- we've all thought about it as sort of a time-tested model, given that JVs have been around for so long. Can you just maybe confirm for us whether part of your settlement offer is to stop doing JVs in the future? And maybe just help us think about the status of the JVs that you currently have overall, whether the structure would need to change?
Kent J. Thiry: None of the specifics have been worked out at this point, Darren. And for us, the strategic imperative is a level-playing field.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So we should assume then that JVs will still continue to be part of your operating model?
Kent J. Thiry: At this point, I'm afraid I just can't give you a definite prediction in either direction. The government has agreed that non-Safe Harbor joint ventures can be legal, and we're still discussing exactly what structures qualify and which ones they think do not. We, of course, have been under the impression for a decade that the way we've been doing them is fine. And so we're having to do a lot of sorting through with them. And right now, there has been no resolution.
James K. Hilger: This is Jim Hilger. I just wanted to correct a statement I made earlier. When I was discussing HCP's operating performance and describing the growth of total capitated HCP member months, I believe I just said total capitated HCP members, and I intended to say member months.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Justin Lake from JPMorgan.
Michael A. Newshel - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Mike Newshel in for Justin. Another question on the settlement. Can you just clarify whether you're negotiating with the Colorado AG and the federal attorneys separately or are they negotiating together with you?
Kent J. Thiry: It's one set of multipart negotiations.
Michael A. Newshel - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And since you sort of put a dollar estimate on there, I mean is the major point of the sessions going forward more in terms of oversight or the structure of JVs, how -- what they think is acceptable? Or is still like the dollar amount still a big part of the discussions?
Kent J. Thiry: Dollars are still under discussion as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Weight from Feltl and Co.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Jim, I think you were talking about the non-acquired growth of dialysis. How many centers are actually operating at a loss?
James K. Hilger: Well, it varies from time to time. But it is a minority of our centers, clearly. But more than a handful.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, okay, fair enough...
Kent J. Thiry: Could you repeat the question, please? I didn't catch it.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes, I was -- Jim, I believe, unless I misunderstood it, had referenced that some of your centers are operating at a loss. And I was interested how many actually are.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, the number varies somewhat. But it's -- it varies between 140 and 200, somewhere in that range.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And how many members did HCP gain during the annual enrollment period this year on the MA side?
James K. Hilger: We don't break out the membership for HCP on a quarterly basis.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, all right. And then just kind of a more big picture here on HCP. When you guys bring on new members, I'm assuming they come on at lower margins than what you currently -- more mature members have -- are, is that correct?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, that's correct. We expect that over time, best practices and so on of all the years of our experience will diffuse to the new membership that we bring on.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And in regards to that, and I'm sure it's a combination of both, I'm wondering if you could kind of maybe tell me or directionally point to us which one is more important in terms of maturing those margins. Is it understanding kind of the disease profile and diagnosis which then can be correctly used to code that patient properly? Or is it more towards the implementation of kind of the care coordination and clinical initiatives that you have?
Kent J. Thiry: As been stated before, it's a complex set of integrated care expertise that we and others like us that involves improving the coding and diagnosis and documentation as you mentioned. The utilization by focusing on health, wellness and prevention and avoidable admissions and readmissions, excellent post-acute care management and training doctors, care managers, disease managers, social workers and the like into total integrated care, so it's a complex of all of those aspects that has to occur over time.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: How much do you feel that risk coding and properly risk coding contributes historically kind of to your PMPM growth?
Kent J. Thiry: You can't really break it out and -- because you're always coding the entire population that you have, the ones who have been with you for a long time, as well as the new ones. And so perhaps, ask the question again and see if we can be more helpful.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: I was just -- because you probably -- I'm assuming you get the 2 risk code adjustments per year from CMS. And so I'm curious what that does as an impact of kind of the overall growth in the revenue PMPM side? How much does that contribute?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, the adjustments have been positive and nontrivial. But I don't think -- they move around enough that giving you a single number I don't think would be that helpful. And, of course, they all are absorbed on a delayed basis into the aggregate business economics. And so on a year-over-year basis, these things tend to even out absent the big step function decisions, like the ones the government just made. So I don't think there is any helpful analysis in there for you beyond what we've said. Matthew, would you amend that?
Matthew Mazdyasni: No, I think what -- the other thing about coding, which is important, there's always a year delay because you have to code this, as you know, this year and you get paid next year. So as Bob Margolis said, we try to focus on more diagnosing the patient so we can have the appropriate treatment plan for those patients and disease management program. That's more important to us at the beginning than trying to maximize the coding.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And last question, then I'll jump off. Last time you faced significant MA rate pressure is probably, I'm assuming, 2010. Now there's this accumulation effect, I understand that. But is there anything you can look back in terms of what you learned that may help you manage the pressures that you're facing in 2014?
Kent J. Thiry: We all learn from history. You're probably not old enough to remember the balanced budget amendment. We learned from that. We did learn that MA cycles, we believe that it's an excellent program that provides tremendous care to sick and fragile seniors and that it has a benefit structure significantly better than Medicare fee-for-service. And that there will be fluctuations in membership growth and in margins as the government adjusts from time to time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman from Wells Fargo Securities.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Question, just going back to some of the prepared comments in terms of the ability to mitigate part of the 6% to 9% rate reduction. I just want to make sure I heard the components correctly. So I think you said 10% of -- should be offset through contract pass-throughs and then I guess 50% could be offset through potential benefit designs. Were there any other pieces that you've discussed or mentioned there that could help offset the rate reduction?
Kent J. Thiry: Those are the 2 sources of offset that are directly related to the issue itself, of the decision the government made. Anything else would have to be operating improvements of the normal business variety, either finding additional efficiencies, driving additional acquisitions, driving additional same-store growth, things like that. So everything else is normal business and trying to do more of it than usual.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And have you had a chance to look and see how doable it would be to achieve other efficiencies to offset part of the rest of it?
Robert J. Margolis: Yes, we'd be very disappointed if the number was 0. But at the same time, no way right now to give you any assurance that the additional number is certain enough or large enough to mention.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then on -- I guess, on the JVs and the discussions, I appreciate that you probably can't share too much with us. But is there any other detail, is there a sort of a specific piece of it that seems to be at issue in terms of what -- where they think the JVs might have violated the Safe Harbor?
Robert J. Margolis: It's a very reasonable question, and I'm afraid we can't just go there. The -- to go into more detail on the live conversations would just not be a good idea. It wouldn't be constructive. And since the conversations are still going on and we don't know where they're going to end up, we might very well tell you something that's wrong, which would be really dysfunctional.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And what's the timing or your best guess for the timing of when if it sort of continues down the path that it's going, when it might be resolved?
Robert J. Margolis: It's a guess only because we're not the primary determinant of the pace. And these are complicated areas, and we're dealing with multiple parties. So very, very difficult to venture forth for the guess. But in the spirit of trying to be useful, if we get to a point of a successful conclusion before it's entirely paper and consummated, my guess is it would be a few months. But again, the operative word is, that's a guess, there's a lot of variables.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then going to the rebasing, have you had any incremental conversations or any conversations at all with CMS around the rebasing and the framework for the rebasing and how they're thinking about it and your input into that?
Robert J. Margolis: Do the question again so I don't ramble, please?
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So I guess the question is in terms of discussing the rebasing with CMS, have you had any discussions with CMS around the rebasing? And where, I guess, do you think their head is at with regards to some of the comments you made, maybe last quarter about your thoughts on what the rebasing should be based on, changes in utilization and changes on price, et cetera?
Robert J. Margolis: Yes. Okay, a very fair question. The -- we have had high-quality conversations and we have made the analytical point that the drop in utilization has been totally offset by increases in price of the subject drugs themselves. In other words, the same ones that got used less had higher and higher prices, which offset a majority of the decline. And then the other revenue leakage that was not intended to be a part of putting in a bundle, but in fact happened because of the case-mix adjusters and other variables, means that in aggregate, our economics have not changed on the Medicare side, which means we still lose money on average on every Medicare treatment we do across America. And so we've gone in and made that point, and we would love to have the government take us up on our offer to come in and do additional audits. So they see that the data from the industry is absolutely spot on and timely because so many of their data sources lag in terms of timing. And so the good news is they've had the meetings with us. They've listened. They've asked good questions. On the other hand, they're staring at the legislation, which targets very selectively and unfairly the one part of the cost structure that did in fact go down. They, however, retain the right and, in fact, the legal responsibility to take into account the entire picture with respect to ESRD economics. So put all that together and you end up not knowing where they will come out, but we have had an opportunity to make a whole lot of accurate, analytical, real-world community-wide points.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And so I guess the timing is still around the beginning of July for the proposed rule?
Robert J. Margolis: That's my understanding of the current predictions. And I don't know if there'd be any reason to think that it would slip, given the magnitude of the work. But that's what people are saying right now.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe my last question on the 8-K regarding the agreement with Berkshire. I haven't had a chance, I sort of skimmed through it. But it seems that they are agreeing not to purchase more than 25% of DaVita shares. Was -- is there something that you're giving them in return for that or is that just sort of something they were willing to enter into?
Robert J. Margolis: They were willing to enter into that. Kim, would you like to add anything?
Kim M. Rivera: I'd say we agreed to coordinate the HSR filing with them.
Robert J. Margolis: Could you hear that?
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I think so. Agreed to file an HSR filing?
Kim M. Rivera: We agreed to coordinate the HSR filing with them, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from BofA Merrill Lynch.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a question here on the 6% to 9% MA cut that you announced before. Is that inclusive of the industry fee or would the industry fee be an addition to that? And how do you deal with that in relationship to the managed care companies? Do you [indiscernible] that, that's something they need to pay or is that something that they're going to try to pass on to you?
Kent J. Thiry: That's a fair question, and we -- that's why we gave a range because we're still discussing that with our health plans.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So that's in the range, but the higher end of the range included it in the lower end of the range or not?
Robert J. Margolis: That's correct.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then, Kent, your commentary about the $34 cut and the 75% of the delta received [ph] [indiscernible], is that just a long way of saying that you provide about $130 to $140 of extra benefits today? So unless [ph] you cut $34, you'd still be providing about $100 of extra benefits, is that the way to think about it?
Kent J. Thiry: That's the right way to think about it and, of course, every plan in every market is a little bit different. But if you took a bit of a weighted average, that puts you in the right ballpark in the legacy markets that we're in.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then you also said in the prepared comments that the rate cuts that you expect at the time of the deal unfortunately have come to pass. Does that mean that when you look at these rates, you think that this is basically in line with kind of how you thought things would be trending for HCP or is this more front-end loaded? Is this worse? I mean how do you think about these rate cuts in context of how you thought about this as you entered the whole transaction?
Kent J. Thiry: Got it. I'll take 2 cuts at answering, and perhaps other people's answer on our team would be different. On the one hand, it's them doing what they did and when they did it is worse than we thought it would be. Second, on the other hand, HealthCare Partners' operating performance has exceeded what we thought it would be. And so if you look at what we said when we announced the marriage, we are still in a good position to be where we said we would probably be in 2014. We can't guarantee it, so it kind of depends how you look at it. My first answer was sort of no, this is worse than we thought. And second answer is, well, if you look at it in a broader sense, we're about where we thought. Or we still have a shot at being where we thought, maybe that's a more accurate way to put it.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's certainly more similar to the way that we normally hear things from you anyway, if not, it's more accurate. I guess how does it change your view, if at all, about consolidating the HCP side of the industry? I mean, do you still feel like the opportunity is as robust as it was or do these rate cuts make it more difficult on the margin to make some of these acquisitions that you're evaluating work out?
Kent J. Thiry: Two-part answer. Again, on the one hand, when you take a reimbursement hit and your margins suffer, it's tougher to invest. There's less of a margin for error, and maybe some people even lose some interest that you thought were attractive partners, although we're not seeing any of that since most of the world seems to think that the fundamental trends are inexorable. So that's the bad part where you say, gosh, that hurts us and our probabilities and prospects for what we intended to do and still intend to do. On the other hand, if you're better at something than most people and are more committed, then when you take a rate cut like this, some people are going to check out or fail because there's no longer enough margin to support their learning curve or their efforts. And so we've certainly seen that over 15 years in dialysis that during the better reimbursement periods, of course, when I say better, I mean primarily on the private insurance side which subsidizes Medicare. The good news is you have higher margins. The bad news is you have more competition and you pay more for things. When reimbursement is tougher, you suffer on the margin front. But if you're disciplined over the long term, your return on capital may in fact be superior, as well as your rate of unit growth. So I think time will tell which of those 2 vectors is stronger.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So I guess when I think about that type of dynamic around consolidating an industry during a period of disruption, there's 2 ways I could envision HCP benefiting. One would be if the managed care companies that you're aligned with are gaining share within their respective markets, then you would get some natural follow-through from that. And the other way would be is if other providers are -- other physician groups are actually exiting the market, so you then gain it from the other side of things. I mean, is there one dynamic that you think is more impactful than the other? And then I guess, how do you think about the managed care companies that you're aligned with? Are they generally the larger companies with higher margins and therefore more likely to be consolidating or are they more representative of the industry as a whole? How do you think about that?
Kent J. Thiry: I'll answer the first one and let Bob answer the second. On the first one, the variable of having the payers that you're partnered with gaining share and derivatively enjoying that benefit versus, on the other hand, the driver of the providers against whom you're competing, losing share to you and others, which of those is more powerful, that differs by market by year. And either one can be significantly more powerful than the other in any given period. And we, of course, try to benefit from both as best we can. Although in some of our markets, we work with so many payers, if one's losing share to another, for us the net effect can be 0 because we're on both sides on a Switzerland type of basis. On the second question as to the types of payers we deal with primarily, I'll turn to Bob.
Robert J. Margolis: I'll try to answer in a couple of different ways. First of all, I think we're recognized that the HCP division is having some expertise in some of our payer partners, would like to see us in more of their difficult markets, work with them to coordinate care and to work with the physicians, so that's still a driver. I would say for sure that rate cuts are not pleasant anywhere, but there's a lot of horses driving physician consolidation that are unrelated specifically to these rate cuts. First of all, lot of physician groups have a serious amount of commercial business, so it's not just MA running the whole scenario. And number two, even in the MA program, the need to align with credible partners that can help star rating, which is certainly one of the offsets to these kinds of cuts, is something that's driving it. The need for capital for technology continues to drive it. The advent of pay-for-performance and more and more transparent metrics drives this consolidation, and the frustration that physicians have in a decreasing reimbursement fee-for-service world. So I think that taking MA cuts just in isolation is not as fulsome a way to look at this as perhaps we look at it.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then as far as the -- do you guys break out acquisition spending? Do you have a breakout of the acquisition spending by division? How much of that $91 million was spent on dialysis versus HCP?
James K. Hilger: No, we do not break that out.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just looking at these -- the data here around clinicians and IPAs. Obviously, the IPAs are up a lot sequentially, but the full-time clinicians are down sequentially, even though it sounds like you bought some things in Q1. Just wanted to see -- I don't know -- this is the first time we're seeing the data. I don't know if there's any seasonality to that number around year end or what, but I just wanted to see any comments there.
Kent J. Thiry: No, we haven't had any changes on the clinician. As far as employed clinician, our contracted clinician is up. Are we having a disconnect here? Could you say the question again, please, just so we're as helpful as we can be?
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, so in the HCP operating metrics, it looks like the number of clinicians are down sequentially from 1,079 to 1,069. The IPAs are up a whole bunch, but it was just down about 1% sequentially. And I wasn't sure why that would be the case if you bought a few things in the quarter, it sounds like?
Robert J. Margolis: From time to time again, for example, if you have a certain specialty that we end up subcontracting, so they're hired by outside specialty group, so that 10 FTE that you see is just a normal business that we go through from quarter-to-quarter.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then the last question here, on ESCO, it sounds like CMS actually already has made a couple of changes from the original proposal, reducing the minimum size for each demonstration down from 500 to 350. Also reducing, I think, the minimum savings rate down to 4% to -- from 4.75% (sic) [from 4% to 4.75%] for these non-Large Dialysis Organizations. I -- do you have any comment on the -- do those things really help you at all or those are really meant to help the smaller players participate in this?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, good point, and you're right that my statement during the early part of the call was technically untrue. LeAnne, do you want to go ahead and comment on those?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes. Those would be the first signs that there was mean to the community, and we've been working together. But those are both targeted at helping the non-LDO segment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich from Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: A couple of quick follow-up questions. I guess first on HealthCare Partners, will you tell us how many acquisitions you guys did this quarter? And also given, I think there's about 258 ACOs in the country now at -- as of February, are you seeing any increased competition when you guys aren't looking at expansion opportunities?
Kent J. Thiry: Oh, we don't disclose the number of acquisitions typically. And in this particular case, it's such a small number, it's not of any particular consequence. If we ever have some sort of a spurt where there is data you need to understand to avoid misinterpreting our longer-term trends, we would certainly go ahead and do that. But otherwise, we don't since they differ in size and timing. And then your second question, again sir, please? Matthew has got it.
Matthew Mazdyasni: So I think you were referring to ACOs. And we look at the ACOs, Pioneer ACOs, Medicare ACOs and commercial ACOs, what we have seen in commercial ACOs is there are some relationship that the health plan create that's not necessarily ACO but they call it ACO. We don't see that as a competition with us. It is our regular fee-for-service patients that they're more and more on a commercial, the health plan want to move it to a coordinated population management model. On the Pioneer ACO and shared savings ACOs, again, these are your attributed Medicare patients. So we -- that doesn't create any more competition that every day we have for our fee-for-service patients. So we don't look at that. That is a competition for us because it's all about attributed members that our physicians have. Did that cover -- did that answer your question?
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Yes, that definitely clears things up. Then just kind of what's your outlook in terms of expansion opportunities? And Kent, can you remind us in your guidance for HCP's operating income, does that include acquisitions?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, it does, is the answer to the latter question.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. The other part was outlook on acquisitions.
James K. Hilger: The robust pipeline.
Kent J. Thiry: The -- we have an awful lot of people calling us and interested. Having said that, exactly when we'll close any deals that will add up to something material, is not an area where we want to put any kind of stake in the ground. So the good news is lots of interest. The bad news is we're not yet certain enough about which ones we're going to be able to and interested in closing and when that will happen and what the economics will be, so we're -- we'd be very nervous about you baking anything significant into your near-term forecast.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. Did I hear someone say pipeline is still robust pretty much?
Kent J. Thiry: There was one person on the table who contributed that, yes.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then just a question for Hammer. The G&A, it looked like it was a little bit lower this quarter. Was there anything unusual or is 10.3% of revenue kind of a good run rate that we should be looking at?
James K. Hilger: The G&A expense for the quarter is on a combined basis, the 10.3%. I'd just point out that there would be transaction costs in prior quarters that would be impacting that rate. So I think it is -- and also we only had 2 months in Q4 of HCP. But the 10.3% is going to be a good proxy. For now, it may fluctuate plus or minus, but that's a better proxy than the Q4 number.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Andrew from William Blair.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Quick questions, if I may. You talked about the number of -- you didn't give us a specific number, but the communities in which you -- closing your center or you're running at centers at poor profitability. Can you give us some sense, in your view, what chunk of your centers that are in that kind of condition, if they were to close, would cause a serious problem for patient access?
Kent J. Thiry: I don't know the exact number. And, of course [ph], the answer cannot be precise because the definition of what is -- whatever adjective you use is highly subjective, and we take any sort of disruption to patient access to care pretty seriously and that can be driving distance. It can be the quality of the center, it can be the timing of the shift that's available, et cetera, et cetera. So many ways to define disruption. But it's not a tiny number because even if there are other centers close by, if someone has to move to the night shift, that can be highly disruptive to their lives, which often translates into poor clinical outcomes, which often translates as well into more hospitalizations. So it's not a small percentage. But I don't -- it'd be pretty arbitrary for me to pick a number.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then within the integrated care program for dialysis itself, have you talked anymore about what you would like to see, what changes you would like to see made to the program? Because we see that there's some movement towards the SDOs [ph]. But is anything there enough that would if extended the LDOs be helpful for you all?
Kent J. Thiry: LeAnne, do you want to go ahead and cover that, please?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: We -- the industry has asked for a number of changes, including some on the calculation of economics. And so this is a first sign that they're taking those considerations seriously. But we really couldn't be specific beyond that because they haven't given us indication.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So there's not a threshold or something that we could really think about in terms of what would be enough?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Not at this time because there's several areas that they could make some movement that would really help us in how we feel about participation, and so we'll see -- we'll answer that question when we see their complete proposal.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vijay Malik [ph] from Peninsula Equity Advisors.
Unknown Analyst: Could you please provide some more color on the standstill you entered with Berkshire? Specifically, what prompted DaVita to enter into it and do you feel the market is underestimating DaVita's long-term cash-generation ability? Would it be disadvantageous for -- to shareholders to go private?
Kent J. Thiry: With respect to the standstill, Hammer or Kim, would one of you like to respond?
Kim M. Rivera: Can you rephrase that first part of the question?
Unknown Analyst: Sure. Just some more color on the standstill, really what prompted DaVita, what motivated DaVita to enter into it? Was this DaVita going to Berkshire based on management's opinion that the market is undervaluing the company, and even taking out a significant premium would be disadvantageous to shareholders?
Kim M. Rivera: Well, Berkshire recently approached us about the option of increasing their holdings, and we found them to be a supportive investor with a long-term view and we're glad to have them as a significant shareholder. So we entered into a discussion about coordinating an HSR filing in exchange for having an agreement that reflects the fact that they're a passive investor and this is a friendly relationship.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo from Robert Baird.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just one other question on the Berkshire standstill. Can you disclose what the length of that agreement is?
Kim M. Rivera: I believe the total -- do you mean the timing?
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: The timing.
Kim M. Rivera: I believe it's 3 years.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Three years? Okay. And my second question is just any general update on the California Duals program and your enthusiasm to participate in that program.
Kent J. Thiry: Again, it's a bit of a moving target. As you know, California got permission from CMS to move forward with it. It's still anticipated to move forward. There is still lack of clarity about how the rates will be set and where and how the risk will be apportioned relative to not only the ambulatory and institutional portions, but the post-acute and long-term care. And so, still a lot of moving parts, a big potential opportunity if the economics pan out correctly. But at this point, I can say we're in a continual discussion in both L.A. and Orange counties with the health plans that will be selected or have been selected to administer the program.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Kim M. Rivera: This is Kim. I want to make one quick correction about the question regarding the length of the standstill. I would let folks know, the entire agreement is on file with our 8-K so you can look at it, and it is meant to be in place so long as Berkshire is a 15% or above shareholder.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. I turn the call over to the presenters.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Thank you all very much for your continued interest in DaVita HealthCare Partners. We apologize that we had an unusual amount of difficult news to convey. We do, in fact, hope to reach a satisfactory resolution with the government and put that behind us, which would lead to a lot lower legal expenses and a lot less management time consumed by it. And so we're hoping that we can, in fact, reach a satisfactory resolution there. And thank you all. We'll to talk to you again soon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-14 12:30:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - Vice President of Investor Relations Kent J. Thiry - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James K. Hilger - Interim Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller Matthew Mazdyasni - Chief Financial & Administrative Officer and Executive Vice President Robert J. Margolis - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Laportia, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita HealthCare Partners Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Gustafson, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, Laportia, and welcome, everyone, to our fourth quarter call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. And with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Bob Margolis, the CEO of Healthcare Partners; Matthew Mazdyasni, HealthCare Partners' Executive Vice President and CFO; Jim Hilger, our interim CFO of DaVita HealthCare Partners; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. I'd like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statements. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent quarterly form on Form 10-Q and annual report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Thank you, Jim, and thanks to all of you out there for your interest in DaVita HealthCare Partners. Fourth quarter was a momentous one in one important respect, in that we completed the acquisition of HealthCare Partners to become our new company. That's transformational for us and hopefully, over time, transformational for many markets in American health care. I'll talk about kidney care a bit, then I'll make a couple of quick comments on HealthCare Partners and then talk about our near-term outlook, followed by a summary of things to feel good about, things to worry about. So kidney care first. It was another solid quarter. We performed well both clinically and operationally. Let me elaborate on the clinical side. We will present these outcomes first because that is what comes first. We are first and foremost a caregiving company which, on the kidney care side alone, serves approximately 153,000 dialysis patients in the United States. With respect to adequacy, which is essentially how well we're doing in removing toxins from our patients' blood, once again, we hit the 98% level in terms of a Kt/V greater than 1.2. With respect to vascular access, we set yet another personal best, with 71% of our patients having fistulas, which is the preferred form of access, not only better clinically but saving taxpayers' money. Third, vaccinations, this year, over 91% of our patients were vaccinated for influenza and pneumonia, once again improving health care and reducing taxpayer cost. And number four is just a moment's reflection. Since 2009, we have reduced the use of catheters by 43% among our substantial population, 1/3 out of all the dialysis patients in America. Once again, that constitutes wonderful clinical improvement, wonderful taxpayer savings. For these and virtually all other clinical measures, our patient outcomes compare very favorably to national averages, and this quality not only results in healthier patients but drives reductions in hospitalizations, surgical procedures and costs. So good news on the clinical front. We think that's not only good news for our patients and the taxpayers, but it's good news for you. On to public policy on the kidney care side. As part of the fiscal cliff negotiations, as most of you know, Congress mandated a rebasement of part of the bundle for 2014. It's sort of a bogus way to do it, but that is what they did. This could create a headwind for providers in 2014. So let's just revisit the core facts surrounding this issue: number one, we and the rest of the community still lose money on Medicare; number two, many of the dialysis centers in America are in a fragile financial states already, including a bunch of ours; number three, the legislation did not mandate a savings level, therefore, a, while CMS is directed to rebase a portion of the bundle, they have both the authority and the obligation to ensure overall payments are adequate to take care of these human beings, and so we'll have to wait and see what they do. But in order for you to think about some of the facts that they will be thinking about, while it is true that pharma utilization, particularly ESAs, has gone down over the past 2 years, it's good to remember the following. We took a 2% cut going into the bundle because of the changing clinical science and physicians' points of view on ESAs. We took a 2% cut going in because people knew physicians were going to start prescribing fewer of them, and since pharma was about 25% of our costs, that meant you would need an 8% cost reduction in pharma to offset that 2% cut on the overall bundle. Fact number two, industry pricing for EPO is up about 15% since the bundle went into effect. So if you put those 2 things together, 15% higher pricing, more or less, on average and the 2% cut on the total bundle going into it, you need pharma utilization reductions of around 23%, which is right about what has happened. So there has been no tick-up on an aggregate basis in the industry. These are facts that CMS must take into account. In addition, there were other unexpected cuts, at least by us, included in the bundle because of what happened with the case-mix adjusters, outlier payments, et cetera, and so the net economics were actually worse than what I just summarized. And of course, on top of this is any additional sequestration that will further strain a lot of the centers across the country. And if they get it wrong, the centers will close, patient access will be hurt. So we'll have to wait and see what happens. Second significant bit of policy news on the kidney care side is that we were excited that CMMI released an RFA for a renal-specific integrated care program. We have waited for years for the opportunity to give the gift of integrated care to every kidney care patient in America. Unfortunately, based on our current understanding of the terms, we would not participate in this program. The proposal is incomplete, first of all. But second, some of the stuff that is there and is definitive is sufficiently negative to make the program unattractive, and we'll have to hope that there are some changes. We are, as I said, absolutely eager to take our proven capability -- we have proven that we can reduce total cost while simultaneously improving quality in an incredibly transparent fashion. It is and will be so frustrating if we're not allowed to bring the gift of integrated care to our patients and to our taxpayers on a broader basis, and we've done so much and proven so much for so many years in so many ways in so many places, so we remain hopeful. And it will be stunningly frustrating if we're prevented from spreading that good work. A couple of comments on HealthCare Partners. I think the short summary is that the performance, economically and clinically, continues to be solid in their core markets, in line with our and presumably your expectations. On the growth front, our pipeline continues to be robust, and we closed some tuck-in acquisitions in existing markets in the fourth quarter. Now on to our near-term outlook. We are going to maintain our 2013 OI guidance of $1.75 billion to $1.9 billion, and this includes, on the kidney care side, $1.35 billion to $1.45 billion; and on the HealthCare Partners side, $400 million to $450 million. This guidance captures the majority of probabilistic outcomes, taking into account all swing factors. But as we all know, these are very dynamic times on multiple dimensions, and we all must acknowledge the risk that we could fall outside that range. I'd also like to take a minute now and wrap up by just stepping back and staring at what one should be worried about in investing in our shares and what one should feel good about. The most abbreviated summary would just say we think there is big upside, and we know there are serious risks. Things to worry about on the kidney care side. Of course, the longstanding concern of our reliance on commercial rate and mix; and second, the often-discussed government investigations and private lawsuit risks, which are substantial. And then to those 2, we need to add government reimbursement risk being incrementally higher these days because of everything going on. And then on top of that the uncertainty of exchanges. So these are serious things to be concerned about on the kidney care side. Things to feel good about on the kidney care side. First and foremost, excellent quality, a transparent attitude about it and quality that reduces cost. But beyond that, stable demand growth. We are well positioned with scale that matters when you're talking about managing a large patient population, transparent economics with significant share of government accountability because most of our centers do only one thing. So these are really good things to feel good about. On the HealthCare Partners side, what should you worry about? Well, you should worry about how quickly we can develop a stronger new market capability that, by strategic design, was not well developed up to this point. In addition, Medicare Advantage has its own reimbursement pressures, and because it is a hot space, there's a lot of competition, so these are significant things to worry about, as we do. On the other hand, things to feel good about from a HealthCare Partners point of view is that they are very good at what America needs to have happen in a lot more markets in terms of health-oriented population management pragmatically delivered, the physician/caregiver centric model. In addition, as you all know, better than we, the market opportunity is stunning, and that's not even counting potential new markets and things like duals and ACOs. If you look at the combined enterprise, what you can feel good about is, a, it's already been mentioned twice, a high-quality clinical focus and the philosophy of transparency around it; second, a very attractive place to work. Lots of good people, because of the substantial potential and because of the goodness of what we do, are interested in coming to work for our new combined enterprise; and third, our strong and consistent cash flows. Hopefully, you feel good about our historical and critical decision-making with respect to deploying those cash flows. So that's it for me until Q&A. I'll turn it over to Jim Hilger now.
James K. Hilger: Thanks, Kent. First, a few more dialysis operating metrics. Non-acquired growth was 4.4% when normalized for days of the week, and our commercial mix remained flat in the quarter. U.S. dialysis revenue per treatment was down $1.77 from the prior quarter, driven by, one, a decline in revenues related to immunizations, which are seasonally highest in the third quarter when most annual vaccines are given; two, small declines in pharma utilization; and three, a decline in lab revenues. Dialysis patient care cost per treatment was down $1.52 from the prior quarter, driven primarily by the items I just mentioned. Dialysis G&A per treatment was up $0.70 from the prior quarter. As we indicated last quarter, we anticipated higher G&A in the fourth quarter due to increased IT spend and the timing of legal costs. We experienced $12 million in international losses in the fourth quarter, reflecting higher transaction-related costs associated with our acquisitions in Poland and Portugal. International losses for the full year of 2012 were $38 million, in line with our prior guidance. We are continuing to make operating progress internationally, and right now, we expect operating losses in 2013 will be less than $30 million, with a caveat that these could be greater in 2013 if we receive some government tender contracts on which we are bidding. Please note that if we successfully obtain these contracts, we will have to make some upfront infrastructure investments in 2013, but we expect this will lead to solid contributions in 2014 and beyond. Next, a few details on HCP. Performance was solid in the quarter, with operating income of $67 million for the 2 months following the completion of the DaVita HealthCare Partners merger. We note that this is slightly above our previous guidance for the fourth quarter, although $3 million of this is due to amortization expense related to the acquisition being lower than previously expected. The fourth quarter is typically the weakest quarter of the year. It is a seasonally higher utilization and lower PMPM revenue. And as we discussed before, while HCP is a fairly steady business, you should expect greater quarter-to-quarter operating income volatility than you are used to in the dialysis business. Now on to the overall enterprise. Our debt expense was $98 million in the fourth quarter, reflecting the completion of the HCP acquisition on November 1 and simultaneous funding of our term loans. We benefited from an effective tax rate attributable to DaVita HealthCare Partners of 38.5% in the quarter, which is below the 40.1% effective tax rate for the full year. In our earnings release, we did call out some onetime items in the quarter, including transaction-related expenses, refinancing charges and expenses related to legal settlement that had been announced in the second quarter. The details of these are included in our non-GAAP reconciliations in the back of our press release. Turning to cash flow. Operating cash flow was $200 million in the fourth quarter, bringing our operating cash flow for the fiscal year 2012 to $1,101,000,000, modestly above our prior guidance range. 2013 operating cash flow guidance remains at $1.35 billion to $1.5 billion. A few more details as you model the impact of the HCP transaction this year. We continue to expect our total debt and costs in 2013 to be about $425 million, but this could vary depending on any hedging we might do and the LIBOR impact of unhedged debt. At this time, we anticipate HCP amortization expense to be approximately $134 million in 2013. And the combined company tax rate attributable to DaVita HealthCare Partners for 2013 should be in the range of 39.5% to 40.5%. And with that, operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Matt Weight.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Kent, you spent years working on an integrated care model, so I wonder if you could provide a little bit more specifics where the actual shortcomings are that would cause you not to participate.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, I'd be happy to. And you're right. I've been waiting for and hoping for this for a long time. Let me list off a couple of the issues: Number one -- and these are not in order of importance. And again, in some instances, their language is ambiguous, and so we need to clarify, on the other hand, so it's not so ambiguous. Their methodology penalizes those people who had better outcomes and therefore lower costs in the past. And of course, for us, that's a big problem, given how differentiated our quality is in some of the areas. Number two, the actual benchmark methodology they use in how they treat the baseline groups and how they think about mortality appears to be flawed in a way that doesn't work in a population like kidney care. Third, they're talking about rebasing in the very near term. And given the investment required, particularly on a subscale set of pilots like they appear to be contemplating, you don't have time to make the investment and get a return before they're talking about rebasing. And fourth, they also have some explicit economic discrimination against the larger organizations, which we think makes no philosophical or pragmatic sense, and penalizes the physicians that we're associated with and penalizes the patients that we take care of and just doesn't make philosophical sense either. So there's 4 examples. Now given the thoughtfulness that they've brought to so much of this for so long, we hope that through constructive conversation with them, they'll realize that what they have here could get in the way of thousands of human beings getting better care in a totally transparent fashion, that would save the taxpayers, in a very quantifiable and demonstrable way, a lot of money. So I want to emphasize, we're not giving up hope at all. After 10 years of working on it, we're not going to give up that quickly. But we were a little bummed out by some of the -- well, a little. We were very bummed out by some of the provisions.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, it didn't sound like there was going to be a comment period. So how can I square that with kind of what conversations you guys are having with the CMS?
Kent J. Thiry: Even if there's not an official comment period, they have the right to make adjustments if they decide to, and we hope they do.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Switching over a little bit to HCP. Can you give us an update on the ABQ acquisition and maybe kind of shed some -- what you may have learned with some of the difficulties you've had over there?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, it's a fair question, Matt. We don't want to go into a lot of detail, despite the legitimacy of the question, because it isn't that big a deal. And we've already acknowledged that it exposed the fact that we -- as we had already indicated before it happened, knew we had to work on our new market capability. And so you've got sort of the macro point, and there's been a lot of learnings on a micro point basis. But it's not really in, I think, our shareholders' best interest that we go into all sorts of detail to talk about an ongoing market bet.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. With that said, would that slow -- does that impact how you think about future new market acquisitions?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, yes, I guess, yes and no. Yes in the sense that we are now having to spend more time there than we thought, and that chews up some of the people that would otherwise be working on other new markets because we've had so many people contact us and want to talk to us. So yes, in that sense, it changes our deployment of scarce resources. No, in the longer-term sense, not one bit.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Last question here, I'll jump off. With the orals being delayed until 2016, I've heard some talk about trying to get some momentum to bring that in potentially a little earlier than 2016. Anything possible with that? And how disappointed were you with that getting pushed out to 2016?
Kent J. Thiry: The answer to the second question is we were very disappointed, not because of reimbursement because we didn't even know what reimbursement was going to be, rather because that we know that we've proven that we can improve the care of our patients and save taxpayers' money even if you held reimbursement equal to cost. So we were disappointed. And then, as to whether or not some of the stuff going on in D.C. about changing it will get any traction, I think that's anyone's guess. We don't have any particular insight, and we're actually much more focused on all these other things. Thanks a lot, Matt, and sorry it doesn't make sense to go into more detail on the Albuquerque situation.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kevin Ellich.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I guess first, starting off with HCP. I was just wondering in the other revenue segment, which was $24 million, what does that consist of? And then, on top of that, do you guys still own the Camden Group?
Matthew Mazdyasni: Yes, this is Matthew Mazdyasni. That is -- the answer to your second question is yes, we do own Camden Group, and that revenue -- some of that is in that line, plus we have other management fees with the joint venture we have. So that's all reflected in that line item.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. Can you -- is Camden the majority of that $24 million? Do you want to get to that level of specificity?
Matthew Mazdyasni: No.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then what percent of clinics, Kent, do you think would shut down or close if rebasing goes through as is in 2014?
Kent J. Thiry: A fair question but impossible to answer without knowing the actual number of rebasing. It is just literally impossible to answer.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Understood, okay. Jim Hilger made a comment on the international discussion saying that you guys are bidding on some more contracts. Just wondering if you could provide any more color behind that.
Kent J. Thiry: What's happening across the globe and part of why we decided to do this -- and I'll hasten to add, if I was a better CEO, we would have started doing this 6 or 7 years ago. But one of the reasons we decided to do it now is because there's a lot of governments deciding that they need to guarantee funding for dialysis because the global transparency around health care is leading a lot of people to find out it exists. And with it, you live, and without it, you die, and when it's low quality, it's not nearly as good as when it's high quality, and so that creates a lot of pressure. And then as soon as governments realize that there's going to be a fair amount of it, and they've got to figure out a way to fund it. They want to get out of the business of actually providing it for all sorts of reasons, including the fact that they're not that good at it and they don't like being accountable for things like that. And so across the globe, you have more governments focused on creating a supply of quality dialysis as a real policy objective. In the same way that in America, 20 and 30 years ago, you had similar thoughts and similar actions. And so in those cases sometimes when government hospitals have been providing a lot of this care, they issue outsourcing contract proposals, where they will make a decision to transfer a whole bunch of patients from their organization to someone else's. Those are the kind of things that we're competing on.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Understood. And then 2 last questions on HCP. First off, the ratio of patient care cost as a percent of total segment net revenues, which was 71.1%, should we think about that as kind of a medical loss ratio? Is that the right way to think about it?
Matthew Mazdyasni: Kevin, no, because that does not reflect all the institutional revenue and cost, because we are showing, in some of our markets, the net number. So I wouldn't want that to be confused with the medical loss ratio.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. Okay, appreciate that, just trying to get a better understanding. And then I think tonight ends the Medicare Advantage, I guess, disenrollment period. Are you guys expecting any changes or many changes?
Matthew Mazdyasni: We don't. We usually -- there is that 45-day period that the patients can disenroll, but we have not seen, since the open enrollment was instituted a few years ago, a significant drop. As a matter fact, in some of our markets, we -- it's close to none.
Kent J. Thiry: Let me just add, while we are in conversations with several governments across the globe, I wouldn't want anyone getting overly optimistic about the timing. Often governments, separate from our own, miss their deadlines, so we needed to highlight to you the fact that there might be one in particular that has some significant investment. But if history is any guide, it's more likely that it won't happen.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Justin Lake.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First, Kent, you've mentioned the competition in the M&A space for new physician groups is intense. We've seen them get taken out recently. Can you give us some more color around what you're seeing out there? And any kind of guidance in terms of what would you be -- what you would think is the most likely outcome, from an M&A perspective, for yourself on the HCP side?
Kent J. Thiry: Okay, Justin. I mean it's a very, very important and fair question, and our answer is going to be relatively worthless, that it is so difficult to predict who in fact is going to cross the line and decide to sell, as opposed to think about it, and then whether or not we're going to win versus some of the other people that are bidding. So on the one hand, if we went to the next 15, 18 months without closing another noteworthy transaction, I would be sad. Unfortunately, I could end up being sad. And on the other hand, there's no way we're going to close 4 or 5 big deals in 2013. So I can bracket it in that way, to go further is just kind of impossible given the dynamic of the deal process itself.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Maybe I can ask the question this way then, in terms of the larger deals that are going -- that have taken place, there've been a few. In your mind, are the larger deals being done at multiples that are just you can't get to from a reasonable return perspective? And so should we think about maybe the size of the deals being on the smaller side in terms of groups that might be pre-risk or pre-capitation and therefore, being smaller deals but with significant upside in terms of the ROI longer term, like, let's say, in Nevada?
Kent J. Thiry: That's very thoughtful. Yes, it is true that we may do some deals where groups do not currently have a lot of what we're very good at, and therefore, they'll be less expensive but also take longer to develop. And so that is one category, and I'd be surprised if we don't do something in that category in the next 18 months. And then, as to whether or not multiples on some of the other stuff that's taken place, some of the big stuff were out of line, I guess maybe the evidence says, in our mind, it was since we were a part of some of those processes and we stopped bidding before someone else. And if we thought going higher was a good idea, we would've. Now that's a little bit not fair because at some point the process just ends and maybe you would've gone further, so I'm not trying to be cute. I think it's the classic situation, the more you pay, the more risk you expose your shareholders to. And we think we're going to have a lot of quality growth opportunities with lower risk profiles than some of the other stuff that's happened. And maybe we also just got outperformed, so you've got to take that into account, too. So I can't give you a clear answer on whether or not we think those multiples were out of line other than saying that we stopped bidding before other people did, and that certainly implies that, to some extent, that's what we think.
Justin Lake - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And so if I just take that question to kind of the endpoint, which is capital deployment then. It sounds like the -- maybe investors should expect that the deals that are being done, obviously, you can't put as much capital to work. Returns will be great on Nevada type of deals, but the dollars that are spent there are less significant. If that ends up being the case, where do you see capital deployment opportunities? Dialysis feels like it's mature. If it's not in HCP, is it share repurchase? And how should we think about your thoughts there?
Kent J. Thiry: Okay, Justin. You could answer the question that you have asked, and so I'll go through it, that we, every quarter of every year, look at our alternatives for cash deployment and our overall capital structure. And at different times in our history, we've bought back a lot of shares, we've paid down debt and we've done acquisitions, and sometimes, we've also just held a fair amount of cash. And then on the capital structure side, as you know, our long-term stated goal is to be between 3 and 3.5x in terms of a leverage ratio, and there are times that we have gone much higher, when we thought that we weren't exposing our shareholders to inappropriate risk for the near term because the probabilities that we were going to quickly move it back in line were exceptionally high. And there's times that we've gone under, and in some cases, that was because we wanted to prepare for doing a large deal. And so we haven't changed one bit in terms of our analytical discipline around thinking about what to do with cash. If we don't spend -- and this would be sad, but if we don't have enough opportunities to spend our cash in growth, then we will stare at share repurchase versus debt repayment. And so much of that will be driven by what we've hedged and what we haven't, what's going on with interest rates and what's going on with our share price and markets' expectations for the future visvis ours. So I know that's a pretty comprehensive yet generic answer, and if you want to push back on some part of it, feel free. But otherwise, it's sort of same practice we've always had.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kevin Fischbeck.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess maybe I will push back on that last answer then. I guess when I think about the cash on the balance sheet right now, I mean historically DaVita operated somewhere between $300 million and $500 million cash on the balance sheet. And when you got above $500 million, it kind of felt like you were closer to doing something with that cash, in that realm of moving towards share repurchase or debt paydown, what have you. Is that the same way to think about it after HealthCare Partners? Or as a bigger company, do you need more cash on the balance sheet to run the business? Or does that not really change your view about...
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, I think you wouldn't want to use the same number going forward as you've used in the past just because the number is more a question of proportion, and our larger size and some of the dynamics around being a new enterprise with a new line of business would also affect that answer. But directionally, we might very well carry more cash in the future than we have in the past, just because we're a lot bigger, and because on the HealthCare Partners side of the business, there might be some very serious deals on the table in the years to come.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. The counterargument could be you're more diversified, and therefore, the risk of having a situation where you had a cash flow situation in a given quarter or year would be less as well. You might not need to change that, but it sounds like it's partly just being a bigger company, but partly also flexibility and the opportunity set that you see. Is that correct?
Kent J. Thiry: Your point is very well taken, and then you've got to factor that -- in addition to what you just said, you need to factor in the capital structure at the time because if our leverage ratio is unusually low, then we might be even more comfortable with having less cash. If our leverage ratio is relatively high, then it goes the other way. I already referred to sort of the outlook on near-term scale acquisitions and then, of course, also just our expectation of what's going on in the debt markets. So it's -- that's why we revisit it so holistically every 3 to 6 months because there's so many variables to take into account in order that we get you guys the right risk-reward relationship on that cash.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just thinking about the quarter and the guidance. I mean obviously, it's early in the year, so that could explain the rationale for kind of keeping the guidance where it is. But given how good the quarter was versus your early expectations on it, why isn't there more flow-through into the 2013 numbers?
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Say that question one more time, so I try to [indiscernible]
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: . Well, you exceeded both the dialysis operating income and the physician operating income and -- but you kept the outlook for 2013 intact, so why wasn't the better Q4 run rate annualized into the following year?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, I guess a little bit like if your quarterback has a really good game and completes a very high percentage of their passes and doesn't have any interceptions, you applaud them because the game was the game and you won, but you don't necessarily predict that for the next game or for the rest of the season. The fact is both enterprises operated really well in 2012. And part of that was good scale and hard work, and there's always an element of luck in tailwinds and headwinds. And so I think we had a really good game, and we're proud of it. And it goes in the books, and the cash goes in the bank. And the clinical outcomes go to our patients, and the savings go to the taxpayer. And 2013 is a new game, and we're playing against some formidable opponents. And we've got to wait and see how we do.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So -- but there's nothing unusual in that Q4 number that would argue against you completing 70% of your passes next year per se?
Kent J. Thiry: I don't have a good answer to that. I'll give other people a moment to think. What I would say to you is that even if the answer is no, there was nothing unusual, nonetheless, extrapolation from a strong year is a dangerous thing to do.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess, there were 2 things that you guys mentioned in your comments. I don't know if they have any impact on this. I guess you sold your -- obviously you are selling your home infusion. I don't think that deal has closed yet. Does that have any impact on operating income versus your original guidance?
Kent J. Thiry: We closed it. That is a good thing for shareholders, basically got our money back, mas o menos a little, and it doesn't have any impact on our income.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then I think you mentioned that D&A came in $3 million lower than what you were thinking. I mean, I guess you guys gave a -- you gave the guidance for D&A, but does that -- wouldn't that flow through to 2013 as another $20 million tailwind to the number, annualized?
Kent J. Thiry: Let me just amend my HomeChoice comment. It would have no material impact on our operating income, very, very tiny. On your other question, I'll turn that over to Jim.
James K. Hilger: The D&A impact in -- against what we have previously guided to is more in the range of $12 million to $15 million, not $20 million. And that is -- that adjustment was in the range of our guidance, although, of course, it moves us -- our point estimate then would move within that range because of that, but other factors could play against it.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, and then last, last question -- or maybe 2 questions on this. I think, Kent, you talked about the CMS demo as being subscale, and I guess wanted to understand what that comment was referring to. I guess it looked like there was a minimum of 500 patients, and I guess in a geographic region, the way CMS is defining it here, what is a reasonable population to think of if you were to participate in a region and what number do you think that needs to be to be a "scale" demonstration?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, there's 2 different issues there. One is what's minimum scale. And the second is what is the scale that we think we could handle and dramatically improve clinical care a lot of people get and the economic performance that the taxpayer gets. So those are 2 very different answers. But they're talking about 10 to 15 markets, and the way they've defined market is such that if you assume -- if we decided to do this, which, again, right now we wouldn't, and if we were granted 4 of them out of the 15, so this is all just setting up a scenario, that we probably couldn't do more than 6,000 or 7,000 patients, which is a lot better than 600, but frustrating given we could do so much more.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And is that -- but that's still not the -- I guess when you say scale, you talked about the scale necessary to recoup the investments that you'd be making after the 3-year kind of rebasing of things. Is there a size that you have in mind where it has to be x or y before you get to that tipping point?
Kent J. Thiry: Given their current provision, the -- it would take infinite scale because it looks like the model doesn't really work. So we can't -- until there's some clarification and unless there's some changes, there may not be enough patients in America to reach the scale required to get a return.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just last question, I think you just answered it. But when I was reading that 10 to 15 participants, I wasn't sure whether they meant markets or whether they meant actual participants, whether DaVita would be one participant or 5 markets in that analysis. Your understanding is that it would be markets and that DaVita can be multiple markets or multiple participants in that 10 to 15?
Kent J. Thiry: Exactly.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matt Borsch.
Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is Brian Zimmerman in for Matt. Now that 2014 is drawing near, can you give us a refresher on how coverage expansion under health care reform will affect your top and bottom lines from a directional standpoint?
Kent J. Thiry: I'll comment on it for kidney care, and then I'll ask Bob or Matthew to comment on it for HealthCare Partners. On the kidney care side, it's impossible to know right now, and there's probably more downside than upside. That the variables are how many patients that we currently take care of or would otherwise take care of at private rates that are higher than what the exchange will reimburse will move into exchanges because each one of those who does is, of course, an incremental negative, versus how many people are currently uninsured and/or in some form of reimbursement like Medicaid or other special program who move into being covered by private insurance and are at higher rates. And so it's a question of volume moving each direction and the average differential rate. And of course, our point of view is we don't want to be doing dialysis for lower rates in the exchanges than we do for our current private payers. Some of them will want us to do that at a lower rate, and from our point of view, there'd be no reason to. So it's going to be quite the tussle for everyone. And so on the kidney care side, those are the elements of the equation, and you'll have to plug in your own assumptions. Our current range of estimates is way too wide to be useful to you. You'd just get frustrated if we shared it. I'll now turn it to Bob.
Robert J. Margolis: I think on the HealthCare Partners side, I can reflect a lot of the same uncertainty you just heard from Kent. Some of the variables are that we believe that as an organization that wants to serve all of the members of our communities, that it's a big opportunity to learn how to, in a high-quality manner and with some margin, be able to serve folks that don't have insurance. There'll be millions more under Medicaid. As you well know, under health reform, this is outside the exchange, but we are honing our capabilities in -- by acquiring affiliate networks, as we've announced, that have some experience in successfully managing the Medicaid population. So we think that's a bit of an upside opportunity, though it's yet to be determined whether that will have any margin. On the exchange piece, it's very much the same unknowns. The rates have not been defined as to how the exchange will contract with organizations and at what rates, be they Medicare or more towards Medicaid. If there are newly insured patients at reasonable reimbursement, it could be a nice upside. On the other hand, if a lot of employers choose to move their employees from fully insured products into the exchange and drop the employer-based benefits, that could be a negative drag, if the rates don't support good care. So I think for modeling, it's still way too early to make a firm determination.
Brian Zimmerman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And I know you guys mentioned the exchange rates are pretty wide. But I guess, we're just trying to make some assumptions around that, would you say that they're going to be closer towards commercial rates or more towards Medicare-type rates on the dialysis side?
Kent J. Thiry: If the government steps into the world of mandating them, then they're going to be closer to Medicare. It doesn't appear likely that, that's going to happen. But if the government mandates premiums, it creates some real derivative pressure on anybody who's subject to that. And then you move to predicting what other providers will do. And I don't think a lot of providers in the kidney care area are going to want to offer lower private rates to the exchanges except to the extent that they can because you've got some people at lower rates now that are moving in, and therefore, you could offer a lower private rate because the net keeps you whole. In a world where the 10% of our patients that are private subsidize the 90% that are in the government, there's very little room for providers to move, any provider. So I always have to add that you can never predict for sure what the government will do and what other kidney care providers will do. But everybody operates within the same economic reality, and so you're going to have payers trying to push for lower rates and providers pushing back, and it's pretty hard to say who's going to win. And Bob, on HCP?
Robert J. Margolis: It's very much the same. As we just said, rates are, you've seen one exchange, you've seen one exchange. Unfortunately, as you well know, the government -- the federal government punted the essential benefit package back to the states, so every state and every exchange is defining whether they're going to have a rich benefit package and how they balance that against the affordability requirement of the Affordable Care Act. And as we all know, about half the states are waiting for the federal government to set up the exchange, so we don't have any idea how that will get, the timing of that and the effectiveness of it and the membership within the exchange. So I think you can take to the bank, at the moment, that there's so much uncertainty that you can't take much to the bank.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Darren Lehrich.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I did have some questions on HCP. And given that this is our first opportunity to see how you're going to be reporting some of the business metrics there, I guess I just want to understand exactly what we'll be seeing here. And so the disclosure around capitated membership, first, I guess the question would be, can you just maybe clarify for us what is there? I mean, it seems like some of the acquisitions that had tens of thousands patients in the fourth quarter are included in that number. So should we be thinking about those patients on a path-to-risk basis? And maybe can you just help us think about the sort of the scope and scale of HCP in relation to the patient numbers we're getting now?
Kent J. Thiry: Darren, could you please repeat your question so we don't ramble all over?
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Sure, okay. So I think you've given us, in some of the S-4 filings, enrollment numbers for HCP. And what we have here in the December period was 723,999 capitated members. But there were, I don't know, I think 180,000 patients in ABQ. In Arta, they were -- there was another number. So I'm just trying to foot to the membership numbers just to understand what we're going to get on a quarterly basis and then how some of these other patients fit in?
Matthew Mazdyasni: I hate to say it, but it's a little bit complicated for us to report because each member is different. For example, in some of our commercial revenues or membership, we have point-of-services members that we're not capitated for it. What we try to do here, we tried to only report the members that we are either receiving global cap or we're managing global capitation for it. So it does not include, as far as that number is concerned, any of our fee-for-service members or patients and any members that we have that we are either not receiving global capitation for it or managing global capitation. Just to give you an example, in Nevada, we have some commercial members that they were based on professional capitation. So that's what we reported here at this time. And then, we separated our revenue by sources because Medicaid member capitation is very different from a Medicare Advantage, very different from a commercial.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. That's exactly what I thought. I just -- I wanted to be perfectly clear about this it will obviously be in your press releases going forward. So if we think about just the patients that fall outside of this enrollment metric, I mean, can you maybe size that for us and give us a sense for the numbers, maybe broadly speaking that might be on a path to some global cap?
Kent J. Thiry: We'll think about that, Darren. We're still noodling over what are the most useful set of metrics to provide to help you guys assess risk and reward and performance, so it's a good thought. We're playing with it. The math, the shareholder math is dominated by the global population numbers, which is why we've put that out there. And how we refine that or add to it, gets tricky because some of the numbers could be quite misleading as they go up or down in terms of any impact on your equation. So let's just keep discussing it every quarter, and we'll try to get to the right place.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Understood, okay. So just on the point of membership, I think a prior question had asked about the 45-day period. I'm actually curious just to know what your health plan partners did experience in terms of open enrollment. Can you just maybe comment broadly on membership growth in the legacy business?
Kent J. Thiry: Hold 1 sec just so we get our act together in terms of what we've already disclosed and what we haven't. So given this is our first time, we want to make sure we don't confuse anyone.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gary Lieberman.
Jim Gustafson: Just on the last question, Darren, we haven't made any disclosure to this point on what's happened so far in January and this year, and we're not in a position to do so. Go ahead, Gary. Sorry about that.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Maybe just ask a couple more questions on HCP. So in the second quarter of 2012, I think the reported member number was 620,000. Is that a comparable number to the 600 -- to the 724,000 that was reported this quarter?
Matthew Mazdyasni: That's accurate, yes.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And so is most of that increase from acquisition? Or could you tell us the percentage of increase that was from acquisition versus organic growth?
Matthew Mazdyasni: I think most of it was from acquisition, and that's why we're also showing you member months because, for example, we had an acquisition in southern California effective September 1, so the member months for that acquisition is only for 4 months during 2012 versus our legacy member that has 12 months.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So if we're thinking about member months on a -- sort of on a run-rate basis, quarterly, is there a way you can sort of give us a range of kind of the number we should be thinking about? Is it sort of 2.1 million or 2.2 million?
Matthew Mazdyasni: I think, as Kent said, we'll continue thinking about how we can best report all of our membership numbers that would be useful to all of you.
Jim Gustafson: Gary, the member months in there represent 2 months because that's the time period during which this has been a combined entity, and this reporting reflects the November, December time period. So hopefully, that helps you pro forma that.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's useful. And then, I guess, just going back to the guidance of the $400 million to $450 million for HealthCare Partners, maybe you've said this before. Does that assume some number of acquisitions? Or does that assume no acquisitions?
Kent J. Thiry: We do incorporate our acquisition expectations into our forecasts. And of course, it's always a prediction that has a wide range of potential outcomes below or above what we predict.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So then, and you may have answered some of this with a previous question, but given that HealthCare Partners did $67 million of EBIT in the quarter, combined with the statement that fourth quarter is usually a light quarter, it's already on a run rate of over $400 million of EBIT. So is that a fair way to look at it? And so are you guys just being conservative? Or is there something else that we should be taking into consideration?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I'll repeat what I've said, and then any of my partners here might want to add to it. 2012 was an outstanding operating year for both companies. Anybody want to add anything?
James K. Hilger: I would just say that it's an operating income, not an EBITDA range of $400 million to $450 million, Gary.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Sorry if I misstated that. Okay. And then I guess moving on to a couple of kidney care questions. Did you guys have any EPO price increase on the beginning of January as you typically do?
Kent J. Thiry: I don't know that we've disclosed anything about what's going on with EPO pricing. So let us think about that, and you can ask again next quarter. But up to this point, we have not disclosed anything. And to everyone, please do share your thoughts with Jim Gustafson about what other quarterly reporting you think we should add in order to be useful.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ben Andrew.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: First question for me is has there been any directional change in behavior or magnitude of change on the part of the commercial payers, given some of the changing backdrops? Or is this more anticipatory commentary?
Kent J. Thiry: I think, on both sides, we're experiencing the normal intense debates and discussions with commercial payers about our rates and other terms, that it's always been intense. It will always be intense, and there's nothing dramatically different. Maybe on the margin, you say exchanges -- exchanges create more conversations, but the intensity is the same as it always has been and always will be.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then, maybe a question on HCP more generally. Have you noticed a difference in the behavior pattern aside from maybe what's going on in Albuquerque with the different constituents that HCP interacts with after the execution of the transaction? Has there been sort of a change in tone or behavior pattern that is noticeable or meaningful?
Robert J. Margolis: I'll try to answer that. We've not seen anything that's dramatic. I think that as you might expect, folks noticed that this transaction was large and that our historical financials were now transparent. But we deal primarily or often with plans and with big systems that are also for-profit. So to them, that's not a giant change. And our conversations with physicians, with other constituents have been pretty much on line with what we had before. So pretty much everyone is aware that we're part of a bigger enterprise, that we have a great opportunity to transform American health care in a positive view, and we're pushing forward with that conversation and that mission in all these discussions, and I think folks view us now as a more larger and more credible partner in that transformation.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then, Kent, just briefly, in terms of the ACO project, is there a time frame that you have in mind where perhaps you could influence and lead to a change in what that structure of the program might look like? Is that 6 months, 3 months, another 3 years? I mean how do you think about that internally?
Kent J. Thiry: I think the time frame is -- a fair question. The time frame is quite short. They're interested in feedback from not just us but from the community very quickly, and they may change nothing and they may change a lot. They have total freedom. But I think it's all going to happen relatively quickly, so it's not years, it's months.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: At this point, it appears both LDOs don't have a lot of interest in the program. Would you suggest that they would fail to the extent that, that doesn't change?
Kent J. Thiry: I -- you'd have to ask them, of course, but even if you just get a couple small players to do it, you're really putting at risk having this proven technology established and standardized in the way that it could benefit everyone. So I think from a policy point of view, it would be hugely disappointing, given everyone's objective is to improve the care and reduce the cost. So -- but who knows, they may be just fine if 2 LDOs don't do anything. And they get some smaller players to do smaller things in some parts of the country, maybe they would be happy with that. I think a lot of other people would be really disappointed, but I think you'd just have to ask them.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gary Taylor.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I have a few quick ones. First, I think at least 2 of the last 3 quarters, you've given us kind of a full quarter pro forma HCP EBITDA figure. Would you provide that for the fourth quarter?
Kent J. Thiry: Can you repeat the question?
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Do you have a fourth quarter 2012 HCP EBITDA figure for the full 3 months?
Jim Gustafson: We don't have that in front of us. I'd have to -- I don't know if we've disclosed it before. If we have, I can give it to you later.
James K. Hilger: We haven't disclosed it, but there were a number of distinct charges in the fourth quarter that make that number difficult to be comparable.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. I know we've had it at least 2 of the last 3 quarters, but I'll move on. Another question, I know the L.A. Times last week reported that HCP was applying for limited Knox-Keene license in California. I presume there'd be some increased capital requirements it looks like you could easily handle. But I have 2 questions. One, would this in any way make your California business subject to the minimum MLR ratios? And two, why are you pursuing that limited license?
Robert J. Margolis: Great question. We, as we previously reported, are a Pioneer ACO in 3 states, including California. We are in the second year of the Pioneer ACO. According to the rules of the Pioneer ACO, we can, if we're successful in the first 2 years and it makes economic sense, apply for full global capitation for that capitated -- for that population that's in that ACO. According to the state, in order to take full capitation, including institutional, we have to apply and obtain a limited Knox-Keene license. Now let me just describe what we call limited Knox-Keene. I think it's called a Knox-Keene with certain limitations, it's not officially called that. It's a requirement by the state, but it does not put us in the position where we are a fully licensed insurer. We're not in the position nor do we plan to be in the position to market and sell directly to employers. It's just a requirement of the movement to the Pioneer ACO. At the same time, you have seen that we have all of this global capitation, including some that's under management, as opposed to direct, and we would have the opportunity in the Knox-Keene, should we choose to take that direct global capitation in California instead of just under management. So those are 2 reasons that the Knox-Keene makes good sense. There are capital requirements, but those are minimal and actually no greater than the reserves that we have in place for this managed global capitation or global risk that we manage now.
Matthew Mazdyasni: Let me try to also answer the first part of your question. Would that make us subject to MLR? That's not the case because we're not receiving premium from payers or employers. We are -- it's a plan-to-plan, so we as a limited Knox-Keene will be contracting with full Knox-Keene plans who are receiving. So those entities are subject to MLR. We are not because we're not directly receiving from the payer, with exception of Pioneer ACO.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. That's helpful. And would you anticipate pursuing any other limited license in other states you operate in as part of the Pioneer ACO or for other reasons? Is that foreseeable?
Robert J. Margolis: Only if it makes sense because of the market requirements in order to produce the kind of global management that we think benefits patients and coordinates care. At this point, we do not intend to become an insurance company, if that's the question that you're asking.
Matthew Mazdyasni: Also the other 2 markets that we have Pioneer ACO, which is Nevada and Florida, do not require any special license because these are Medicare. So it is allowable, without any special license, to receive global capitation from CMMI, which is part of CMS.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. Appreciate it. Last question is for Kent. My actual question is, I'm not sure if you saw it, you probably did this morning, but Affymax had put out a release today about Fresenius, I guess, discontinuing the -- I guess, the demonstration they were doing, and they cited -- Fresenius, in a letter to physicians, had cited some potential allergic reactions that patients were having. The question I have is, if this proves to be problematic for AFFY and we have less ESA price competition in the future, does that have any implications for your existing 7-year contract with Amgen?
Kent J. Thiry: This is news to me. And so please take that into account as I grope for a response. If AFFY is less credible, I don't know that, that implies less credible in the near term, I don't know that, that implies anything for us. As we've said many times, the reason we did the 7-year partnership with Amgen is -- was heavily influenced by the fact that it's the gold standard of ESAs in the world. And so I can't think of anything that would change in anything that we've said. But I know so little, I only know what you just told me, that I have to reserve the right to change that answer in the future.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. I think some analysts have speculated there was perhaps some sort of price guarantees in the Amgen contract, and I thought there was some commentary from a conference earlier this year where you had stated that, that equivocally was not the case. But I didn't presume this would change anything. I don't know if you'd care to comment on that or just let it go.
Kent J. Thiry: To the best of my knowledge, everything I've said on the subject has been true. Whatever I said, I think, still applies. I couldn't tell exactly what you were saying, which is why I'm wording my sentence...
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: No, I think you're -- I think everything you've said is consistent, so I was just giving you a chance to elaborate on that but I get it. I appreciate it.
Kent J. Thiry: Thanks a lot.
Jim Gustafson: And let me break in with one thing, Gary. I think we can report that normalized for nonrecurring deal items for HealthCare Partners, the full year EBITDA was $583 million for 2012. So we're comfortable disclosing that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Ransom.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: As I think about you going into new markets, what are the dynamics now versus maybe a couple of years ago? Are hospitals, in particular, already rounding up the big physician groups and trying to engineer these risk-sharing models? Is there less oxygen in the room? And how do you think about the various players in the, let's say, the top 100 markets, hospitals versus insurance companies? They seem to be taking the lead. And how is the role for HealthCare Partners different, the same versus a couple of years ago when this was kind of novel?
Robert J. Margolis: Well, let me take a shot at it. It's the kind of question that we -- provokes a lot of strategic discussion internally. As you aptly stated, hospitals are the center of the universe in a lot of communities for the physician networks. Hospitals in our view, and I don't think this is in all cases, but in many cases, have chosen to employ or buy practices of a lot of physicians, especially specialists that would provide the high reimbursement procedures. And in our view, in most cases, the hospital consolidation has caused increases, which, as you may have read, caused a bunch of inquiries as to whether it's appropriate. So that is going on and reduces the number of physicians in certain communities. Certain health plans, most notably, Optum, United as well as Humana, have announced deals and so on. So competition is a reality, but the facts of the matter are that it's a vast country. Most of health care in America is in the atomized or fragmented fee-for-service individual and small group practice. There are a lot of practices, both large and small, that don't see linking up with a hospital and/or a health plan as in their best strategic interest. And as we've previously described, our pipeline is strong. And so it's a big America, and I don't think that the oxygen has been sucked out of the room, as you say. But you're right, there's competition, and as Kent mentioned earlier, there may be price competition that we think is not in our best interest and some acquisitions.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I'm either -- again, we're just still learning basic things. But let's say, for example, that the Medicare Advantage rates in your market next year are down 6.2% or something. Is it a straight line? I know it's not a straight line, but how should we extrapolate the MA rates to the rates that you get? Or is it just straight one for one, and it is a straight line and you've got to find ways to offset it?
Robert J. Margolis: The parity that is demanded under the Medicare Advantage changes that was passed a few years ago is baked into all of our analyses and assumptions, and varies, as you know, state to state. But it is specifically mitigated, in some cases and in many cases, by the fact that benefits are extremely rich relative to fee-for-service Medicare in all of the markets that we're currently in, so there's some shift in benefits that reduces the impact of those direct cuts, in other words, making the benefits a little bit less rich for the patient, but still significantly rich enough to encourage patients to choose Medicare Advantage. There's the risk adjustment, which is based on accurate and good documentation, that is a significant and has been a significant offset of the Medicare cost rebasing. And last of all, there's the opportunity to significantly continue to improve clinical performance and reduce the cost of the care that we deliver. So while we think we do it quite well, we know there's still significant variation in the results across networks and certainly across America. So those are headwinds, there's no doubt, that's been told in many of these conferences up until now. But there are offsetting factors. And the last one, which I should mention, of course, is the quality ratings, the star ratings of the health plan. While the star rating is at the health plan level, not at the HealthCare Partners level, certainly in markets where we're a significant portion of that health plan, our quality ratings are usually higher than their network average and help bring up their star rating and therefore their reimbursement. And actually, it's another reason that health plans like working with us and potentially helping to consolidate their networks with HealthCare Partners and DaVita to improve their quality ratings.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Do you still think about something in the neighborhood of a 40% apples-to-apples difference between what you can do and what an unmanaged population looks like? I remember that number, maybe it was hospital-based, but is that -- how do you think about today the apples-to-apples cost differences between identical populations?
Robert J. Margolis: I don't [indiscernible] specific cost of care but -- because I don't have that off the top of my head. But you're right, in the Medicare Advantage space, our utilization of hospital days have been traditionally about 40% less than national average.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Lisa Crye [ph] .
Unknown Analyst: Just going back to the discussion around exchange rates. One thing that's just confused me about the discussion here is, historically, insurance companies have been competing against one another for big contracts from employers. And under the exchanges, they're simply going to be competing with each other, albeit on a different type of playing field, but still it's a similar head-to-head competition nonetheless. So in my view, I think the only thing that really gives them more leverage is, as you said, the government does get involved in terms of setting premiums, et cetera. But in the absence of that, do you think that just the structure of the exchanges somehow gives insurance companies more leverage with health care providers like hospitals, like dialysis clinics? I just figure it's really that change in negotiating power that can potentially change rates.
Kent J. Thiry: I think if you posit that plan can offer a provider incremental volume because there is increased market fluidity prompted by the exchanges, then I think there is linear logic to support the notion that a payer would pick up some new leverage.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. That makes sense. And then, just one second question. Just looking at the health care business, the dollars under management that you reported of $614 million, I just want to make sure I'm comparing figures sort of apples to apples. It looks like it was down on what you reported as a 2011 full year figure. Could you just comment on that?
Matthew Mazdyasni: I have the 2011, but this is obviously -- the 2 months you're referring to, you're extrapolating from the 2 months?
Unknown Analyst: Yes, it was just a little bit unclear whether it was sort of -- whether it was just a figure for 2 months or whether it could be compared on a full year basis?
Matthew Mazdyasni: I'm sorry, so that's only for 2 months. That number is only for 2 months.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Whit Mayo.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Kent, this question really relates to the comments you made earlier on exchanges. Do you have a sense of what percent of your dialysis commercial patients are actually small group? I just have to believe that it's relatively small.
Kent J. Thiry: We do know that number. We've never disclosed it. So why don't you let us think about whether or not we would disclose it over the next quarter.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. That might just be helpful to sort of help us size up what any exposure could be if, obviously, employers in the small group market did dump their employees, but I think it is small. The other question that I had is, I guess, for Bob. Looking back at 2012 and recognizing that there's a lot of moving pieces here, what do you think that the organic revenue and EBITDA growth was? I'm just trying to get a sense of really what the business growth profile is. I know it's kind of a complicated question, but would be helpful.
Robert J. Margolis: Could you repeat the question, please?
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, I guess if you just made a guess and said looking back at 2012, we take out some of the acquisitions, take out some of the outlier items, what the organic revenue and EBITDA growth would've been.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, that -- okay. No, we cannot answer that now. Should we think about answering that in the future is a good question. It gets to be pretty seriously definitional, however, because tuck-in acquisitions are really an important part of our HealthCare Partners model, and we almost think of that as organic growth, because so much of it is -- might be IPAs with whom we worked for 5 years or practices with whom we worked for 5 years, et cetera, et cetera. So it's a little different than our kidney care model. Although even the kidney care, de novos, to some extent, are very linked to our existing positions in many markets, which is why we provide non-acquired growth that combines both classic same-store growth with de novo growth, as opposed to reporting same-store by itself because often we cannibalize our same-store growth in order to secure greater overall market positioning. So I don't know if we can come up with a metric there that's going to work for you, but let us think about it, because it's a very fair question.
Matthew Mazdyasni: Just to add to that, I think this growth will become interesting because we are not only experiencing the groups who are talking to us, we are also working with health plans who want us to go to new markets, and that's not going to be something that we are acquiring. We're just going to new markets and growing that way, too. So this whole issue of organic versus growth is going to get even more complicated.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, I understand. And I guess one last one here. I think if I recall, there's been some historical discrimination with the Medicare Advantage that I think a lot of the dialysis patients cannot be enrolled in an MA plan if they already have ESRD. And I guess I'm just wondering if there's any movement from an advocacy perspective to try to alter some of that discrimination, I know if LeAnne's around -- so just kind of curious where that stands.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, the fact is it's a historical artifact, when HMOs were invented and people were, in some cases, legitimately very concerned about caregivers and owners of HMO plans withholding care, because of that concern, dialysis patients were excluded from signing up for a plan in order to protect them from their own selection, if they already had, had kidney failure. So that's the historical logic for it. Now it is quite the ridiculous provision that actually hurts these patients because often in our work with Medicare Advantage plans, we're able to provide additional services consistent with the Medicare Advantage plan, offering additional services in many other areas, most prominently by working with people like our HealthCare Partners team, in order to do a lot of extra stuff and save in total cost. And so it's gone from something that was to protect the patient to something that hurts thousands of patients. Having said that, we've had so many other policy fish to fry the last several years that we've never mounted, and the patients have never mounted a serious attack on this quite ridiculous discriminatory -- uniquely discriminatory provision. And so maybe that's something that we'll work on in the next year or 2 or 3 because there really is terrible, terrible policy.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Kevin Ellich.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just wanted to go back to Gary's comment or question on AFFY. It sounds like Fresenius actually just paused the trial, they didn't discontinue it. But nonetheless, have you guys given any consideration in using other ESAs as an option, Kent?
Kent J. Thiry: The answer to the question you asked is, yes, we have given a lot of consideration to this, and we'll continue to. But up to this point, we're very happy with the quality of our partnership with Amgen.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then just one last thing. Is there any update on the CFO position? I know Jim is still interim. We like working with him, but just wondering if there was any movement on that front.
Kent J. Thiry: Jim is still interim, and the search process is continuing. But given how he's been willing to tolerate working extra hours, we're picking up some nice P&L savings.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Kent J. Thiry: All right. Well, I thank everybody for your endurance, for all of you who are still out there. We're going to go back and root for not only Peyton Manning but also Aaron Rodgers. And we'll work hard for you and talk to you again in 3 months. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - Vice President of Investor Relations Kent J. Thiry - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James K. Hilger - Interim Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller Matthew Mazdyasni - Chief Financial & Administrative Officer and Executive Vice President LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Group Vice President
Analysts: Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Andrea Bici Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jona and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Q3 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Jim Gustafson, you may join your -- start your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, Jona, and welcome everyone to our third quarter conference call. We appreciate your interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations, and with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Jim Hilger, our interim CFO; LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President; and Matthew Mazdyasni, HealthCare Partners Executive Vice President and CFO. Also, Bob Margolis, HCP's CEO, may be joining us later in the call as well. I'd like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statements. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and annual report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are based on the information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, I'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Thank you, Jim, and thanks to all of you for joining on this call, and we are hoping that all of you and your families and friends are safe and are going to get through the storm okay. The second quarter was a solid quarter. We did well both clinically and operationally. I'll cover 3 topics: Clinical outcomes, our outlook and then HealthCare Partners in turn. But first, clinical outcomes, as we always do, because that is what comes first. We are, at our most basic, a caregiving company serving approximately 151,000 patients now, and soon many more when we close the HealthCare Partners combination. With respect to adequacy, which is essentially how well we're doing at removing toxins from our patients' blood, this quarter, 98% of our hemodialysis patients had a Kt/V greater than 1.2. Second, with respect to vascular access, 71% of our patients have fistulas. Third, with respect to phosphorous, 81% of our patients have phosphorous levels less than or equal to 5.5 milligrams per deciliter. We also did very well in vaccinations in a number of other areas. And for these and virtually all other clinical measures, our patient outcomes compare very favorably to the national averages. And this quality care not only results in healthier patients, but also drives reductions in hospitalizations and surgical procedures and therefore, significant savings to the U.S. health care system. Subject #2 for me is our outlook. But the good news is that both DaVita and HealthCare Partners have continued to perform according to our plans and expectations, perhaps even a little better than that. And the ultimate 2012 outlook reflects that trend. In addition, we are initiating operating income guidance for 2013 and that's to be in the range of $1.75 billion to $1.9 billion NOI, which of course includes the HealthCare Partners contribution, and this guidance incorporates the majority of the probabilistic outcomes. We also have a significant number of headwinds and challenges to face on both sides of our enterprise. On the dialysis side, some of the most significant risk factors that we had to take into account are: a potential 2% cut to Medicare reimbursement due to sequestration; additional risk around additional Medicare reimbursement reductions, as there is risk that the physician fixed will take place and will be paid for by across-the-board cuts to other Medicare providers or not across-the-board cuts to other Medicare providers; and then third, the uncertainty around our commercial book of business, both mix and rates, because sadly, we continue to lose money on Medicare treatments and have to rely on private insurance to fill that gap. Despite these formidable risk factors, the fundamentals of our core kidney care business remained noteworthy, both in terms of excellent and continually improving clinical care, strong market position, steady volume growth and a history of strong stable cash generation. So as we look at the intermediate and longer term, we're well positioned in this essential therapy and we're eager to get the government's permission to expand our abilities to provide integrated care to more patients and families across America. We will improve quality and save money once we're unleashed and allowed to do that. And my third and final topic is an update on the HealthCare Partners combination. We expect the acquisition to close soon. The integration process is going according to plan. We have started to work in partnership with HealthCare Partners management on enhancing their infrastructure to drive new market growth. This will, of course, take some time. And throughout the process, we've become ever more convinced of the foundational strengths of the HealthCare Partners business practices in terms of: a, improving health, demonstrably improving patient health; number -- b, providing patient and physician-centric services; and c, controlling the long-term health care spend in a highly differentiated way. Once the combination is completed, our leverage ratio will be about 3.7x net debt to EBITDA, which is only slightly above our long-stated preferred leverage range of 3.0x to 3.5x, although we have also said for a long time the lead periods when we go above or below. Thus, through this combination, we will have added tremendous upside onto our shareholder platform without much of a change to our balance sheet. On a combined enterprise, we'll have a very distinctive potential for free cash generation as HCP is highly likely to contribute significant free cash flows in 2013, even after the initial debt cost to finance the deal. I'll now turn the call over to our interim CFO, Jim Hilger.
James K. Hilger: Thanks, Kent. Non-acquired growth in Q3 was 4.4% when normalized for days of the week. The U.S. dialysis revenue per treatment was down about $0.74 from the prior quarter, primarily due to a decline in mix in the quarter. Note that this decline occurred after our mix had remained stable for the first 2 quarters of the year. I would like to point out that our private pay population continues to grow in absolute terms. But its growth was outpaced by the growth in government programs, such as Medicare Advantage and the VA in the quarter. U.S. dialysis patient care cost per treatment was up about $0.20 from the prior quarter, which is within the normal quarterly fluctuations. Dialysis G&A per treatment was down about $0.35 from the prior quarter, benefiting from lower professional fee spending and a continued decrease in the DSI integration costs, as the DSI integration is almost complete. Please note that G&A costs generally fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, and we anticipate higher G&A expense in the fourth quarter due to increased IT spend and the timing of legal costs. International losses declined to $8 million in the quarter, reflecting some reduced legal and professional fee expenses. We expect international losses to be in the mid- to high-$30 million in 2012. Debt expense in the quarter was impacted by the recently completed HCP-related bond offering in late August. This offering resulted in approximately $9 million in interest expense and related fees in the third quarter. This HCP-related debt expense reduced our earnings per share by $0.06 below where it otherwise would have been. And operating cash flow was $367 million in the third quarter. Now, a few additional points on our outlook. We are updating our 2012 operating income guidance to legacy DaVita to a range of $1.315 billion to $1.33 billion, excluding the second quarter legal accrual and certain fourth quarter transaction expenses related to the HCP acquisition. Furthermore, the remainder of -- for the remainder of 2012, we expect HealthCare Partners to contribute $25 million to $30 million per month in operating income once the merger closes. We are also providing 2013 operating cash flow guidance of $1.35 billion to $1.5 billion. Next, I would like to provide an update on the operating results of HealthCare Partners and some important effects of the HCP acquisition. HealthCare Partners continues to perform according to its plan, delivering strong results in the third quarter, reporting an EBITDA of $161 million. These strong earnings were a result of 2 factors: First, seasonal Medicare Advantage revenue true-ups, which occur in the third quarter of each year and have historically provided a boost to operating revenues; and two, seasonally low utilization. We do anticipate that HCP will see lower operating income results in the fourth quarter as indicated by our guidance. We now expect HCP to exceed their 2012 EBITDA earn-out target of $550 million. And for 2013, we forecast HCP's segment operating income to be in the range of $400 million to $450 million. Following are a few more details you should consider when modeling the impact of the HCP transaction this year and next. We anticipate total debt expense in the fourth quarter to be approximately $102 million. We anticipate our total debt cost in 2013 to be about $425 million. But this could vary depending on any hedging we might do and the LIBOR impact of unhedged debt. In addition, following the close and subject to the finalization of purchase accounting, we anticipate HCP depreciation and amortization expense to be approximately $14 million per month, approximately $12 million of which would be amortization of intangibles. We expect equity compensation for HCP to be approximately $1 million per month. And the effective tax rate attributed to income for the combined company in 2013 will be in the range of 40% to 41%. We will have one-time deal costs for the HCP acquisition in the fourth quarter. We will call out these costs when we report the fourth quarter. And finally, keep in mind that we will be issuing 9.38 million shares of DaVita's stock upon closing of the deal. And with that, operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich from Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I wanted to ask a few things here. I guess just in terms of the outlook, would be interested in just getting your thoughts on sequestration, in particular. I'm familiar with your probabilistic language in terms of how things get baked in from the risk side of the equation. But I guess I'd be curious just to know how probable or high the probability is in the outlook relative to sequestration, just to help us get our arms around that. I think most of us have assumed in our model that, that's close to 100% probability. So specific to that, maybe would like to hear how you're thinking about that on the risk side.
Kent J. Thiry: We also ascribe a high probability to something like that happening.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So high -- greater than 50%? Just maybe you could qualitatively help us think about how that's baked into your outlook.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. Darren, it's KT. I think, as you know, and significantly above 50%. We think it's highly likely that something like that will happen relatively soon no matter who's elected. It is not 100%, but we put the number up pretty high, and I repeat, that either it or something like it will happen as scheduled or sometime soon.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then if I could, with Matt in the line, we obviously appreciate the detail, Jim, on the HCP performance in Q3. I would be curious to know, what the year ago, Q3 was, we're also getting a hand on the seasonality of the business. So just with a comparison on EBITDA. And, Matt, specifically, if you can just help us think about the seasonal true-ups and the utilization and sort of what the your order of magnitude was for those in the period.
Matthew Mazdyasni: Sure, the utilization in third quarter, usually, it's better and we had the same phenomena happen last year third quarter. Also, there were true-up based on our risk adjustment factors that's at the time of the year that Medicare CMS pays us and updates the RAP score. So that exact thing happened also in 2011.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And the EBITDA number in '11, in the third quarter, against the 161, it was what?
Kent J. Thiry: I don't think we want to go in the history of that level of detail, Darren, because there are some so many puts and takes. But suffice it to say that what's happening this year, Q3, Q4 is comparable to what happened last year Q3, Q4.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, all right. And then just one last thing, if I could. I'd be curious to know if LeAnne's on the line or somebody if you could comment. We're obviously expecting a pretty important rule-making cycle for dialysis in this next year. And I just would love to get your thoughts on how robust you think CMS's data set is. I'm sure you've had a lot of conversation with them. But specifically, as it relate to the orals, how do you feel that CMS is sort of prepared to include a thoughtful rule for 2014 on that?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, let me take a first pass, Darren, and then LeAnne is on the line and she can amend any of the statements. The good news is that CMS is working hard because they know their data set is fundamentally flawed and incomplete. And so they know that and they are doing good work and good analysis and doing good listening to try to figure it out. The tough reality is it's not easy for them to do that and the dynamics of orals are pretty intense. And so we continue, since we're the leader by far in that arena in terms of providing a comprehensive array of orals to patients, we're unique in having the data that shows what well-managed utilization protocols and practices and conventions are that correlate with the best clinical outcomes, both for health and for macroeconomics for the health care system. And we are, of course, dutifully reporting to those, to them every opportunity we get. So good news is they're working it hard and showing it the respect it deserves as an important and difficult issue. The bad news is that it doesn't necessarily mean they're going to get it right and if they get it wrong, it's really bad for patients. LeAnne, what would you amend?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Nothing, Kent. That was well stated.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess on the HCP front, there was an announcement of an acquisition during the quarter into a new geography. Could you comment on how that's going and maybe more generally on how you think about new geographies as you enter them and what makes them attractive?
Matthew Mazdyasni: That is the acquisition -- it's ABQ Health in Albuquerque, New Mexico. We consummated that transaction effective September 1. And we are now in the process of helping them to have all the core competencies that HealthCare Partners has and implement that for that market.
Kent J. Thiry: And what I would add, Gary, is as is been documented in the public realm that's we're in a bit of a spat with one of the other local organizations there, and so right now, battling it away and impossible for us right now to predict what the outcome, what the short-term outcome of that will be.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Is it possible for you to give us any color on the spat?
Kent J. Thiry: No, it's pretty typical stuff when you can't agree on a rate between a plan and a provider, that then you get into a bit of a tussle. And that's what's happening, so it's pretty normal as those things go. And also, it's an intense exchange and that's why we just have to say, we just can't predict how it's going to come out.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Maybe a couple of housekeeping items. I'm not sure if you said it, but what percent of commercial -- of total dialysis treatments was it?
James K. Hilger: 10%, Gary.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And that's rounded, I assume?
James K. Hilger: Yes.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then as you are negotiating the commercial book of business, are there any updates as it continue to sort of be the same back-and-forth or is it getting more difficult or easier?
Kent J. Thiry: I would say, at this point, it's the same, which is to say, always difficult, always a big challenge. We are holding our breath a bit. And at the same time, there's always some opportunities and it kind of nets out in the last couple of years to a relatively smooth trajectory. It's pretty misleading in terms of how it feels like to be in the boat. But there is nothing dramatically different going on right now in terms of the things being harder or easier.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And was there any impact from pharmaceuticals on the cost per treatment in the quarter? Did prices go up or down meaningfully in the quarter?
James K. Hilger: Gary, not really. It was pretty flat in the quarter.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then if you could just update us on how you're thinking about the use or I guess the potential use of any of the competing drugs that are out there today?
Kent J. Thiry: Gary, a particular one in mind? Otherwise, we might ramble too much.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Omantis was the one I had in mind.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, that's what I figured. Well, for us, as you probably recall and many others recall, we made a -- established a serious partnership with Amgen, with Epogen, which is the gold standard for anemia management. And so, we've got our partner with a very well established, proven drug and therapy. At the same time, we're paying a lot of attention to, of course, what else is going on and we'll be very curious to see exactly what does unfold.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. But you're not doing any kind of small demo or trial with Omantis, are you?
Kent J. Thiry: No, we're not.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'll assume that's me then. This is Kevin Fischbeck. A question for you about the guidance for HealthCare Partners for next year. I know that a lot of times the Medicare Advantage plans talk about the selling season or their benefit design versus their competitors. I mean, I guess, when you guys outlined your operating income projections for next year, I mean, what factors are you looking at to give you comfort with that range for next year?
Kent J. Thiry: Boy, Kevin, I had pretty much -- Matt and I would just list off the generic stuff. We had to take it all into account. What you think is going to happen with rates, what's going to happen in existing markets with non-acquired growth, what deals we're going to close, all of the various components of the medical loss ratio, so how much expense we're going to add to ramp up our ability to go into new markets. So can you come at us again because I'm worried that we're being so generic, we're not helping you?
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Well, I guess it's just that we've seen kind of utilization be pretty low for quite some time. I mean, how do you think about utilization going forward and your ability to control that in the context of where your rates are settling out? What kind of assumptions you're making about membership growth and the plans that you guys are aligned with because that's going to help drive your client base as well?
Kent J. Thiry: Kevin, I think as far as our utilization is concerned, we are pretty comfortable with our projection. By October 15, usually, we have very good visibility on all the benefits that all the health plans have filed. So from that point of view, we are able to incorporate that to our projection. And I think on enrollments, we have looked at our rate of growth for the past few years and incorporated that into the projection.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And if you could just remind me, you mentioned deals and I think you guys have talked about doing good number of deals each year. So in your guidance, you're assuming a certain number of deals, you just assumed that it's prorated overtime? And if you can just remind me kind of how to think about the EBITDA contribution from deals each year?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I think what we did emphasize in the capital markets is that they didn't flow evenly, not like dialysis where we do 20, 30 deals a year, huge numbers of de novos that HealthCare Partners, the new business in terms of deals comes much more in chunks. And some of them have a lot of potential for post deal ramp up and others don't. So it's going to be chunkier than what DaVita shareholders are used to. Having said that, we are very confident that in the next few years, we will be getting exciting or attractive deals done. We just, right now, wouldn't be very good at predicting when. Is that responsive?
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I thought that the guidance at the capital markets, it was something like it's $80 million of deals a year and then chunky bigger deals on top of that. Is that not the way to think about it? And if it is, then what did $80 million of transactions mean from a contribution perspective?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, as to your question about what prior guidance was provided, everyone in the room is telling me that no, we did not say what you thought you heard. And then as to the second one, sort of generically, what does $80 million in deals buy you. Boy, it really differs so radically because sometimes, you might get an asset with no earnings but tremendous potential. Other times, you get one with nice healthy earnings at a solid multiple. And other times, well, I won't go through more scenarios. But I think you'll see from the announced transactions, that there's deals that get done in sort of the 6 to 7.5 multiple ranges, captures a high percentage of transactions that are actually completed, with some outside that are on either end.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. I was getting confused. Maybe you're assuming that paydown in your worst case scenario, maybe that's what I was thinking about. Okay, then last question. If you gave the international losses for 2012, I didn't hear a 2013. What are you assuming for 2013 in your international losses guidance?
Kent J. Thiry: You are right. We didn't provide -- that it is, of course, incorporated into our broader guidance and why don't we provide that next quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Weight from Feltl.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: First question on the guidance for HCP. Can you confirm, does that include the 2 most, I guess, recent acquisitions, ABQ and I think the other one was Arta?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, it does.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And Matt, I appreciate the color on the risk coding adjustment that you guys received here in the third quarter. When you look back historically, what kind of a contribution has risk coding done in terms of percent of growth from your kind of revenue PMPM?
Matthew Mazdyasni: That the level of detail -- first of all, it moves up and down quite a bit. And second, that's not a level of detail that we've provided up to this point. I don't know that we ever will, but certainly, aren't doing it now because it does move amount a fair amount.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Fair enough. Thought I'd ask. And then the other one with ABQ, I'm wondering, would you be able to provide any sort of break out with the membership? I believe they had about 26,000 in MA members, in total maybe 180,000. Could you break the rest out between commercial and Medicaid at this point?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, the 26,000 is MA and then they have about another 20,000 Medicare regular fee for service and there is about 60,000 Medicaid and the rest of it, commercial book of business.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then also I missed the explanations in terms of the G&A expenses. They look like lower than what we are estimating here for the quarter. Can you provide that again, please?
James K. Hilger: Yes, G&A expenses in the quarter benefited from lower professional fee spending and a continued decrease in the DSI integration cost. So it was $0.35 per treatment improvement.
Matthew Mazdyasni: Matt, this is Matthew Mazdyasni. I want to go back to your earlier question about the coding. I think what is most exciting to our organization and our physicians and caregiver is by appropriately coding and documenting it, it really help us to do the disease management, the population health, the treatment of these patients. So the fact that we are very good at it, I think mostly is because we're looking at it from a clinical point of view and using that information to help us treat the patient more effectively. So I just wanted to add that.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, I appreciate that. And last question. It looks like, for the quarter, your provision as a percent of the dialysis revenues kind of ticked up a little bit there. Was there anything that you guys want to point out to that increase?
James K. Hilger: Yes, Matt. That was primarily driven by the changes in bad debt recoveries in the quarter, where -- and as a result from changes in the new bad debt, the Medicare bad debt rules. We expect that to be sustained.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich from Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just following up on the G&A question to Jim Hilger, is this level sustainable, is this a good run rate or is there anything where that would push back up?
James K. Hilger: Well, we haven't given specific G&A guidance for 2013 and we're not prepared to do that yet as we are still putting together our budgets for next year. But we do expect G&A expense to increase in the fourth quarter. And again, that's due to IT spend and the timing of legal costs.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. And yes, the legal cost, what is -- is that related to the closing of the deal or something else?
James K. Hilger: These are not related to the transaction costs. These are other legal costs that relate to compliance and legal spend costs.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then going to HCP. In the press release, you guys talk about the $275 million of earn-out payments that will be paid this year and in 2013. Is it split evenly between the 2 years? And will it be paid upon closing or how should we think about that?
Kent J. Thiry: It's split evenly across the 2 years and it's based on the completion of the 2012 results and then the 2013 results. It would be paid shortly thereafter. I don't know the precise definition of shortly.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. That's helpful. And then, as we all look to incorporate HCP into our models, is there a good way, Jim, to think about modeling the revenues? Do you want us to just use kind of what HCP had provided in the S-4 or I mean, is there a more defined or greater level of detail that you can help us or walk us through?
James K. Hilger: I think what was in the S-4 is a good thing to base your modeling on. May I just remind you that HCP has reported that revenue is not -- does not represent the full amount of medical funds under management, it is a higher number.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay, okay. Good points. And then...
Kent J. Thiry: When we say under management, we mean the dollars where we are coordinating the care.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Right, right. And then, you gave us the amount for amortization per -- D&A per month of $14 million. Was that the same as what was provided in the capital markets presentation, where you gave the guidance of $550 million to $600 million for EBITDA?
James K. Hilger: It was the same that was in the S-4 filing that we did, Kevin. In the -- we did not -- I can't recall the dollar amount we actually put in the capital markets day presentation. But it is the same as that we had in the S-4 filing and we do expect to update that number once we complete our purchase accounting.
Kent J. Thiry: And if you give us a follow-up call, we can let you know exactly what we said in the Capital Markets session.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it, got it. And then just lastly, on the international front, you guys have been slowly moving there. Is there anything, any new markets that are looking interesting, maybe South/Latin America, anything like that?
Kent J. Thiry: We are looking at 1 or 2 new countries because they look distinctively attractive, and we have specific opportunities that are differentially attracted to us. But I think it's probably in your best interest to keep them quiet until we see if we get something done.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with Citigroup.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Unfortunately for me, I missed about the first 20 minutes, so please just refer me to the transcript. I want to ask something again. But I just wanted to confirm one thing. On the $14 million of D&A per month, that includes both the modest depreciation that HCP had and all the deal amortization, correct?
James K. Hilger: Yes. It's the depreciation expense, which should be similar to what HCP had incurred, as well as the amortization of the intangibles. That does not include goodwill, which you do not amortize.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And on the 2013 operating income guidance, do both ends of that range include sequestration, or is that -- can you hit the top end of the range if sequestration stays in place?
Kent J. Thiry: Gary, the model, of course, is a combination of our assessment of the probabilities across a wide range of variables, not just picking one number for each variable. So could we -- if theoretically, we said we had the full impact of sequestration but did well everyplace else, could we hit the high end? I don't -- none of us here on the table know the answer to that specific question because we wouldn't have run that specific model. There are so many swing factors, and we play with lots of different probabilities. So I'm afraid we can't answer that specific one. We can just state the obvious that if you do math, then sequestration alone has a very big incremental impact. But it's a little bit -- we'd be a little bit, I think, tenuous to say that something like that is going to happen and everything else is going to go really well. That's just not usually how the world works. There's usually more of a distribution of outcomes across the swing factors.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And what's the dollar amount you'd roughly put as a sequestration impact?
Kent J. Thiry: It's about -- it's 2% of the Medicare revenues. Medicare represents about half of our dialysis revenue, so roughly 1% of our dialysis revenue.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right, okay. Last question, Kent, when you think about 2014 -- I know you just gave '13 guidance, I'm already asking about '14 but just conceptually. When you think about 3 big moving parts for the dialysis business in '14, any potential rebasing? Obviously, the oral is coming into the bundle and where the final payment amount will be for that and then obviously, some opportunity presumably with EPO going off patent. When you look at the combination of those 3 factors, what's your confidence level that those 3 factors are a net positive to DaVita, a neutral or net negative versus '13?
Kent J. Thiry: That's a very fair question, Gary, and I think I'll disappoint you in the answer, and there's also, I would say, exchanges into the mix as another big new development potentially or not. So there's really 4 of them, and in each one, a pessimist would find comfort in being pessimistic and an optimistic would find some comfort in being optimistic. And it's probably going to end up being sort of a mix of outcomes across those 4. So right now, we don't have a tilt in any direction other than that much change always feels, on a net basis, kind of scary when you've got a successful operation that's doing good things for patients and societies. So maybe the only leaning I could give you is we would prefer not to have so many big swing factors kicking in, in 15 months because that's scary stuff.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Any new developments on any of those, I guess, coming out of any DC to any color to add or not at this point?
Kent J. Thiry: Nothing, I think, that would help any of us predict the outcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Andrew with William Blair.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Maybe for a change of pace, Kent, can you talk a little bit about your latest thoughts on integrated care within the traditional dialysis business? It sounds as though, perhaps, there's a greater impetus towards an RFP early in 2013 of some size.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, it does. I don't know. At some point, you just worry about losing all credibility. Although I think we always hedged with sufficient clarity that we're not actually wrong, but it does seem that in the next 6 to 9 months, they are certainly intending to come out with something. And they had hopes of doing it in 2012. That was their own goal. But I think it would be unfair to criticize them for not hitting it because it's very tricky, and the good news is that they're asking a lot of right questions and soliciting a lot of the right input. So I would be quite surprised if we got through, unless the election results or some other external factors throw everything into disarray, I'd be very surprised if by 6 months into next year, we didn't have an RFP to react to a comment period.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Are we wrong to think it could be of significant scale, even as much as, say, 10% of the overall market?
Kent J. Thiry: No, we do not know. And so someone would have to have better intelligence than us in order to answer that question. We just don't know how confident they're going to get in the end. We are still confident that we can give a great clinical and economic gift to patients in America if we're given a fair shot. But as to how risk-averse they'll be in the end, I just can't say. We, of course, try to point out the -- as opposed to the risk of something going wrong by trying a new approach like that. Right now, we have the reality of things going wrong for a lot of patients because it doesn't exist. And so it's really hard for us that our caregivers do deal with all the constraints on providing such a powerful gift. But I got to go right on back to say they may be too risk-averse to do something anywhere close to that. We just don't know, and I don't know that they've decided yet either.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrea Bici with UBS O'Connor.
Andrea Bici: Just a couple of questions, Kent. First, as you move towards the bundle, and you said CMS is working really hard, has the discussion come up that one of the orals that will be put into the bundle goes generic in the first quarter of 2014, which is ostensibly kind of the first quarter the bundle is being implemented? Second, when you look at the HCP opportunity and look back as you, Renal Care Group and a few others really consolidated the dialysis industry, how would you characterize almost the running room that HCP has versus the running room DaVita, Gambro, that you all had probably in the mid-2000 time frame, like 2005 or so?
Kent J. Thiry: Let me answer that second one, and I'll turn to LeAnne for the first one regarding early 2014 patent situation. On the issue of sort of market fragmentation, if you will, and the potential for a few key players to emerge as leaders to a fair amount of consolidating, on the one hand, the population health management industry or community, that's a more complicated -- it's a more complicated operation compared to a pretty unidimensional kidney care. Although within kidney care, there's a lot of richness, at the level of your question, there's quite a difference. Having said that, we do believe that the dream of DaVita HealthCare Partners is to do the same thing there that we've done here, which is be different enough, be credible enough for the capital markets and be aggressive enough to, in fact, become not just a leader in a few regional markets but a national leader with a differentiated value proposition for patients and for the taxpayer and premium payers. So over the long term, we think that there can be a parallel story, even though it's more complicated.
Andrea Bici: And, well, the next question is also for LeAnne.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Oh, did you want me -- sure. As you know, Roche and Amgen entered into a marketing agreement in '11 to bring their product to market at the end of May in 2014. I'm not familiar with where they are with respect to actually introducing their commercial product.
Andrea Bici: Okay. Also on the bundle, how do we think about it, the bundle coupled with the orals? Do we think about it as some sort of neutral transition, as an uplift to revenue per treatment just based on how the discussions are going, or is that too forward of guidance to give?
Kent J. Thiry: LeAnne, do you want to take that one?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Sure. Obviously, right now, we don't have specific visibility into the answer to that question, Andrea. CMS has not announced their intention specifically whether they are going to rebate the entire bundle or not, and they obviously have not yet given specifics around how they're thinking about the oral policy and the introduction of that. We're having good conversation with CMS. They understand the magnitude, the challenge of introducing these oral drugs and, at the same time, doing it in a way that allows clinical quality to improve while the economics are reasonable for providers. So that is certainly something that will be the subject of continuing discussion between the industry and the agency as we move forward in 2013.
Andrea Bici: Great. And one last question. Sorry to be such a pest. How do you think about labor inflation? If next year is kind of a make-or-break year, we'll either be in a recession or the economy could turn around and improve. And obviously, you've done scenario analysis modeling. And just maybe how do you frame it or how have you been thinking about it?
Kent J. Thiry: Let me take a first stab at it, and then you come back at me if I'm missing the point or if someone else here on the table wants to add. And by the way, LeAnne is in another city, so if some of the handoffs are a little awkward, that explains most of it, at least. On the labor front, 2 things. If a bunch of the bad stuff happens, sequestration, using some of our money as part of their physician fix, et cetera, then we and other health care service providers are going to have to ask our teammates to help absorb some of that burden because it would be quite a blow. And so that's one factor. The second factor is the impact of those kinds of measures as a part of broader government policy are pretty difficult to then translate into a forecast for how overall unemployment and wage movements are going to behave. And apart from industry-specific things like sequestration or dialysis-related cuts to fund part of the physician fix, we've got the big just macroeconomic forces where we know that those ripple through into what happens for our people. And so those are the 2 big influencers of what happens next year. We, of course, are hoping that we have a strong year and do kind of merit increases and profit-sharing with our team that we like to do. But in the face of lots of other bad news, that may not be possible.
Andrea Bici: That is helpful. And can you maybe provide in your guidance what percent of your cost structure is labor? Just so we know what number to kind of work with as we're incorporating all these scenarios.
Kent J. Thiry: I think these people are going to give you a couple of numbers to make sure we get the right definition between field versus corporate or SWBs versus related. And so why don't we fire that exact number back to you in a couple of minutes?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo from Robert.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess first just a quick technical question on the earn-out, I'm just trying to figure out exactly how that works in 2013. It doesn't appear that it's in the guidance. So I guess I'm trying to get an idea of how you accrue that cost, do you accrue it at all, is it onetime in December and to what extent you'll provide transparency around that.
James K. Hilger: Yes, Whit, this is Jim. The earn-out is actually put on the opening balance sheet as a contingent liability, and then each quarter, the probability of achievement of that is reassessed. And if it increases, it's run through as an expense. If it decreases, its a negative expense effectively. That would go through the 2013 financials, but there will be a probability of achievement already on the books on the closing financials.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So implicitly, you are including part of the earn-out based on various probability and assumptions here for 2013?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, that's right. We will make an assessment, a probabilistic assessment of the likelihood of achieving the earn-out in '12 and '13 as part of our purchase accounting. And we will record that as where the assets acquired and also a liability, which, as Jim said, may fluctuate and run through the P&L as the actual results are achieved.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And I wanted to go back to ABQ for a second. As you look at that deal sort of in hindsight, can HealthCare Partners be successful in that market without Lovelace? And does that dynamic at play or, I guess, the spat, as you call it, does that, in any way, reshape the thinking on entering new markets or the development strategy at all?
Kent J. Thiry: I'll take this one and then Matthew might want to add. Number one, it does not affect our appetite for new markets. Number two, yes, we can be successful without Lovelace, and at the same time, we have no particular desire to, but that's the answer to the question. And number three, I didn't want to try to minimize it when I used the words spat, and so when you replay it for me, it makes it sound like I had been trying to trivialize it. It's a very, very intense competition going on there. And so please forgive me if I, in any way, was interpreted as trying to minimize it. Within the context of that market, within the context of HealthCare Partners overall, the EBITDA run rate there was about 2% of total HealthCare Partners EBITDA. So in that context, it's quite tiny, but I did not mean to minimize the intensity of the competition in the market.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That's fair. I guess I was just trying to get a sense of -- do you think about relationships with payers and providers any differently after dealing with that contractual argument at this point in time?
Kent J. Thiry: No, not at all. And over HealthCare Partners' 30 years of consistent success, there have been other times where they've gotten in battles and standoffs and the rest with different payers. However, while that is a true statement, the overall track record and one of the areas where our philosophies blend well is that, that's not what we believe in. What's far more noteworthy than the 2% EBITDA that has these battles going on is the 98% where we worked constructively with payers for years and years and years, both sides benefiting and then both sides helping the patients' benefit. So that's the dominant element of our philosophy and our strategy, and it's just unfortunate that Albuquerque is an exception to that general rule. Matthew, would you like to amend that at all?
Matthew Mazdyasni: Yes, it is truly an exception because when I look at what we are hearing from payers who want to partner with us and really ask us to go through different areas, it is very much -- they want to work with us because very much, they are interested in partnering with us. So it is truly an exceptional situation that exists. When we look at the opportunities on all the other markets, the payers are more than interested for us to grow with them.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That's fine. And I guess one last question. We've covered it a lot, but, Kent, back to your point on looking into 2014 and some of the risk with exchanges, I presume you're referring to the unknowns of the small group market and the individual market and whether or not MSP does or does not apply there. Can you just elaborate a little bit more on how you're thinking about that dynamic and what conversations, whether LeAnne's having in DC at this point in time?
Kent J. Thiry: And the conversation on which topic, please?
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Looking at the exchange -- the unknowns around exchanges and whether or not we'll see the small group market compromise and the individual market grow and the questions around whether or not MSP applies to the individual market in the exchanges. I thought that's what you were referring to when you said there were some risks around the exchanges. Maybe we're talking about 2 different topics here.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay, let me take a stab at it because we just got a note that LeAnne's line got cut off. Otherwise, I would have turned to her. And I'm going to go back to Albuquerque one moment just to dive into the weeds in one way, given you asked sort of a broader question about what that suggests or implies for other payers elsewhere. One of the unusual elements of the Albuquerque situation is Lovelace is a plan in a hospital that are in one organization. So as opposed to most plans across America that have a real strong interest in improving quality and reducing costs, they have a very strong interest in keeping hospital costs up. And so that made it a lot less surprising for there to be a difficult time in reaching any kind of quick agreement. We're just feeling really good about what our model does for society and patients as opposed to one that's quite focused on maintaining high hospital admissions and high hospital rates. LeAnne is back on. I'll take a cut at your exchange question. No, there's nothing that we know that should create any concern beyond what you had before in this area nor any good news beyond what you would have already heard. It's just the uncertainty about the actual architectural detail of how they are going to operate. And the mechanics means that we still don't know if we're going to have lots of new patients with insurance at good rates or we're going to have fewer private patients at good rates. It's impossible to predict now how many uninsured people will become insured and more attractive from an economic point of view versus how many private pay patients that pay a certain level today will be paying at a lower level then. And you can create very, very feasible scenarios in either direction, and right now, no one knows the answer. That's why I listed as the fourth significant swing factor around, which we still have a very neutral stance in terms of predicting this. Does that answer your question?
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes. No, it does. I guess I was trying to dive a little bit more specifically into the individual market and whether or not -- if it's complicated because MSP doesn't apply there and if you begin to see the small group market compromise over time. I guess it's a sort of longer-term question that we all sort of have.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. We think it's -- well, I'll let LeAnne go ahead and comment.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Well, I do think what Kent -- Kent's remarks were correct. Yes, most of us do not know how this will play out. A couple of things that we can offer, which is that the benchmark plans do cover dialysis, so that's a good fact. It is a fact today that individuals do pay out of pocket and maintain their commercial insurance. Hopefully, within the exchanges, that same type of level of policy would be reasonably affordable. I don't believe we can yet make predictions about what the policies would look like more specifically or who will purchase them. I think that's just not knowable at this point in time.
Kent J. Thiry: And it's certainly the case, just to add on, that if the government would start taking -- a lot of people around private insurance start taking their insurance away, that would be unpopular with a lot of folks in a pretty intense way.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Ransom with Raymond James.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to dive into the weeds of Albuquerque. Is the MA a global capitation, or is it just a physician capitation at this point?
Kent J. Thiry: If you're talking about the MA that we have with Lovelace, it has been based on a discounted fee for service payment, not capitated.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Does it cover the whole spend or just the physician spend at this point?
Kent J. Thiry: The numbers with ABQ is only the physician spend.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So is it potentially an opportunity to expand that to the global healthcare spend [indiscernible]?
Kent J. Thiry: That's what we want in every market over time.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So just to be clear, when you ran the economics on that deal, you ran it based on the business as is, or was it just the physician piece of the spend?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, we never get into any market without the intention and goal of moving to a coordinated care physician, where it's either globally capitated or some form of shared savings coordinated care. So that's always a part of our motivation.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich, Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just had 2, really, clarifications. One, Jim, you guys mentioned just with regards to the earn-out, the accounting treatment for that. I just want to confirm that you plan to expense that as a contingent purchase price expense. I guess that's the accounting treatment that we're used to seeing now for earn-outs. So essentially, you take the $275 million and just divide it by 8, and that's what's in your OI guidance as an expense. Is that generally speaking the right way?
James K. Hilger: No, Darren, that's not correct. What we will do in purchase accounting is estimate the probabilistic outcome of the total earn-out. So if the total earn-out is $275 million, we will record as part of the purchase price some amount that is less than $275 million because there is some probability that they won't achieve the earn-out in '13 or '14. And then, as the earn-out is earned and as things progress, quarter-by-quarter, we'll reassess that probabilistic outcome, and the change in those estimates will then result in either a P&L charge or a reduction of expense in the quarter of the change in estimate. So I would not expect significant quarterly swings here, Darren, unless there is a significant change in the business.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And so the starting balance sheet for that contingent liability, what will be the number that we should just be thinking about or expect to see when that balance sheet is set up?
James K. Hilger: Well, we haven't finalized that yet, but my guess is it will be in the range of -- and I'll give you a broad range, but just to try to size it, $225 million to $275 million, somewhere in that range.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then the last thing, really, this one is for Matt. Can you give us the average star rating across all of your health plan partners for 2012 and then to the extent you have any visibility on 2013, what you think that average will be?
Matthew Mazdyasni: Sure. The average currently is 3.5. And as you know, the star rating, it's not only based on what we do. HEDIS, which is the measurement that we contribute, it's part of that star rating. The rest of it, it depends on how the plan does business and how good they are in responding to the patients' calls and lots of other things. So we are working with certain health plans to see how we can improve upon that. That is now a bigger item, if you will, when health plans come, and we have a monthly or quarterly meeting with them. They're paying a lot of attention to it, and they are asking us to help them also. And we believe in the long term, it's going to also incentivize and encourage these plans to really work with the groups who really are effective in those measures. And some of the smaller groups and IPAs, unfortunately, they are not investing and have not invested in those infrastructure to improve the HEDIS criteria.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Any sense for whether you think that will improve from 3.5 next year? I'm just trying to understand if that's possible swing factor for next year.
Matthew Mazdyasni: I can't predict what the number is going to be, but I think it's an opportunity as they're finding out that we can help them and others cannot, perhaps, bring some more enrollment to us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrea Bici from UBS O'Connor.
Andrea Bici: Sorry, just following up. Did you get the labor number?
James K. Hilger: Yes. Labor for dialysis is in the range of 36% to 38% of revenue. That's fully loaded, Andrea.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to the presenters.
Kent J. Thiry: All right. Thank you all very much for your consideration of our enterprise. And once again, we hope you and your families are and continue to be safe in the Northeast. Thank you. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - Vice President of Investor Relations Kent J. Thiry - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James K. Hilger - Interim Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller Matthew Mazdyasni - Chief Financial & Administrative Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Candace and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to DaVita's Q2 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Jim Gustafson, you may begin your call.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, Candace, and welcome everyone to our second quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations, and with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Jim Hilger, our interim CFO; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. I'd like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statements. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and annual report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included on our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Thank you, Jim, and welcome to everyone. Thank you for your interest in your company and our company. The second quarter was a rock solid one as probably you already know from looking at the release. We did perform well, clinically, operationally and strategically. And I'll cover a few topics here before we turn it over to Jim. As usual covering clinical outcomes, I'll provide an update on legal proceedings as well and then talk a little bit about our outlook. First, clinical outcomes. We always present those first because that is what comes first. We are first and foremost a caregiver company, serving now approximately 150,000 patients in the U.S. and some elsewhere, as you know. Rather than provide the normal clinical metrics, I'm going to take a little bit of a different path today and give you a sense of the dynamism and living our core value continuous improvement and just give you a sense of some data that I shared with about 3,000 of our leaders from across America just a few weeks ago. June was our best month ever in 3 categories: fistulas placed, fistulas in use and day 90 catheters. And looking at Q2 overall, it was the best quarter -- excuse me, the second best quarter ever -- excuse me, the second quarter was the best ever, I can't read my own handwriting, for Kt/V less than 1.2 and URR less than 65. So in addition to us still looking very good on the normal metrics we report, just wanted to give you a sense of how closely we monitor our continuous improvement for some of those categories we have had improvements every single quarter for over 2 years. And one of the great things about this is not only does it mean that our patients are experiencing the benefit of higher quality care and better outcomes, but also those improvements in those outstanding absolute and relative levels of clinical performance drive reductions and hospitalizations and surgical procedures and therefore, drive savings to the U.S. health care system, improving our value proposition each and every quarter. On to the second topic, which is not nearly as positive. Just a brief update on our recently announced legal settlement. We did, as most of you know, agree in principle to settle the Woodard case for $55 million plus attorney's fees and some other related expenses. This was an exceptionally frustrating situation because we do not believe, we nor the physicians prescribing EPO to patients in our clinics to this period, did anything wrong. Please remember, the government thoroughly investigated these allegations on their own and decided not to intervene. But the individual that had filed this suite still had the right to pursue their claims on their own. And the sad fact is that sometimes agreements like this are in your best interest and we respect that. Third category, our outlook. And here I'm going to take a few minutes to put a fair amount of color around it. Although there is nothing new in what I'm about to say, just important to refresh it every now and then. We are increasing our 2012 operating income guidance to a range of $1.275 billion to $1.325 billion, excluding that second quarter legal accrual. This guidance captures a majority of the probabilistic outcomes, of course, we could fall above or below. Maybe one doesn't fall above, but maybe might fall below and reach above. Looking out further however, let's restate some of the more significant business risks that you should worry about, because we do, as well as the strengths and upsides that we derive comfort from and you should too. On the risk side, I will cite 4: a, government reimbursement, no one needs any significant elaboration there; b, commercial patient reimbursement, because it does not only account for 100% of our profits but in fact more because the private patients unfortunately much more than Medicare in order to subsidize the losses we sustain on the 90% of our patients that are government reimbursed, not an optimal system for society but it's the one we live in. This commercial patient reimbursement remains an area of risk. As a reminder, we just want to say that we may be forced in some cases to turn away patients rather than accept new patients at unacceptable rates and there remains a lot of uncertainty around the impact of exchanges on our private patients as it does for lots of other health care service segments. Item 3 under risk factors, oral drugs will be added to the bundle in 2014 at a currently unknown number. And item #4 under the risk category, our new models of care such as ACOs, Accountable Care Organizations, that everybody's talking about and changing affiliation models for physicians like employment by hospitals, that also everyone is talking about. The bad news, is that when you have new dynamics like this, is that they may well create downside for us. The good news is that they may well create upside and only time will tell. Moving away from those 4 significant business risks, I'll cite 6 strengths and upsides that you can balance against those risks. Number one, excellent and continuously improving clinical care. That does significantly reduce shareholder risk separate from its consistency with our mission. Second, our steady volume growth. Third, the history of solid cash generation and deployment. Four, a strong national market position. Five, our capability to provide integrated kidney care, which significantly increases quality while decreasing cost and customers more and more open to that kind of improved value proposition and willing to do the administrative work to put it in place. And then finally, number 6, an extension of MSP, although we make no prediction about when that might happen. So moving away from outlook, maybe give me a 1 moment to cover HealthCare Partners, which we expect to close in the fourth quarter of this year, consistent with what we said before. As we discussed at our Capital Markets Day, integrated care is where we believe the health care book is heading. This is not exactly an insight anymore. It's where a lot of a people think the puck [ph] is heading too and remain very excited about the potential. As we had hoped, the announcement of our combination has precipitated significant additional interest from a bunch of organizations across America and we are working with our wonderful new teammates, the HealthCare Partners, leaders to respond to all that interest. And I will now turn the call over to Jim Hilger.
James K. Hilger: Thanks, Kent. During the quarter, we experienced strong operating income and cash flow driven by strong treatment growth. Our non-acquired growth was 4.7% when normalized for days of the week. Dialysis revenue per treatment was consistent with the prior quarter and our commercial mix was flat with the first quarter. Dialysis patient care cost per treatment was up about $1.50 from the prior quarter. This increase reflects higher compensation expense, higher travel expense due to our annual national leadership meeting and increased unit cost for Epogen. Please note that EPO utilization was flat with the prior quarter. And based on our conversations with physicians, we continue to expect utilization will be at slightly higher levels going forward. These increases were somewhat offset by lower accruals for self-insurance reserves in the quarter. Our second quarter dialysis G&A per treatment was down about $1.50 from the prior quarter. This decrease was primarily due to lower professional fee spending and a continued decrease in DSI integration costs as the DSI integration is almost complete. Note that in the second quarter, we had approximately $10 million in HealthCare Partners transaction related expenses. These expenses and the $6 million of transaction expenses that we incurred in the first quarter are now reflected in our corporate level charges and not in dialysis G&A. Despite the fact that we had some nonrecurring transaction costs in the quarter, we review -- we view our Q2 operating income to be a fairly representative run rate as we had some other operating items, including favorable insurance accrual true-ups previously mentioned in the quarter to offset these transaction related costs. On to international. Our international losses in the quarter were $12 million, reflecting higher legal and professional fee expense related to our development efforts. We now expect international losses to be in the mid-$30 millions for 2012. The main drivers for this change are the higher legal and professional fee expenses that I just mentioned, delays in closing certain transactions and our decisions to do -- to not do some deals due to their valuations. As an update on our international activities. We have recently entered Saudi Arabia, expanded the number of centers in India, and were awarded a second management contract in Singapore and also received a license to operate in Malaysia. In addition, we expect to be operating centers in China in the third quarter. All this underscores what we have said before. While international expansion is a long-term growth opportunity, it will require investment and continued losses in the near term. Now turning to cash flow. Operating cash flow was $202 million in the second quarter. We still anticipate full year 2012 operating cash flow will be in the range of $950 million to $1.05 billion. This range includes the expected payment in 2012 of the $78 million legal contingency that we recorded in the quarter. Now with respect to HCP. After HealthCare Partners' second quarter results are finalized, we will include them in our planned S-3 filing, which hopefully will be filed in the near future. HealthCare Partners continues to perform according to plan and its results are consistent with the 2012 and 2013 EBITDA outlook that we provided in June. First quarter results were strong and we do have an indication that EBITDA in the second quarter will be approximately $135 million. We repeat, this is on-plan and consistent with expectations. But as always, our outlook captures a majority of likely outcomes, but actual results could fall above or below this guidance. And in regards to the DaVita merger process with HCP, I'm happy to report that the transaction remains on plan. In fact, we're launching our bank financing this week and the bond financing, hopefully later this month or potentially in early September. Demand for this offering appears strong. In fact, we have already received commitments for 95% of our Term Loan A. And with that, operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess maybe just to step back to some of your comments on the G&A line. Was the $10 million that was included in G&A or that was not included in G&A? I'm sorry, that just wasn't clear.
James K. Hilger: Gary, that $10 million is reported in our G&A line in our financial statements. But in the supplemental data, in our press release, what you'll see is the $10 million is now reported in our corporate level charges and not in dialysis G&A and that's for purposes of segment reporting.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then what was the amount of the med mal true-up?
Kent J. Thiry: We're not breaking out the different insurance trips. It was in a couple of different categories, Gary. But in aggregate, it offset a bunch of the transaction expenses.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess big picture since you announced the HCP acquisition, obviously the Supreme Court ruled in favor of healthcare reforms. I guess can you talk about the HCP acquisition in that context and do you feel better or worse or any different about the acquisition post that decision?
Kent J. Thiry: I think the most important response is that it wasn't a big deal either way. There were some upsides and downsides in each direction. And we think independent of the specifics of that decision, that the trend is clear. The demand is clear, the need is clear. Having said all that, reforms staying in place probably means that ACOs and some other organizations that we think reinforce the need for what HealthCare Partners does differentially well, probably accelerates those. And so is a net incremental positive. On the other hand, if it had been repealed, there were some immediate P&L pickups that would've been kind of nice, but not strategically essential. So I think it's a slight positive. We've got, Matthew, the CFO of HealthCare Partners, here. Matthew, I don't know if you want to add anything to that?
Matthew Mazdyasni: That was perfect. That's the way we look at it based on that decisions.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Two things. I wanted to just talk a little bit about international. I understand you've increased your losses. Can you just share with us the revenue and loss contribution from international in the second quarter? And I guess just maybe some forward-looking comments on the number of clinics that are in the works here for the back half of the year just so we can put the international losses into more perspective.
Kent J. Thiry: Well let me talk about the number of centers and then Jim will respond to what you asked about the revenues and expenses, to the extent we're prepared to do that. I think the number of centers we had approximately in Q1 was about 15. Now it's about 19. And there's some more in the pipeline. But with deals, particularly international deals, when you're learning, like we are, you can never be too sure if and when they're going to close. And so there's more variability than we're used to in the domestic side of the business. So on the center level and patient level, the growth is chugging along with some fits and starts. Is that responsive for you on the center and patient volume side?
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. No, I think so. I mean, I guess you've given us a flavor for some new countries that you'll be in. So I think that's good. Maybe just some numbers on international and then I just had a question on HCP if I could?
Kent J. Thiry: Okay, we will come back to HCP.
James K. Hilger: Darren, the -- on international, still very early days as we've just getting under -- our feet underneath those. But our revenue in the second quarter was approximately $4 million. And we had a heavy professional fee expense that really the transaction that we're working on, that resulted in the approximately $12 million in losses in the quarter.
Kent J. Thiry: And maybe, Gary, before we go to your HCP question. If I read into your questions about international, a broader, higher-level question, which is are we happy with the level of P&L expense versus the current reality and trajectory of revenue and operating contribution from centers. The answer to that question is no. On to HCP.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: All right. Fair enough. So HCP, I guess the question, thanks for giving us the EBITDA numbers, which look pretty much in a band with what we saw from Q1. But I guess the question here, is this somewhat volatile reporting season for managed care? And we did hear a little bit about some volatility in the MA books of the some of the other companies in the managed care space. So I guess just maybe a broad comment or 2, if you would, on HCP's performance in the context of what you saw relative to how you priced PMPMs. Matt, I know you're in the room, so any sort of broad brush commentary you can say about the performance of HCP and what looks to be a little bit more of a difficult operating environment for your managed care partners there.
Kent J. Thiry: Let me take a cut at answering and then Matthew will correct any mistakes. That some of the trends being discussed by others are a result of their PPO books of business. And our book of business is dominantly on the HMO side, which has very low out-of-pocket expenses, et cetera. And therefore, utilization tends not to be as affected either way. Meaning, it didn't go down in the last few years because of recessionary effects or any of the other effects that are often cited, nor would it therefore go back up to much more steady state because the economics of our base of business just don't change in the way that the books of business that are being commented on by others change. Having said that, I will now turn to the person who taught me all that, Matthew.
Matthew Mazdyasni: Thank you, Kent. I think that's accurate. And the way we look at this is in the managed care, even the very small co-pay and coinsurances that these patients have and some of the health plans, as you know, have changed their benefit. That even hasn't changed any utilization and we tracked that. Especially for the Medicare Advantage population because the Medicare Advantage population normally have very, very small co-pay and coinsurance. And they're really -- the physician is in control of the utilization. So we have not experienced any trend like what these health plans have been reporting. Our exposure to -- we don't have any PPO that's capitated for us or we take any risk, whatsoever, on that book of business. Those are all based on fee-for-service.
Kent J. Thiry: I'll make one other point, Gary, because it's so important and we made in our Capital Markets Day but this kind of underlines it, which is one of the reasons that we chose HealthCare Partners is because how strong their clinical emphasis is. And they proactively pursue trying to identify what chronic conditions patients have and then proactively try to get them more time with the doctor. And that's all because keeping people healthy is the most powerful long-term economic driver. But this is yet another reason why some of these microeconomic or microbehavioral factors that other plans or delivery models refer to, don't affect us because what our doctors think is right for the patients and our care manager thinks is right for the patients is totally unaffected by anybody's deductible or co-pay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Andrew with William Blair.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I was wondering, Kent, if you might give us some insights into some of the potential partners that have approached you after the HCP deal, whether it relates to size or geography and if there's things there that are of -- whether near-term or maybe 2013 -- interest?
Kent J. Thiry: I think I can't give a useful answer because we've been contacted by organizations from all geographies and all sizes, contacted by both payers and delivery organizations, both hospital-oriented and physician-led. So it's pretty much runs the whole gamut along all the categories you cited. Which ones of those will turn into partnerships and done deals and new business, of course, time will tell. But it's been very encouraging nonetheless.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Kent, do you view that as more sort of partnerships as opposed to acquisition opportunities or also again, same answer?
Kent J. Thiry: Same answer. It's just so early on. It's certainly, some of both and we're certainly open to both. But, boy, it's way too early in the game to start getting more specific.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And one other question, if I may. I know in the past, you'd invested aggressively in IT infrastructure in an attempt to build out your capabilities on the accountable care side. Have you been able to get a better understanding of how HCP may allow you to taper some of that or are you still learning how those 2 systems will dovetail and what you may need because we didn't see a real change there in trajectory on those investments it appears this quarter?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. Fair. Very fair observation. The short answer is no. We do not expect the combination of the 2 companies is going to lead to any change in IT spending in either company. There's too many differences and both of them are so busy adding to their capabilities for their different businesses that it would not make economic nor strategic sense to divert talent to try to pick up minor synergies. So you're not going to see any relief in the IT math on either side.
Operator: And your next question comes from Matt Weight with Feltl and Company.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Kent, last quarter, EPO utilization was flat. It was flat again here in the second quarter. It sounds like you're still expecting it to be slightly up. Is this continuing just to be from what physicians are saying or is there some hard evidence this is occurring?
Kent J. Thiry: I know it's what physicians are saying. I do not know of any actual trend but there could be one because it's not something that I'm necessarily conversant on over the last 4 to 8 weeks, particularly given the general consensus from what a lot of docs are saying, which tends to typically end up being true. We, with our physician community, have been experimenting and exploring and comparing different anemia management protocols and since that work continues even as we speak, it's kind of hard to get any more definitive. But the answer to your question is, it's from my point of view, totally based on what doctors are saying, perhaps just someone else in the room that as the call proceeds, will be able to answer more specifically with respect to any hard data trends.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Fair enough. And then just the only other question here with the Woodward settlement there. Is there any potential to see some reduced G&A spend with presumably lower legal compliance?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, certainly. The spending on that lawsuit will go way, way down and away very, very quickly and so that's a definite pickup and a nontrivial pickup. Whether or not anything else is going to ramp up and keep us at the prior level, I actually don't know for sure because each of the different major legal issues tends to ebb and flow. And so, I can definitely assert there will be a pickup in nice savings. I just don't know if anything else is going to pop up to offset it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck from the Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I appreciated the numbers on HealthCare Partners for the EBITDA this quarter. Do you have the number for the previous year quarter? I don't think that was disclosed in the proxy?
James K. Hilger: We have not disclosed the Q2 2011 numbers yet nor have we disclosed other than giving you an indication of how Q2 2012 was going to result. We will have that in our S-3 filing, but that is still being prepared and those numbers are still being finalized.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess, Kent, in your comments, you made some comments about integrated kidney care and how that more payers are open to that type of structure. I guess that it would include commercial payers. Are you seeing -- or do you actually have more kind of larger bundled type contracts with commercial right now, is that something that's going on, or is it in discussion stages?
Kent J. Thiry: Nothing significant has happened. And I would assert that you shouldn't presume that anything material will happen on the commercial side within your investment timeframe. So it's really good for hopefully reinforcing the fact that we're differentially effective in managing total cost. And hopefully, that will buy us some incremental patient volume and security on our current rates with the right annual inflation increases. So I think most of the economic value tied to that conversation is going to be embedded in those 2 things as opposed to expecting any big, commercial, globally capitated contract anytime in your investment time frame.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then it sounds like you're experiencing [ph] A little bit more losses in the International business now, but you obviously raised the guidance. What were the drivers to the guidance range?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I don't have a good concise answer for that one. Why don't you let us play with it a little bit while we answer the questions and see if we can be useful and organized. It was pretty broad based, which is why we didn't cite any 1 or 2 drivers. But let us reflect a little bit as we move through the call.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then last question, capital deployment. Obviously, you have some pretty big capital deployment by year-end. Should we just assume that cash kind of builds up on the balance sheet after you do some of the smaller U.S. and international deals that you kind of always do? Or is there room to do things like share repurchase, et cetera, between now and year end or is just cash building up for that the most logical use?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. A very fair question. I think we just can't answer anything other than the normal generic way we have for 10 years, that we take deployment -- the generation and deployment of cash as your sacred trust in us. And every quarter, we look a lot at how much leverage is appropriate given the near-term outlook and debt rates, whether or not this is the right time to repurchase stock. Are we likely to do a bunch of acquisitions? How much cushion should we have? And so, I just don't think that it's a good idea for us to start predicting what's going to happen with our cash balance over the next x months. Because the fact is, whatever prediction we have today could change tomorrow because of all those other factors and our desire and long-standing inclination to be nimble and responsive. So I don't mean to avoid the question. But I think we just better stay away from it because it's so darn situational.
Operator: And your next question comes from Gary Taylor of Citigroup.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Two quick ones on dialysis, first. Other revenue was up $20 million sequentially. Were acquisitions a part of that or what else was driving that sequential revenue growth?
James K. Hilger: It's principally DaVita Rx.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So that's a big sequential jump, was there a new contract or something that...
James K. Hilger: DaVita Rx just continues to expand at a pretty steady rate. We're very pleased with our performance.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Understandably. And then the other dialysis question is really since, I guess, the bundled payment rules got finalized, you've really had some much higher acquisition activity that just continued last quarter, this quarter, another 33 centers. Is your outlook that you can continue that really substantial pace through the rest of this year. And is the primary driver still just the change of payment model and small guys getting out?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, first, what we expect for the balance of this year is incorporated into our adjusted guidance with all the normal caveats around it. Second, it is so difficult to predict when more people are going to want to sell and with what intensity are they going to want to sell it, at what prices are they going to be willing to sell. So I don't know that we've demonstrated a lot of confidence in predicting that over the last few years. It is certainly the case, however, that what you said is true. That lots of the smaller players with everything that's going on in the country and everything that's going on with government spending and everything that's going on with health care, that you have more of the small players who are saying this is a reasonable time to exit and/or find a stable and value-added partner. So I think there's going to continue to be deals, but whether or not it's going to continue at the pace that we've enjoyed for the last 1.5 years or so, we just don't know.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. Last question is on HCP and maybe I'll direct this towards Matt. We're just trying to understand the risk contracts a little better, particularly the California contracts that you've disclosed in the filings, where Europe bookings shared savings but not really booking the gross per member per month revenue. And so I kind of have 2 questions around that. One, do you have the same risk in those contracts as you do on the capitated contracts? So if total medical expense exceeds the per member per month, do you take losses on those contracts? Or are you broadly capped? And secondly, there's about $800 million of managed revenue under various shared saving type contracts that is not being booked as revenue. I guess how much of your booked revenue represents shared savings earnings from that $800 million of managed revenue?
Kent J. Thiry: Just give us 1 second here to confirm before we respond. Hold on 1 second.
Matthew Mazdyasni: Gary, those are fair questions so in California, because we don't have what's called a [indiscernible] license, we are not capitated by the health plan for what's referred to as institutional risk. So those risks are being capped by the HMOs. And then, we have various risk share arrangement with them that those are confidential information at what risk we have. As far as the number you quoted for the managing the institutional, that number is what we are still managing that care. However, what you're recognizing in our financial statement for California is the net results.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And is that a figure as it impacts your revenue line that you'll ever disclose for us? I guess we're -- obviously, we're just trying to be in a position to model that better.
Kent J. Thiry: We're still sorting out what's going to be the right way for us to report so that you guys get all the information you need to make your decisions. And at the same time, we don't sacrifice any competitive advantage or limit our ability to add future value for you in how we contract. So we're still sorting that out and, of course, the deal is not even closed yet, even though we're working very closely together in driving towards the future together. So I think on that one, you just have to wait a few more months.
Operator: And your next question comes from John Ransom with Raymond James.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just following up on Gary's line of questioning. Generally speaking, how direct or not is the relationship between the gross rates received by, say, a Medicare Advantage payor and the rate that HealthCare Partners gets, either in a traditional model or what you're doing in California and other places?
Kent J. Thiry: All of our Medicare Advantage contracts are as a percentage of what CMS pay the health plans. So I would say it has a very direct relationship or correlation with that.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And generally speaking, in years past, let's say, when pricing was not so good, what did -- what's the -- because you guys look like you just performed right through all cycles. But what steps are -- what levers are there if -- let's look at 2013 with sequestration or 2014 with MLR regs and what have you. What -- generally what levers are there for you? Because you're already operating at a very high level with your cost performance. What additional levers are there on the margin side to manage through a negative pricing cycle?
Matthew Mazdyasni: As far as our activities, I mean, every single day, we have ideas by our providers and physicians and care management and clinical people how we can do this with a higher quality service and reduced cost. So we still are very bullish at our ability to reduce cost for Medicare Advantage patients. So from that point of view, I think we feel and I think we have Incorporated that in our projections, that fee for service equivalence reduction on the Medicare, we still -- the results are we continue doing very well on Medicare Advantage.
Kent J. Thiry: And what I'll add to that is, you are pointing towards some of the sort of structural and programmatic risk on the revenue side. Parts of our cost structure are directly contractually linked to CMS reimbursements. So the cost structure adopts proportionate to the revenue structure for a subset of the business. In addition, when Medicare revenue economics are bad, that tends to affect the entire health care arena, hospitals, nurse and other caregiver and physician compensation expectations, et cetera. So there is a less direct, meaning, not contractual linkage between revenue and cost structure. But nonetheless, a very real one. None of this, in what Matthew said and what I'm adding, means that we're totally buffered. We don't mean to suggest that. Rather, there are some significant offsets and those are 3 of the categories in which you find them.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Sure. And that is a great help. Just a couple of little additional things. In your mind, generally speaking, if you looked at the 100 largest markets in the U.S., are there structural -- because 1 of the critiques we hear is well, they've done great in laboratory perfect conditions with high Medicare rates and physicians willing to play ball. But as you look across the U.S. you think about exporting this model, you think about your M&A. Do you find any huge structural barriers? Is it going to work in 25% of the markets, 50% of the markets, 10%? How do you think about the opportunity to export the model beyond the states that you're in?
Matthew Mazdyasni: Well, that's a fair question, John. So I'm going to answer it from 2-point of view. One is that Medicare Advantage and managed care in your traditional HMO. We still feel that there is tremendous opportunity there and also the population health. We also are trying with this Accountable Care Organization, which is basically incorporating the population health and all the things that we do with evidence-based medicine in a fee-for-service environment. That's both Medicare and the commercial. So we look at the opportunities are endless out there, both in the markets that they are not producing the kind of quality service and cost that we're producing on HMO and the markets that they this fragmented fee-for-service and there is no metric on equality and service. So we see the potential is incredibly rich out there for what we do.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And is the -- I think you mentioned this before, but please remind me. I guess in our simplistic mind, the 85% MLR mandate should increase the demand for what you do because you're able to solve a problem with your customer, your upstream customer? Is that a good way to think about it, or is that -- are we missing something?
Matthew Mazdyasni: I think I'd look at it a little bit differently. I'd look at it that we're at this position, that anything that health plans pays us is calculated towards their MLR. We are not under any MLR rules or restriction. Therefore, the opportunity is to give us even more opportunity to take the entire risk. And for that, the HMOs can include that in part of their MLR.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. So I think the -- what Matthew is saying is, your assessment is correct and he's talking about some of the reasoning why it is. At the same time, we don't think it's any reason to start dramatically changing forecasts of anything. The world is too complicated for that. But directionally, your hypothesis is correct and then he's talking about the next level of detail as to how they think about it.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And you guys mentioned before that I think maybe some of us made the mistake of thinking you're like this captive Kaiser model and all the doctors are employed. And you mentioned that a lot of the doctors are essentially just contract. Have you -- did I miss this, have you provided a breakout of employed versus contracted doctors? And is that something that you have a preference for one way or the other?
Kent J. Thiry: We actually love both. The fact is it's wonderful to have a foundation of employed doctors because that means the level of operating integration and mission alignment and all the rest is just so, so tight. At the same time, in order to have a superior value proposition to the patients and to the payors, having network physicians around and in between employed leads to just a higher value products. So we're always going to have both because it works best. In addition, in many instances, the affiliated docs who end up subsequently becoming employed docs once they have gotten comfortable and familiar with the mission alignment and the basic operating competence and economic fairness. So that would be my response. Matthew?
Matthew Mazdyasni: Yes. And I would add to that the difference is Kaiser employed all of their physicians. We appeal to both group of physician. The physicians who want to be employed and the physician who wants to stay independent and just contract with us for all of the services that we bring to them, the hospital list, the after-hours care, all kind of things that we do. So we are comfortable, as Kent said, with both group, and we don't mind growing in each segment from that point of view.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo with Robert W. Baird.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I don't think I heard a direct comment on this, maybe you gave it. But can you elaborate more on the second quarter EBITDA number with HCP, just the 135, when I square that with the 150 it's obviously lower on a sequential basis. So anyway to put that number in context for us? We obviously don't have the benefit of seeing some of the details behind that.
James K. Hilger: Well, we're not prepared to go into a detailed breakdown on the differences between the quarters. But suffice to say, that we did view Q1 as a strong quarter, but within plan. And our full year of guidance remains unchanged. Q2 is in line with what we had expected. And again, our guidance for the year remains unchanged.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And you mentioned that you plan on launching the financing pretty soon, maybe this is public and I've missed it. But any details with how you're thinking about the structure of the debt financing between bank debt and bonds at this point?
James K. Hilger: Yes. We hope to raise approximately $3 billion in bank debt. And some of that in Term Loan A and some Term Loan B. And then in addition to that, we expect to raise roughly $1 billion in notes. And the term -- the split between the Term Loan A and Term Loan B will be somewhat dependent upon demand. But we are currently expecting a little more Term Loan A than B.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And it's probably a little too premature to ask sort of what the indications of interest are in terms of rates.
James K. Hilger: Well, in our S-4 filing, which I point you to, we had to use pro forma rate of 5.24%, including swap rates for the overall debt that we'd be raising from the new debt.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That's helpful. And maybe one last question here, maybe fair, unfair, not sure how you want to look at it. But not to undermine or belittle Jim's contribution. But, Kent, maybe, can you talk a little bit about where you are in the search for a full-time CFO and what the timetable looks like to bring someone onboard? I'm sure there are a lot of kind of variables at play there.
Kent J. Thiry: No. I appreciate the straightforwardness of the question. And the fact is we've just started the search. And actually, let me go back and you may want to ask a follow-up question, but I want to go back to a question that was asked maybe 15 minutes ago and try to be a little more helpful. As you look at our cash and our balance sheet, perhaps the way to shed some more light on where that question was going, is post deal close, our leverage ratio will be 3.7, that is slightly outside our historical range of 3 to 3.5. But of course we've always said there will be times when we're below and times when we're above. That is a fairly small amount above and even if we do quite a few acquisitions, we will delever to be beneath it relatively quickly. This means our ability to have the full spectrum of options with respect to cash deployment, which means acquisitions versus debt paydown, versus share buyback, will continue to exist throughout this entire period because in the right situation, we're not averse to being above 3.7. However, we love the fact that absent any significant opportunities for cash -- deploying cash elsewhere, we'll delever beneath that quite quickly. Now back to the CFO question. Did I -- I think I answered the one you asked, is there anything else you wanted to know?
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Well, you said that the process has really just begun and I was kind of curious if there is -- the board if you had a conversation with the board in terms of timetables with which you'd like to bring someone onboard?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes.
Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Any way to elaborate any further on that?
Kent J. Thiry: No, I don't mean to be cute. Yes, the board and I have had lots of conversations. And yes we've talked about different timetables. And no, I don't think it's a good idea to share it. It's so unpredictable to figure out when you're going to make decisions in an important search process. And so I just don't think there's any particular upside in doing that and a lot of downside.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Ellich with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. Kent, I was wondering if on the dialysis side, have you seen any integrated care pilot programs with any of the commercial payors?
Kent J. Thiry: Can you ask the question again I missed the first part. My bad.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Are there any integrated care pilots that you guys are participating in with the managed-care payors?
Kent J. Thiry: On the commercial side?
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Yes.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, yes, is the short answer, and have been for some time doing some work with some commercial payors on integrated care. It's not globally capitated, but a number of different arrangements where we do stuff beyond dialysis to manage the patient in a more holistic way and one way or another we get compensated for it.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: So that's been going on for some time. Can you say about how long these pilots have been going on?
Kent J. Thiry: I wouldn't call them pilots because they're just basic contractual arrangements with a small number of commercial payors. And it's been years. The good news is it's been years and we've generated good results for those payors. The bad news is it's never really caught on and grown to be material enough to talk about to you. But we appreciate the question.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. Got it. Now your big competitor mentioned it today on their call and I thought there might have been some new pilot that rolled out but I guess not. And then, I know someone else asked the question about the integrated care RFP from Medicare. Do you have any idea on the timing? And what about the size, have you caught wind of anything new out of Washington?
Kent J. Thiry: Short answer is no. It's still very little guidance on what the specs will be and that's, of course, just discussing the first draft and then what emerges subsequent to a comment period or all the interaction even more difficult to predict.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then, what about the home therapies? It sounds like -- can you give us any update on how home dialysis is trending for you, specifically PD versus home hemo?
Kent J. Thiry: Both PD and the home hemo are growing and we will repeat what we've said for quite some time, which is that there are folks who have a vested interest in pushing one or the other of those modalities and talk about glorious clinical and economic results from increased utilization and forecast amazing growth. And then there are others who have a vested interest in other modalities and are very critical of what those outcomes are and issues of self-selection and are quite skeptical of any differential economic or clinical performance across the broad patient population. We are totally impartial. We do more of them than anyone in America and we are still learning a lot every quarter about what subsegments of the patient population benefit. And if there is a clinical benefit for the patient, at what cost to society does that benefit come, is it higher, lower or the same? So they are both growing and we remain incredibly curious and eager to keep generating clinical insights and economic insights every year. Did I answer the question?
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Yes, yes. That's helpful. And just one last one on HCP. We understand that HealthCare Partners is a standalone business versus the dialysis business. But is there anything within HCP's integrated care model that you can take out and maybe apply to the dialysis business, especially when we've seen an expanded bundle or integrated care program rolled out from Medicare?
Kent J. Thiry: We are going to have a very intense session very soon comparing what we do in integrated care with kidney care patients to what they do because they have over 1,000 of those types of patients in their delivery model already. So there'll be some very rigorous idea sharing there at a superficial level, we do a lot of the same things, which is no surprise. But there could be some nice learning at the second or third level. Beyond that, there is nothing obvious that jumps out and would be economically material. But who knows as we go through the next year or 2 of what learnings might flow in each direction as we work in different ways with the same payers, some of the same doctors, some of the same integrated delivery systems. So we are sure there's going to be some more real insight sharing back and forth. We're just not sure when and in what area.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Matt Weight with Feltl and Company.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Just one follow-up question on HCP for Matt here and it's more of a process question. Matt, when new members come on during the annual enrollment period, Medicare Advantage fully capitated, how long does it typically take you to cycle through these members so you can understand their health status, get the risk code accurate, send it on CMS so you can ultimately get a higher risk score or higher reimbursement for those members?
Matthew Mazdyasni: That's a fair question. So what we try to do in the first 30 days that the member has signed up, we want that member to come to our physicians, whether those are employee physicians or contracted physician, and have a full physical on -- at the same time, while we are asking for the medical record from the previous providers for those new patients to be transferred. So usually, is much shorter than 30 days. But our goal is within the first 30 days, have that patient has a very comprehensive physical exam done.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: So would you say that after the first year, those new members are running profitability rates similar to what you would, say, existing members are?
Matthew Mazdyasni: I think it's hard to predict. Every market, every population is different. So I wouldn't say it might -- some patients, it might take us day 1, some patient it takes us a little but longer. What we care about is what I refer to as if they are deferred care that we need to provide and sometimes, recovering, if you will, for those deferred care might take 3 months, or 6 months, or 1 year. But the key is to find out all the issues with the patient and have a treatment plan and refer them to the right specialist or right treatment plan and caregiver and care education.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. I was just surprised because I was under the assumption that CMS only updates risk scores twice a year. So if somebody came on in January. I would've expected that maybe it would be difficult to get an updated risk score that quickly in March.
Matthew Mazdyasni: You are absolutely right as far as the risk score for the purpose of paying us, but we like to capture all the -- because risk score is a proxy for all the conditions, chronic conditions, that the patient have. That is the most important thing for us, which is capturing those chronic conditions so we can develop a treatment plan for these patients.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back to our presenter for closing remarks.
Kent J. Thiry: All right. Thank you very much for your interest in DaVita HealthCare Partners. We will work hard for you over the next 90 days and look forward to talking to you again then. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-02 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - Vice President of Investor Relations Kent J. Thiry - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James K. Hilger - Interim Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Group Vice President
Analysts: Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Charles Ruff Martin Brunninger - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lorelle, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Q1 2012 Investors Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Jim Gustafson, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, Lorelle, and welcome, everyone, to our First Quarter Conference Call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations, and with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Jim Hilger, our interim CFO; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. I'd like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statements. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry: Thanks, Jim. Before I get going, I'd just point out I may be a bit more brief than usual. I'm under the weather, so that may be good news for some. The first quarter was solid. It was solid clinically, it was solid operationally, it was solid financially. I'll cover 2 topics: clinical outcomes and our outlook, both specifically and more broadly. On the clinical side, we will continue to present our clinical outcomes first because that is what comes first. We are a caregiver company now serving approximately 145,000 human beings each week. First, with respect to adequacy, which as many of you know is essentially how well we are doing at removing toxins from our patients' blood, this past quarter 97% of our hemodialysis patients had a Kt/V greater than 1.2. Second, with respect to vascular access, 69% of our patients have fistulas, the preferred form of vascular access. Third, with respect to phosphorus, 80% of our patients had phosphorus levels less than or equal to 5.5 milligrams per deciliter. For these and virtually all other clinical measures, our patient outcomes compare very favorably to national averages. This quality clinical care not only results in healthier patients, but also drives reductions in hospitalizations and surgical procedures, and therefore significant savings to the U.S. health care system.  Next, our outlook. As many of you have heard, we're increasing our operating income guidance to a range of $1.23 billion at the bottom end to $1.31 billion at the top. And this range captures a majority of the probabilistic outcomes based on the swing factors that you're relatively familiar with, and which you may ask questions about later in the call. We periodically, but regularly, get asked, "Gee, your industry is awfully consolidated. What does that imply for growth in the core business?" The fact is, there's a reassuring answer, even if one makes the entirely rational assumption that there can't be any more medium acquisitions by us or Fresenius because of the consolidation. So that's a very a fair starting point. You still should consider the following: a, basic demand, meaning increase in the number of treatments each year because of the increase in patients, 3.5% to 4%; de novos and other same-store growth, an additional 0.5% to 1.5%; acquisitions, an additional 1 or 2 points above that; and then financial leverage, which could come in the form of taking on additional debt and/or buying back stock. Put all that together and you end up in the 6% to 9.5% range of EPS growth without assuming any operating leverage, which we think, over time, is likely to happen and particularly will happen at the point that we become pessimistic about other sources of growth. At this point, we've been feeling quite good and achieving quite a bit of growth in other spheres. And so it's been more appropriate to not achieve significant operating leverage in the fixed cost line, because we've been able to invest in superior alternative sources of growth. We hope that continues, whether it be internationally, through integrated care, with the potential to do other U.S. health care verticals.  Thank you. I'll now turn the call over to our interim CFO, Jim Hilger, who, as most of you know, has been with us as Controller and Chief Accounting Officer for almost a decade.
James K. Hilger: Thanks, Kent. We experienced strong operating income and cash flow in the quarter. These were driven by strong treatment growth and improved revenue per treatment.  Here are some specifics on the quarter. Non-acquired growth was 5.3% when normalized for days of the week. The quarter did benefit slightly from milder-than-normal weather. Revenue per treatment was up about $4. The primary driver was the 2.1% annual market basket increase for Medicare rates. Our commercial mix was down slightly from the fourth quarter but has been flat for 4 consecutive months. Dialysis patient care cost per treatment was up about $3.50 from the prior quarter. This was due to increased compensation expense, including seasonally higher payroll taxes and increased unit cost for Epogen due to lower rebates in our new contract with Amgen. Note that our EPO utilization was flat with the prior quarter, and based on conversations with physicians, we expect utilization to be at slightly higher levels going forward. Our dialysis G&A per treatment was up about $2 from the prior quarter. This was primarily due to professional fees, including legal and compliance spending, IT projects and spending on long-term growth initiatives. International losses were $7 million in the quarter, flat when compared to the prior quarter, and losses in our other strategic initiatives were $11 million, which was $6 million more than the prior quarter. The main drivers for this increase were the timing of research projects at DaVita clinical research, increased investment in our direct primary care business and seasonally lower DaVita Rx profits.  Looking ahead to the second quarter, it's likely that operating income will be flat to down sequentially. In particular, we anticipate pressure on dialysis patient care costs in a number of items, including increased pharma expense, increased wage and benefit costs and increased travel costs due to our annual leadership meeting.  Now turning to cash flow. Our operating cash flow was $332 million in the first quarter. We expect second quarter operating cash flow will be lower due to the timing of cash taxes and our semiannual bond interest payments. We still anticipate full year 2012 operating cash flow will be in the range of $950 million to $1.05 billion. And finally, I want to point out that in order to comply with new accounting rules, in the first quarter, we made a change to our presentation for bad debts relating to patient service revenues. Previously, we had reserved 3% of dialysis revenues for uncollectible accounts as an operating expense. We now are reflecting the 3% provision for bad debt as an offset in revenue. We have recast our prior quarters to reflect this new accounting presentation, and this change has no impact on our reported operating income. With that, operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Ben Andrew with William Blair.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I wanted to start by talking about integrated care briefly. There was a recent National Renal Administrators Association meeting where we had the chance to talk to some of the people from Medicare, and it sounds like they remain firmly committed to moving forward with the program. Has there been any progress in your perspective, Kent, with regards to the timing of the project or the potential scale?
Kent J. Thiry: Those are still, unfortunately, big question marks. And if we were to throw out an answer, it would count more as speculation and guessing, which is just not really, I think, that useful for you. LeAnne, would you like to amend those words?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: No, Kent.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And thinking through sort of the growth dynamics in the quarter, it sounds like most of the pieces were basically right on track with your targets. If you think about some of the moving pieces over the course of the year, where do you see perhaps making some larger investments, Kent? Would it be international? Is that a primary target? Or domestic clinics? Or is it sort of all of the above and to be seen and stay tuned?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. Unfortunately, I think, in terms of a satisfactory answer, it's more the latter. We continue to look at other segments of American health care where we think we can be on the right side of reform and driving some superior value propositions to patients and the taxpayer. But you never know when you're going to find something that strikes your capitalistic fancy in those areas, as well as fitting other strategic criteria. Internationally, we're going to continue to grow, but it's not going to move the dial for you guys for quite some time, although we're excited. So I think it's same old same old until we find the right thing to move aggressively on, and who knows when that might come. I would go back for one second because on the ICM question, the integrated care question you asked a moment ago, despite the fact that we, unfortunately, have no basis for predicting, I just want to reiterate how bullish we are on the striking value proposition we think we can bring to patients and families on the quality side and to society on the reduced cost side. So we are exceptionally bullish about that in the long term. We just don't know when the starting point is.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And I guess 2 quick follow-ups on that, Kent. Any idea when we might see more data from the demos? And then a quick question for Jim, you talked about commercial mix being down after 4 flat quarters. Can you give us a little bit more detail there?
Kent J. Thiry: On the data on the demos, let's take that under consideration and see whether or not we should talk some more in the future about that. We've typically been relatively sparse in our comments. And given we are collaborating with CMS, there are some restrictions on what we can share because the data is not just ours, and often they would prefer to keep certain things quiet. In addition, we continue to get better every single quarter so we always kind of want to wait another quarter or 2. But let us think about whether or not we should do more in the next call. That's a fair point. I'll turn it over to Jim.
James K. Hilger: Ben, your question on our commercial mix. So where that -- our commercial mix was down quarter-on-quarter. But the last 4 months, our commercial mix has been flat.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matt Borsch with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Could you just tell me about the -- your outlook on Medicare reimbursement as we go into next year? What type of calibration do you think we might expect beyond, obviously, the budget sequestration that's already on the horizon?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, let me turn that over to LeAnne, who's in a different location. So excuse any awkward telephonic hand-offs. And then she may want to turn it back to somebody here, but LeAnne is the best place to start.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Sure. 2 additional points beyond sequestration. One, we are, as you know, now scheduled to have an annual inflation adjustment to the bundled payment rate. And so we would continue to expect that to be probably in the 1.5% to 2% range, depending on the input factors. And then number 2, I think there is concern about the deficit coming up in that many domestic programs, including health care, could be at risk. So no prediction there but certainly something that we're working on and should be cautious about.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And just a point that you guys have made in the past, which is that there are significant components of the industry, the dialysis operators who, at the reimbursement today, operate at pretty thin margins, implying there could be the risk of centers closing if reimbursement were squeezed. Is that -- can you give us any granularity on that? And is -- any information about how that may have changed over the last year or 2?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes. The best source of information is really -- or what people in D.C. look at, is really how MedPAC analyzes margins of the various health care sectors. And you would see from their latest report that dialysis is operating at about a 2% margin, and that's before sequestration, compared to many of the other sectors who have higher margins. So I would direct you that, that's the best place for you to look for information that members of Congress might be looking at.
Kent J. Thiry: I would amend that answer in a couple of ways. First, there are a lot of centers that operate in a relatively precarious way because of the overall economics. And members of Congress and CMS are sensitive to that. And so even if you look at their number, the 2%, and assume any kind of normal distribution of outcomes, that substantiates that assertion. Second, their 2% margin is an incorrect calculation. Parts of it, we think, they actually know are incorrect. They don't want to come out and admit that we actually, all of us, lose money on average in Medicare across the country, as you look over time. And we now carry a whole lot of centers where we lose money that are non de novos, which is part of being a good citizen, given we have healthy margins in other centers. And so what we've referred to is somewhat of a reimbursement safety net, as long as we can operate more efficiently than small mom-and-pops, as in fact still exist. It's just difficult to quantify.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And can you point to what the main source of variation is between the MedPAC number and the way you think that should be calculated more accurately?
Kent J. Thiry: There's a whole bunch of differences. It really cuts across significant parts of the cost structure. But I'll just give one example. They put an arbitrary cap in the percentage of Medical Director compensation that applies to their calculation, which makes no sense given 90% of the patients and more than 90% of the Medical Director's work is tied to Medicare and Medicaid patients.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Quick clarification question first. I just wanted to clarify that the normalized non-acquired treatment growth is adjusted for leap year as well. Is that correct?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, our NAG is not calculated based on the number of days in the quarter. It's on a per day basis within the quarter. So essentially, yes, that is taken into account.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, good. I just wanted to make sure. Okay, and then you said that you didn't see EPO rise in Q1 but you think there's going to be increasing going forward slightly. Why wouldn't that have increased in Q1 if it is going to be going up through the year?
Kent J. Thiry: I guess what it shows is that all we can do is listen to the consensus statements of our physician community. And sometimes they end up being wrong in predicting their own behavior, probably because, in many instances, they're answering our questions based on their prediction of what's going to be happening in their patient population over the subsequent couple of months based on what they did the last couple of weeks. So if they're wrong in predicting exactly what the trends are in their near-term hemoglobin and hematocrit outcomes, then they may very well be wrong in telling us what they expect to see in changed dosages. So that's the most rational hypothesis for why we would've been a little off before, but nonetheless coming back with a similar prediction.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, that makes sense. And then I know that nothing's really been finalized yet. But at this point, how do you think the integrated care demo is going to work? I guess the original ones that you guys did a few years ago were more like a capitative product. But is this going to be similar to a capitative product? Or do you think it'll be more similar to the ACO regs, where your patients still have like a fee-for-service open network type access to other providers?
Kent J. Thiry: What I would say, and LeAnne would probably have more fact-based insight, that are -- my hope is that we're far along the spectrum towards global capitation, because that provides us with the greatest degree of operating flexibility and strategic flexibility and we can really make some magic happen. If, however, they opt for the more incremental shared savings, the ACO-type approach, we ought to be able to put a lot of exciting improvements on the table as well and then use that as the fodder for moving further along the spectrum. In either case, however, it's very important for us to emphasize that we think we can offer a virtually 100% open network so that in our particular space, given how often we see the patient in an outpatient setting, some of the historical trade-offs around needing to start to close the network in order to achieve significant improvements don't exist. And so one of the reasons we should be one of the first scale pilots and new initiatives that they implement is because we offer this wonderful triangle of demonstrable and transparent clinical outcomes, saving money while retaining open networks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I do have a question about G&A costs per treatment. Jim, I know you gave us, I guess, a few things that impacted that in the quarter. I guess, just stepping back, would be curious to get some additional commentary on your view on G&A costs per treatment. We, I guess, had been tracking it the first half of '11 at around $27 or $28 a treatment. And it's recently moved into the $30 to, call it, $32 a treatment range, and it adds up on 20 million-plus treatments a year. So I guess the question is, what are you investing in there and can you help us just think about it a little bit more for the remainder of '12 and going forward?
James K. Hilger: Darren, great question. We do believe that our G&A spend will be flat for the balance of the year. And into '13, we would see G&A spend being flat to slightly up. We're hoping to get some leverage with it, but if we had to predict right now, that's what we would predict.
Kent J. Thiry: Darren, let me add there, one of the things that's hurting us there is the increased spend on compliance and legal with the private litigation in some of the investigations. And so someday those are going to go away and there'll be some nice pickup there.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And if you could just help us think about, beyond compliance and legal, which may be there for many quarters to come, but is there any transient type of cost, DSI integration, anything that you could say about integrated care investment, whether that shows up there or not? Anything to help us really put it further into context because it is a fairly significant investment in G&A from how we're looking at it?
James K. Hilger: Well, as we said, we have a number of IT projects that we're currently investing in and we've also been investing, spending on a lot of a long-term growth initiatives to hopefully drive future returns. So we have been spending a fair amount on the integration of DSI, and we will continue to spend money on the integration of additional future acquisitions.
Kent J. Thiry: Darren, we're not trying to be difficult on this. But the fact is IT, integrated care, legal compliance, DSI, growth, they're all kind of evenly weighted. It would suggest a level of analytical precision that's not reflected in my comments. But you got 4 or 5 different chunks, which add up to the hefty couple of bucks that has you appropriately uncomfortable.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: No, I'm just trying to make sense of $40 million or $50 million of additional G&A in the dialysis segment, that's all. My other question really is just more specific to the ancillary segment, where I think you've moved some of the international investment. And if I heard you correctly, Jim, some of the loss there was related to the CRO business and the investment you're making in the primary care business. But can you just talk more specifically about international and how that investment shows up in the segment results there?
James K. Hilger: Well, Darren, our results for the quarter had a $7 million loss in international, and that was consistent with the prior quarter. We expect that type of investment to continue for the balance of the year. And we do -- Darren, we do account for that outside of the dialysis segment, its own operating segment. So because it's not large enough to separately really support, we -- it is reported in our All Other segment.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, last question here. Just optimal leverage. Jim, stepping into the CFO role, are you or the team thinking any differently about what I think you've really characterized as your longer-term target leverage in the 3 to 3.5 range. Is that still the case? And are we under-levered at this point at 2.5?
James K. Hilger: We have not changed our long-term view of the appropriate levels of leverage for the company in that 3% to 3.5% range -- or 3x to 3.5x range. You're correct, we are well below that range at the moment. But we're comfortable being below or being above for certain periods of time over the long term. But over the long term, we do expect to be within the 3% to 3.5% -- or 3x to 3.5x range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A number of post-acute providers have talked about their expectation that the Medicare rule-making will just be final notices without receiving a proposed rule. Is that your expectation for dialysis, or are you guys expecting to see the proposed rule also?
Kent J. Thiry: LeAnne, you're best to handle that.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes. We have no indication of any change. So we do expect to see a proposed rule that we'll be able to react to.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then for the first time, there's an alternative ESA available for dialysis patients. Are you guys at all second-guessing the decision that you made to go into the long-term agreement with Amgen, or what are your thoughts there?
Kent J. Thiry: Boy, if we were, I don't know if we'd ever admit it. But with whatever credibility, I offer up the answer that we're not. Our decision did include a likely scenario that there would be a competitive product, and some things have happened more quickly than anticipated. But if you recall, before they came out with their recent developments, we kind of ran through the gauntlet of the 5 or 6 filters that will ultimately determine whether or not we picked the right partner or not. And our partner always has the right to respond to any fundamental competitive steps taken by the other side. So I could recast the filter, perhaps. But we have not second-guessed it. What's happening now is not outside the range of scenarios that we contemplated. But once again, if it were not true, I don't know if we would admit it.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, I mean, and just in terms of the filters, can you provide any more detail in terms of what some of the thought process was there?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, I'll do it spontaneously and then somebody can amend the mistakes I make. But filter 1 is will another product come out, quality product. Filter 2 is when will that be. Filter 3 is how will physicians respond when they're comparing it to the gold standard of long-standing duration. Fourth is how will they price it. Fifth is, for providers, how much of their purchase will they change, given what it might do to the pricing of the product they still buy from Amgen, the gold standard. And number 6 is what is the early data once you start using something more comprehensively in the real world, not in the artificial world. And then 7, if a competitive product successfully clears all those hurdles with seriously differential math [ph] , what will our partner do to ensure that we don't want to go scurrying off big-time in the other direction when the contract runs out. That's a reasonable approximation of the filters.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just on that last one, that's very helpful. In terms of what Amgen might do, I assume you're referring to any changes in price that they might have?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. There is a lot of levers to pull in a partnership like ours. That's certainly one of them, but not the only one.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then maybe my last question, it looks like the percent of patients with fistulas placed has remained fairly constant on a year-over-year basis. Should we think of that as sort of being the plateau of where it's going to go, or do you think you can still drive that percentage meaningfully higher?
Kent J. Thiry: Number one, the percentage will go higher. I don't know how to calibrate "meaningfully higher," so I'll stay away from that. Number two, a more important number has been moving down even while that number has plateaued, which is our catheter rate has gone down. The fistulas have gotten a lot more press because of CMS's emphasis on them. But more leveraged than increasing the fistula rate by 1% is reducing the catheter rate by 1%, because when you take someone else -- when you take someone off a catheter, they can go the fistula route or they can go the graft route. And while in many instances, for many patients, a fistula is superior to a graft, the graft is way superior to a catheter. So our catheter rates continue to hit all-time lows every single quarter in the last 4 quarters, during a period where the fistula rate has somewhat plateaued. And reducing catheter rates has an incredibly powerful correlation -- it really goes beyond correlation, cause and effect, to reduced infection rate, reduced mortality, improved effectness -- and improved effectiveness of dialysis. And if I didn't already say it, reduced hospital rates. So it's incredibly clinically and economically powerful, and on that one, we continue to get better every quarter.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Is there a number that you can share with us on that, on the catheter rate?
Kent J. Thiry: We haven't shared it publicly before. Why don't we talk about whether or not we start discussing it next quarter? And we'll discuss that internally in between now and then.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just a few quick questions here. Kent, I might have missed this, but what do you attribute the strong 5.3% normalized, non-acquired treatment growth to you? Is that patients getting more treatments per week or patients living longer now than previously?
Kent J. Thiry: No is the short answer. The primary driver of the improved non-acquired growth -- and that's the question, right? What are the primary drivers of our increased NAG?
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Yes.
Kent J. Thiry: The primary drivers, we're getting more de novos done, and we're getting more same-store growth. And then secondary, from an analytical point of view, would be the things that you cited, any growth in more frequent dialysis and any increases -- or decreases in mortality, increases in survivorship. Now to some extent, depending on the timeframe, the ranking of those 4 factors might differ, this quarter versus the last 6 months versus the last 12 months but it's a bit of a horse race across those 4.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And so de novos was the first one. What was the second one? I'm sorry I missed that.
Kent J. Thiry: Just increased same-store growth.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then just wondering. . .
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. Let me add in one another point because they're furiously handing me notes. In this particular quarter, the warmer weather typically leads to fewer missed treatments and -- either because of people just missing a treatment or because of not going in the hospital. So for this particular quarter, you have to introduce that fifth variable into the mix.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. And could you guys -- did you guys break that out? Or if you normalized for the mild winter, what would same-store growth have been?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, you can't normalize for that because it's impossible to come up with a metric that analytically codifies what's normal weather versus warmer. So I mean, I suppose somebody could, if we allocated 3 astrophysicists to study it for a while. But we're not going to do that.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. Good use of time. And then I was just wondering if you could -- is there any update on the status of the various government investigations?
Kent J. Thiry: There's really no developments there proceeding in the way that they normally proceed. We feel very good about the merits of our case in every single instance. But that, we hasten to add, does not mean that it might not be in your shareholders' best interest for us to settle in some cases. I repeat, however, on the merits of our cases, we continue to feel very, very comfortable. And I also -- it appears I have to amend my smart aleck comments about 3 astrophysicists because it appears our finance department had 3 astrophysicists work on it and we do have a number.
Jim Gustafson: This is Jim. It's between 20 and 30 basis points year-over-year because last year was an unusually cold and snowy winter, and this year was unusually mild. So that year-over-year comparison is about 20 to 30 bps this quarter.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. Appreciate that. That's very interesting. And then just the last question, and maybe I could shoot this over to LeAnne because I think she attended, but I was just wondering what your thoughts were on the home dialysis summit that was held in D.C. a few -- about a month ago or so. Do you think that's going to go anyplace or what -- I know you guys are big purveyors of both PD and home hemo, but I'm just wondering what her thoughts were coming out of that meeting.
Kent J. Thiry: Go ahead, LeAnne.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes, the meeting was really to raise awareness about the home modalities. And as you mentioned, DaVita is very much a leader in the industry in providing those to patients. So creating awareness and options was a big part about what that meeting was. And we participated, as did most of the patient groups and manufacturers and providers. So we're really excited about ensuring that patients have options.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of RBC Capital from Frank Morgan.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: 2 quick questions here. On the subject of increase in the EPO cost, I think one of the comments was EPO utilization going up, but also I think I heard pricing -- I wanted to confirm that, that pricing was higher because of lower rebates.
James K. Hilger: Yes, that's -- Frank, that's correct. We entered into a new agreement, a new contract with Amgen. And in that contract, as we publicly disclosed, some of our rebates are going down.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Is there any -- and I guess that cost went up year-over-year on a sequential basis, I guess if it -- sequentially, it'd be reflecting the new contract. Is that correct?
James K. Hilger: It is a new contract and the transition from last year's pricing to this year's pricing.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Is there any other offset -- I mean, obviously, lower rebates is not a good thing, but is there any kind of offset here? Or is this pretty much this is the rate going forward?
James K. Hilger: This rate is generally reflective of the new pricing that we face. We did have some transition from old pricing to new pricing in the quarter. And it will, of course -- obviously is dependent upon utilization when you look at the total cost.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And it sounds like maybe EPO utilization going back up. So is it fair to say maybe that EPO costs come down a little bit incrementally?
Kent J. Thiry: No, you should not assume that. And right now, we cannot tell you with certainty exactly what EPO pricing will be as the years unfold.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. One other quick one here on the flattening out of the commercial mix in the last several months. Do you have any early theories on that in terms of that actually developing into a trend, or any reason why it could, at this point, just be a head fake?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, it is difficult to predict private mix. In general, if you look over 10 years, it tends to correspond in a very crude way to the healthy economy and employment. However, as we all know, there's a lot of discontinuity showing up in macroeconomic data these days, as we hover back and forth between recession and recovery and different things happen with respect to international economics. So the fact that it's been flat, given there has been some flattening out of unemployment claims and some pickups in employment, flat versus down is not surprising. But exactly what happens depends so much on which sectors are growing or contracting and the confidence around growth or the flattening out of unemployment. So it's not surprising that it's flattened out, given what's happened in America. And what happens in America will most likely continue to be the primary driver of which way it moves or doesn't move, going forward. But we can't get any more precise than that. Is that responsive?
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's fine.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with Citigroup.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a few questions. In the comments earlier about G&A being flat through '12 and flat to up a little bit in '13, was that on a dollar basis or a percent of revenue basis?
James K. Hilger: That'd be on a per-treatment basis.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Dollars per treatment?
James K. Hilger: Yes. But it will fluctuate, hopefully within a narrow band.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And my other question is, is there any consideration of subcu for EPO? I guess at one time, a few years ago, doctors were talking less about targeting lower hemoglobin, using more iron and then eventually moving towards subcu. We have seen a little bit of pick up with the small providers doing a little more subcu. Is that something that you've completely ruled out, or still unknown at this point?
Kent J. Thiry: We have not ruled it out or ruled it in. We really follow the guidance of our physicians, and you can see how wrong a lot of the experts were who said that once the bundle went in, there'd be a wholesale move to subcu. These are the same people who said, "Oh, the reasons that subcu wasn't used more before were economic," which is why, of course, they predicted with such certainty and such flair and drama that it was going to increase dramatically as soon as the bundle went in. They were wrong in both counts. The clinical data around subcu was unclear before, whether or not it led to sustained lower doses. You had the issue of patient preference, which tends to come down very soundly against subcu, although you never know what changes there might be there with new technologies that make it less uncomfortable. And then you have the big clinical bogeyman of the occasional incidence -- I'm not going to give the right name, it's been too many years, of red blood cell aplasia or something like that, a very serious potential byproduct of subcu, which in Europe x years ago led to some serious patient harm and made a lot of doctors uneasy about it. And so you put all that together, we don't know how many more physicians will start exploring it yet again and what the results will be. And our behaviors and actions will follow their decisions.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. Last question. Kent, I heard your brief comments on the investigation update. I just wanted to ask specifically about Denver, only because on the last call, you had mentioned that a few executives had been called to testify, I think, in front of that grand jury. Is that -- can you comment if that -- those testimonies have been completed, if that's still ongoing? Is there still an active process happening in Denver?
Kent J. Thiry: They have done some and they're going to do some more.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Chuck Ruff with Insight Investments.
Charles Ruff: The $17 million operating loss for ancillary services, strategic initiatives, international, can you give us some idea of where we should expect that for the year?
James K. Hilger: We would -- Chuck, we would expect our international losses to stay in and around the results of the first quarter. Our -- and we would expect some improvement in our ancillary businesses over the course of the year.
Charles Ruff: Okay. So it won't be 17x4 of 68 should -- is 50 a reasonable number for the year?
James K. Hilger: I don't think we're in a position to give that -- to give a specific number, Chuck, but it should be less than 4x17.
Charles Ruff: Okay. And on the cash flow statement, there's a $7.1 million loss on disposal of assets. Is that loss in G&A, or where is that on the income statement? And is it a recurring type thing?
James K. Hilger: Let me get you an answer to that. I'm going to -- I'll come back to that question in a minute.
Charles Ruff: Okay. And can you give us a feel for where we should expect CapEx to be for the year? And I don't know if you can put any kind of range on the acquisition use of cash for the year.
James K. Hilger: We don't typically give CapEx guidance. But we would expect our CapEx to be in line with -- the maintenance CapEx to be in line with prior year. Acquisition CapEx is somewhat driven by the opportunities that are presented to us. And at this point, we really don't have the ability to give guidance on that figure.
Operator: And your next question comes on the line of Kevin Ellich with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Kent, just one quick follow-up. You made a comment about DaVita Rx being seasonally lower this quarter, or at least the profit was. Just wondering why that is. Is there a lot of seasonality in that business? Or what drove the lower profitability this quarter?
Kent J. Thiry: The -- I'll take a stab, but other people have to correct me if I'm wrong. I think what we found is that the first quarter, when people are having their co-pays and deductibles, actually does influence their decision-making around adhering to the pharmaceutical prescriptions that their doctors have recommended. We've seen in DaVita Rx over the years how powerful microeconomic forces and incentives, in fact, are in determining what a lot of people with limited funds do on the pharmaceutical front. I'm looking around the room now. Is that the right answer?
James K. Hilger: Yes, Kent, that's the primary driver.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Martin Brunninger with Nomura.
Martin Brunninger - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: If you can just give us an update on what your plans in international growth and the expansion plans and what you have achieved so far.
Kent J. Thiry: I will take a stab and then you come back at me if it's unsatisfactory. We've been pleased and excited by what's happened so far, the fact that we are active in Germany, India, Saudi Arabia and China, and also have a center in Singapore and a couple being built in Malaysia. And so we are excited and encouraged by that. We always hasten to remind ourselves, however, that we're new, that we're going to make a lot of mistakes and hit a bunch of speed bumps. So we are committed to continuing. We're going to get smarter and better and more efficient. But at this point, there's such a wide range of potential outcomes as to exactly how many centers and what revenue and what operating contribution we're going to have at any given date and time, that any alleged guidance that we would provide wouldn't really be very useful.
Martin Brunninger - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: But could you maybe give us a broad sense of the strategy, whether you're pursuing a greenfield approach in various countries? Or is there a difference in the geographies, whether you prefer greenfield approach or an acquisition strategy? What do you think makes more sense mid- to long-term?
Kent J. Thiry: In almost all cases, we will devote acquisitions and de novos. And in many cases, we'll be working with local partners to help facilitate our learning.
Martin Brunninger - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And with respect to Germany, what kind of market share do you think you can get to, and what do you -- what are the regulations there at the moment that give you the biggest pushbacks?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. We just don't know since I think our market share right now is probably something like 0.25%. And we've only been in the country a few months. We're just -- you probably know what more than we do about what to expect. We love the fact that it is such an open market, in the sense there is a very, very little chain presence, as you know. But there's also a reason why the chain presence is so low compared to other countries, which is there have been a lot of obstacles. And we're hoping that we can prove with our outcomes and the way in which we collaborate with the government that some of those obstacles should be removed, and then there is an awful lot of open field running opportunity in Germany over the next decade. So we're opening -- we're hoping to accelerate that change, but pretty impossible today to predict at what rate that will happen.
Martin Brunninger - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Maybe the last question on European countries. I'm sure you've done lots of research there. What's the typical profit margin on these dialysis clinics that you're looking at?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. It varies so dramatically. I don't think there is such a thing as typical, not only across countries but within countries. And for us, as important as the current margin is, our assessment of the expected margins over the next 10 to 15 years, which creates even more variability in the forecast as you try to anticipate government reimbursement versus significant elements of the cost structure, including labor, so I am afraid there's no short way to answer that question because it varies across countries, within countries and over time.
James K. Hilger: Sorry we don't know more.
Kent J. Thiry: And I'd like to return to Chuck's question. Chuck, you'd asked about on our cash flow statement, our loss on disposal of assets of $7 million. It's disposal of assets and other noncash charges. And principally, the answer to the question is the amortization of our deferred financing cost is the vast majority of that line item. And hopefully, that is responsive to your question. If not, feel free to jump back in the queue and refine the question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Matt Weight with Feltl and Company.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Just quickly here. The sequential increase in patient care cost per treatment, about $3.50, was that predominantly due to the lower rebates or is that overstating that?
James K. Hilger: The patient care cost, it's a number of things -- a number of factors add into it. But in order of relevance, it's the compensation expense and higher payroll taxes would be the largest impact. And then increased cost for EPO.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then can you say how much DSI integration costs were included in G&A this quarter?
James K. Hilger: It's about $5 million in the quarter.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I think previously, you thought that, that integration would be complete by the second quarter. Is that still on track?
James K. Hilger: We're still on track with our integration plan.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay. And just last question. When we start thinking about integrated care, is there any differences or challenges in how you would incorporate or manage a home dialysis patient versus in-center?
Kent J. Thiry: Say that question again, please.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Well, within integrated care, are there any challenges or differences when you look at a home dialysis patient versus one that's in-center? In-center, I'm assuming it's easier to monitor their weight and then so I'm just -- what other challenges there may be or differences?
Kent J. Thiry: All right, let me take a stab at it. There's a lot of differences in how you take care of a home patient versus in-center. And this is because there is a lot of differences. Separately from patient preference, there is differences in which patients can do, one of the 2 home modalities versus in-center modality, and then there's also the variable of which patients can and would prefer nocturnal. And so there's a bunch of differences. I don't know where to take it beyond that. Some things are easier about working with home patients, some things are harder because you don't see them as often, and vice versa with the in-center.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: The demonstration project, do you have home dialysis patients in that?
Kent J. Thiry: Boy, I'm not -- I presume so. I've always presumed so. And so I actually can't answer the question because I've never asked it. And maybe there's some bizarre fact that I'm not aware of where we don't have them in. Just -- and I'm looking around the room. None of us know. So presume the answer is yes. And if it's not, we'll get back to you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John Ransom with Raymond James.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Some of the -- a couple of the private companies are particularly enthusiastic about the physician JV model. As you move forward, is it reasonable to expect 5 years from now you'll have more doctors under JV than you have now? And is that -- would that change be driven by your preference or just by the realities of the marketplace as people compete for your docs and new docs coming out of school?
Kent J. Thiry: If you're talking about joint ventures where both the physicians and we own -- we together own equity at the dialysis center, is that what you're talking about?
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Kent J. Thiry: No. We already do more joint ventures dialysis centers with doctors than anyone else in America by far, and that's been true for a long, long time. So we were leaders in that space. We think it's really good for the patient and the taxpayer, as well as for our shareholders. And we don't expect that to change going forward.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And has that percentage been increasing over the past 5 years?
Kent J. Thiry: Short answer is yes.
John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And have you ever disclosed what percent are JV versus medical director model?
Kent J. Thiry: We have at different times thrown numbers out, and we'll probably do it again at our next Capital Markets Day. So I don't have the number at the tip of my fingers right now, but we'll disclose it, I would guess, at the next Capital Markets. And for a reasonably up-to-date number, you could go to the transcripts for the last Capital Markets because, of course, in any given year, it doesn't change that much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with Citigroup.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just coming back for one more. I just wanted to go to the kind of the seasonality of operating income this year, and you had made some comments about 2Q operating income probably being down sequentially and you'd talked about a few different factors driving that. And I was just kind of looking back in my model as far as I can see, and I don't have a 2Q operating income number down sequentially. So is the biggest part of this that annual meeting is typically a 1Q event, and this year it's a 2Q event? Is that the biggest factor? Or is there an extra treatment day or something? Could you give a little more color on your expectation there?
James K. Hilger: Well, our annual leadership conference has always occurred in the second quarter. We typically have fewer days in the first quarter. It's usually 2 days on average, sometimes 3 days on average than the rest of the year, and that is the principal reason why our first quarter typically is lower seasonally. Of course, you also have payroll tax reset, which occurs in the first quarter. This year, we have -- with our new -- with our expectations on utilization, our new EPO contract and the leadership conference in the second quarter, we could be flat to down sequentially.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And the 2Q treatment days, do you know what would those be?
James K. Hilger: It will be more than -- I think it's one more day. People are shaking their heads here. I believe it's one more day in the quarter.
Kent J. Thiry: Let me go ahead and go back to the question raised by the previous questioner. In our 10-K, we reported 18% of dialysis revenues were generated from JV centers.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to the presenters.
Kent J. Thiry: All right. Thank you all very much for your continued interest in our company. We will work very hard between now and the next call to try to generate an attractive risk-adjusted, short- and long-term return on your capital. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - Vice President of Investor Relations Kent J. Thiry - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Luis A. Borgen - Chief Financial Officer LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Former Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Unknown Analyst Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jamaria, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Q4 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Jim Gustafson. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, Jamaria, and welcome, everyone, to our fourth quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations, and with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Luis Borgen, our CFO; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. I'd like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statements. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and annual report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, I'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Greetings. Let me first repeat Jim's thanks for your interest in our/your company. The fourth quarter was a strong one, and 2011 was a strong year, both clinically, operationally and financially. Because we just completed a fiscal year, I'll cover a few more topics than usual:  Number one, as always, clinical outcomes; number two, 2011 acquisitions; number three, a brief investigations update; number four, a little snippet of info on DaVita Rx, our specialty pharmacy group; number five, the concept and potential reality of integrated care; number six, our outlook going forward; and number seven, discuss a little bit of recent organizational announcement. I'll try to be crisp [ph] since there's more than usual.  First, our clinical outcomes. We always present those first because that is what comes first. We are, first and foremost, a caregiver company serving now approximately 142,000 patients, about 1 out of 3 in America. With respect to adequacy, which is essentially how well we're doing at removing toxins from our patient's blood, this quarter, 97% of our hemodialysis patients had a Kt/V greater than 1.2.  And with respect to vascular access, 69% of our patients have fistulas, the preferred form of vascular access. For these and virtually all other clinical measures, our patient outcomes compare very favorably to national averages. And I'll take a moment to say that in 2011, for the 11th year in a row, we're able to state unambiguously that we had better clinical outcomes in the prior year, which means also our best ones ever. We hope we can repeat those words to you in one more year at the beginning of 2013.  Moving on to number two, on the acquisition front. As you know, most of you, we closed and are integrating DSI, which added 83 centers, net of divestitures. The integration is going solidly. But in addition to that, we closed acquisitions of an additional 65 centers. All of these transactions added more than 10,000 new patients who are entrusting us with their essential care, and we are very focused on providing that great care, as well as ensuring good returns on a significant amount of your capital that we deployed in that fashion in that year.  Third, I'd like to give you a brief update on one of the litigation investigations, the 2011 U.S. Attorney Physician Relationship Investigation that we have discussed with you before. The investigation, as expected, is continuing and theyve now asked for testimony by some executives of the company and some current and former members of the board through subpoenas. Asking for some live testimonies was to be expected. We have cooperated with their historical requests. We will continue to cooperate. At this point, they are collecting information. No charges have been filed, and we look forward to beginning substantive discussions with the government and are hoping that happens soon.  Number four, DaVita Rx had a very successful year. They grew revenue about 45% to over $300 million and are modestly in the black. They are now providing important oral medication management services for over 41,000 patients and providing strong clinical benefits to our patients and strong support services and information to our physicians.  On to number five, the substantive integrated care, which we've talked about a little bit more lately. For those of you who are new to the concept, it's essentially a kidney-care-focused ACO, to use some of the modern-day hospital jargon. It means we're going to hopefully manage the full $88,000 a year of total medical costs per Medicare dialysis patients instead of just the $33,000 or so that is consumed by dialysis. We've had very serious and constructive discussions with CMS, discussing this and it is being seriously considered.  If we get the opportunity to do this, it will be a major opportunity to increase our value proposition to America. Higher quality, more services for patients, lower total costs primarily through reduced hospitalizations and we think a very, very attractive return on capital to our shareholders because of that dramatically enhanced value proposition for the government and to society. Too soon to tell, always difficult to handicap, but we've never before been having conversations this specific and this serious.  Number six, moving on to our outlook. The message here is simple. We're maintaining our 2012 operating income guidance range, which is $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion, and that range captures a majority of the powalistic [ph] outcomes when you take into account all the various swing factors with which many of you are quite familiar at this point.  And finally, number seven, the board, Dennis Kogod, our Chief Operating Officer and me, were very excited to announce the recent promotion of Javier Rodriguez to the title of President of DaVita. He will serve as a full tier to Dennis Kogod, and the 3 of us will work together in the future, as we have in the past, as a tight team. This promotion, not surprisingly, reflects the strong performance and leadership and growth that JR, Javier that is, has demonstrated in recent years, in fact, for many years.  And with that happy ending note, I'll turn the call over to our CFO, Luis Borgen. Thank you.
Luis A. Borgen: Thanks, Kent. We had strong operating income and cash flow in the quarter, driven by strong treatment growth and improved cost per treatment. Offsetting these factors are lower revenue per treatment and a continued decline in commercial mix.  Here's some specifics on the quarter. Non-acquired growth was 4.8% when normalized for days of the week. Dialysis revenue per treatment was down about $5. The primary drivers were a decline in commercial mix, our new agreements with the VA and a declining utilization of physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals and finally, declined revenue from vaccinations, which were seasonally high in the third quarter. Dialysis patient care cost per treatment was down about $7 from the prior quarter due to 2 main factors: one, a reduction in utilization of physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals, mainly Epogen; and two, seasonally lower payroll costs. Note that EPO utilization was consistent throughout the fourth quarter, and based on our conversations with physicians, we expect utilization to be at current or slightly higher levels going forward.  Our fourth quarter dialysis G&A per treatment was up slightly from the prior quarter, primarily due to IT projects and legal and compliance spend. This fourth quarter G&A includes approximately $8 million for DSI integration, which was similar to the amount we incurred in the third quarter. We expect some continued spending on DSI in the first quarter of 2012.  International losses were about $20 million for the year, in line with our previous guidance. Note that in the fourth quarter, we changed the presentation of internal spending on our financial statements, moving our international results out of the U.S. dialysis segment to be reported as a part of our strategic initiatives. Previous quarters of 2011 were recast to reflect this reporting as well. We made this reporting change to provide more clarity in the economics of our core U.S. dialysis business.  Operating cash flow for 2011 was unusually strong at $1.18 billion. We are guiding 2012 operating cash flow to be lower, with a range of $950 million to $1.05 billion. This is because 2011 cash flow benefited from the favorability in the timing of a number of working capital items primarily related to the timing of cash tax payments due to the bonus tax depreciation.  As we look to the first quarter of 2012, operating income is likely to be down sequentially, as operating costs will increase due to fewer treatment days, over which the spreads fixed cost in the quarter, seasonally higher payroll taxes and an increase in pharma cost due to reduced rebates in our new Amgen contract and some increased G&A investments.  Looking at our guidance for the full year 2012 compared to our Q4 2011 run rate, you should consider a number of factors. Tailwinds include the Medicare market basket increase and a continued treatment volume growth, coupled with the impact of integrating DSI. These above factors will be offset by some headwinds, including higher EPO unit costs and increased G&A investments. We expect G&A per treatment to be about $2 higher in 2012 versus 2011, reflecting increased spending in various areas including IT, international, legal and compliance, growth in DaVita Rx and some investments in VillageHealth. In addition, payor mix remains uncertain into 2012.  Operator, let's go ahead and open up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from the line of Matt Borsch with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you just talk a little bit more about the integrated care opportunity? And what do you think might be the fastest timeline along which that could progress? And what do you think you -- what capabilities do you think you'd need to build or partnerships you'd need to have, I don't know, with managed care or other, to be successful there?
Kent J. Thiry: Certainly. We're a little bit schizophrenic on this issue, on the one hand, so excited, we've been working on it a long time. And on the other hand, we have great trepidation in talking about it since you can never predict for sure what the government will decide to do and when. And even if they come out with a request for proposal, will it be a quality one that we can participate in? So with all those caveats, we'll attempt to answer your question. As to timing, the soonest request for proposal might come out for comment would be in a couple of months. We're not predicting that, but that's answering the question. As to how late it could happen, it could be never, but we think we've got a good shot. As to capabilities, we've been preparing for some time, in part through our demonstration pilot, which we did with Medicare, with CMS, sharing all the data to define rules along the way, and so they've seen it in action. They know that medical costs go down, clinical quality goes up and patient satisfaction goes up, as well as physician satisfaction as a matter of fact. And they've seen some of the results from the work Fresenius has done, our competitor in the same area. And so in terms of capabilities, we can pretty much do it on our own, and while there will be some exceptions to that, we think they'll be relatively modest. Of course, I have to qualify that by saying since we haven't seen the RFP yet, well, we can't be sure that, that answer's correct. Did I hear every part of your question?
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I think you did. Just on the last answer there. I gather you have the capability to do it with what's within your company in terms of maybe taking it to the optimal level, with everything that's involved in population health management if you're responsible for that cohort. Again, do you think, primarily, you have that in-house, you don't have to do significant investment to get there?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, 2 different things. We have the capabilities in-house. It will take investment to scale those activities if we get the kind of pilot that we're hoping for. So big, big distinction to make there.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And if I could just one more on the commercial mix. Are you -- would you say that there is incrementally more pressure from the commercial payers on reimbursement? Is dialysis something that they seem to be more focusing on more heavily? And how are your negotiations, if any, proceeding along that front?
Kent J. Thiry: Okay, I'll tackle that one too. Before I do, as you refined your question, I feel I should add one additional note to my answer, which is in the beginning of scaling for a big integrated care undertaking, it could be we would do some outsourcing as we build our scale, so I was giving you a longer-term answer and recognize that you might have in part been asking about the scaling period. And if we get the scale, we are not sure which parts we'll be able to scale on our own versus temporary use of others. But now on to your question. On the private payer side, it's super, super intense, which is the same way it was last year and the year before and the year before that. It doesn't seem like that ever changes.
Matthew Borsch - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And so in terms of the rate of increase, you're not really seeing differences in terms of outcomes with a greater, I don't know, whether we can even call it, maybe it isn't a greater focus on cost containment, it's the same focus on cost containment. The dynamic is about the same. Is that fair?
Kent J. Thiry: I think the dynamic is about the same. And what we've always said is every year, we win some victories, we suffer some defeats, there are a bunch of ties, and it's a little bit like one football season to the next. It's real dangerous to extrapolate because you got tough opponents out there. And so while we wouldnt posit any particular structural change in the world nor any sort of systematic change in intensity, nonetheless, you never want to get complacent and certainly, we don't.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Kevin Ellich with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Kent, going back to your prepared comments or maybe it was Luis. I think you indicated the physicians have stated that Epogen use or the physician-prescribed drugs would be either flat to maybe slightly higher in 2012. Just wondering what type of visibility or why that would -- why it would go up.
Luis A. Borgen: That remains dynamic. We have rolled out various protocols, and as we settle on the final one, we think that flat to up is the most likely scenario at this point in conversations with physicians and the data we're seeing.
Kent J. Thiry: It's so difficult to predict because there's been such change in the science, in the government guidance, in the debates, in the articles on the anemia management that you have a lot of doctors making some changes to their prescription pattern for any of those number of reasons, and then waiting a month or 2 or 3 to see what the results are and see if they're content as they stare at their patient population and look at the percent that's between 10 and 12, sub-10, between 12 and 13, above 13. And so what we do is the best we can in incorporating all their opinions into any amendments into the protocol, so they essentially end up being the physicians on protocols, and then helping facilitating, supporting them as they stare at their results and the results of the broader population and continue to fine tune what they think is right for their patients. So it's pretty dynamic, but the general drift of what we hear from our doctors is exactly what Luis said.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it, okay. And then, I guess, just shifting back to the integrated care. I think maybe a month ago, we noticed that you guys opened up a primary care clinic in Tacoma, Washington. Just wondering what the strategic rationale is behind that. Is that a revenue driver or a way for you guys to curb your own health care expenses? And then, what's the expansion plans for other primary care clinics?
Kent J. Thiry: The short answer is both. We have about 1,000 citizens of what we call the DaVita village in the Tacoma area, and there, as is happening elsewhere in the country, our medical costs continue to go up and up and up, placing whatever burden on our people and on us, and we're hoping this clinic can be a way to change that trend, while simultaneously providing better service to our people and their families. Having said that, we think there could be a real business model there that we can provide to other employers of different sizes, but way too soon to make any forecasts. I would characterize it as very spirited new business R&D right now.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Understood. And then just thinking about home hemodialysis. Earlier this month, UnitedHealthcare issued a medical policy for home hemo. Just wondering if that's changed your opinion. Or I guess, what's your take on home hemodialysis at this point?
Kent J. Thiry: I'm not familiar with the new United policies so perhaps you could fill me in there or certainly, I'm sure 6 or 7 people will, once the call is over. But our posture on HHD, home hemodialysis, and we do more of it than anyone in the world at last look, is unchanged, which is there's -- what we always say is people who say that it's going to grow, grow, grow dramatically, it should be right for lots and lots of patients. We don't see yet the data to support that conclusion at all. On the other hand, those who say that it should apply to no patients our data doesn't support that either. As to what percentage of patients it will be a superior form of care for is not clear yet. And then, in addition, there's all the complexities and subtleties around government reimbursement, what they allow, what they don't, what constitutes evidence to them, et cetera. And so the picture is pretty murky once you combine those 2. We remain very, very committed to the work we're doing in that area, and our collaboration with the federal government to try to figure out what the right policies are based on high quality, objective, nonpartisan, if you will, analysis.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Well, United's policy basically says that HHD is a proven therapy as an alternative to facility-based hemodialysis for patients who apply to -- for the criteria. So basically, I think they're basically saying the clinical data is good enough.
Kent J. Thiry: That is good, and again, there's an entire spectrum of opinions on this subject, which is why we advise you to be careful about paying too much attention to people at either end of the distribution. And clearly, by the number of patients we have on it, we think it's very, very justified for some patients and better for them, either in terms of quality or life convenience, the ability to keep on working and the ability to integrate dialysis care more into their lives and their families' lives. So we're clearly supportive, but we wouldn't be doing everything we're doing.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Understood. And then just one last quick question for maybe LeAnne. Just wondering if -- what's the latest on the doc fix? Is there anything such as the bad debt coverage that could impact you guys?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes. As a matter of fact, the preliminary analysis or information is out. We're reviewing that and it would appear that dialysis bad debt reimbursement will be part of the pay-for, for the policy.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Do we know how much it will impact you guys? I mean, your bad debt is only what, 3% , if that?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: You're speaking to the provision on the income statement? Yes, 2.9%. Yes, that is a much -- that number encompasses more than the Medicare bad debt.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Maybe just a follow-up on that last question, LeAnne. In terms of thinking about the bad debt provision in the doc fix deal. So the way -- could you just maybe give us a refresher on the way it works now? So 20% of the composite rate is a co-pay? And is that the piece that's going to be affected by this potentially?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes. So it's a little complicated. Let me see if I can be clear. Right now, we're able to claim Medicare bad debt in certain circumstances on what used to be the old composite rate, so not on the drugs. And yes, that would be the 20% that would not be paid by a third -- or second party or third party. And that calculation is further reviewed in a way that if the dialysis facility was profitable or lost money on a Medicare basis. So couple of filters that you have to go through before you're determined to be eligible for the bad debt.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So that composite rate is it around -- it's like $135 or somewhere in that range, so is that the story number and the way to think about it?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes. I'd like to track it probably to $150. I can't remember if -- of the  drug add-on was in there or not. Maybe Jim Hillter [ph] or someone could help us out with the exact number, but it's in that $135 to $150 range.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then what are the additional filters? So if we were to kind of just walk through the process to filter it down, so if we were to try to estimate an impact, what would some of those filters be?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes, the filter -- the primary filter is whether or not that facility lost money or made money on a Medicare basis. And so if it's making money, you're going to be limited as to what you could claim, and you may not be able to claim any of it.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And so that's how it currently works?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Correct.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And any estimate in terms of what percentage of your facilities wouldn't be able to claim anything since they're making money?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: I don't have that number handy for me.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then on the -- I guess, just on the income statement. The bad debt expense that you're currently reporting, is that primarily -- is there a split? Is it 1/2 commercial, 1/2 Medicare? Or how should we think about that?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Again, I don't have that data right in front of me.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I guess maybe on another topic, Kent. There's -- for the first time this year, I guess, there's the potential that a competing ESA might come to market, and you all have signed a long-term contract with Amgen. But how should we think about the, I guess -- I would assume it's a potential benefit to you still, if a potential drug -- competing drug comes to market. How should we think about that?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, very fair question. And the answer is it's not clear in the short term, whether it's in our best interest or not for something new to come out. We signed a long-term agreement as you know. We signed it with Amgen for EPO, which is the gold standard for anemia management. And we walked through kind of the strategic and logical filters for the decision we made and said that over the 7 years and on a net basis, this could work to our advantage or our disadvantage. But one thing that is very clear is that Amgen and our interests are aligned for the most part, and so I can't give you a generic answer whether a new entrant coming out soon is good or bad for us without waiting to see what happens and at what price, what pickup there is, et cetera, et cetera.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Justin Lake with UBS.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess I'll just take a quick shot at this bad debt first. Can you just give us the number in terms of, LeAnne, that 100% goes to the 65%, I believe? How much does that impact you by? Maybe just tell us how much you collect right now in Medicare bad debt.
Kent J. Thiry: LeAnne, do you know the number? And for the folks out there, I just want to apologize. LeAnne's actually in a different city and so there might be some awkward handoffs back and forth. But LeAnne, do you know the number?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: I can give an estimate, and that estimate would impact us about $4 million in the first year. And it does -- it phases from 100% of recovery to 65% of recovery over the 3-year period.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. So if it goes at 32% early on, that might be $12 million to, maybe with some growth, $15 million by year 3?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: That would be reasonable estimate.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. Second question, Kent, on the integrated care, you talked about specific serious conversations. Just wanted to focus on a couple of issues there. In terms of if -- could you help us -- it sounds like you're as close as you've ever been, clearly an exciting concept. Can you tell us would -- what you think maybe the 2 or 3 kind of key issues that are keeping CMS from having published this or that you're working on with them? What's keeping this from having come out now that theyre past the 8 pioneer ACOs.
Kent J. Thiry: Certainly. Before I do that, LeAnne did take her best cut in the spirit of trying to be responsive on the bad debt estimate, and so what you got was our absolute best estimate. I just want to emphasize that. It -- the thing came out so recently, my understanding is just today or yesterday or something, and so we're still processing away, and if those -- if the estimate that LeAnne gave in good faith turns out to be materially wrong, we'll get back to you as soon we can. But it is our first cut at it. Then second, on what's keeping them from coming out with it, it really is that they were so consumed by all the pioneer ACO work and related hospital stuff. And then they turn to all the rest, and they've got to finish comparing and deciding on which subset of all the rest they're actually going to take action on, and so that takes some time. We do have it on assurance from many, many people that we're among the finalists. But whether or not that means we make it into the next round, which would be imminent or whether we don't make it into the first round and have to wait for the second round or some other subsequent round, we just can't handicap. But it really is just them managing their workflow.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got it. So do you expect in the next several months, there'll be another announcement with these kind of integrated care, like you said kind of vertical ACOs in different disease states and the question is not really in your mind around whether it's going to happen or not, more so are you going to be a part of it and you think will?
Kent J. Thiry: That's too definitive. They may opt to do no verticals. That is still potentially the case. And remember, even if they issue out RFPs in the vertical, they may be so unattractive that no one does them. So while the odds are they're going to come out with some other types of ACOs beyond the hospital, it's unfortunately not 100%. So were excited because we're in the red zone, but that's a long way from starting.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then just 2 more questions on this. In terms of the timing between a release and when you think this would actually go into place, if you can help us there. And if it came in the next few months, could it start by 2013? And maybe how many patients you think it would start with.
Kent J. Thiry: So all fair questions, and I'll throw out guesses as long as everyone appreciates that's what they are, but we're striving to be useful. If it comes out in the next few months, which would be the best case, and if it's a proposal that actually can work where we can add the value for society and share in it, there is a chance it could be implemented in January 1, '13. There's also a good chance that they would do a later date halfway through '13 or the beginning of '14. In our favor is the fact that we've been working so closely with them, and our industry works collaboratively in a very different way than many others. And so our ability to dance with them, to get something done where they feel they're going to get the right level of reporting, the right level of transparency, the right amount of accountability, the right amount of systems integration, our ability to deliver that is really superior to most other health care segments. All of that says maybe it could happen January 1, 2013, and then you know all the reasons why it might not.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And number of patients?
Kent J. Thiry: Number of patients, that's anybody's guess, Justin. I'm sorry, that one even I can't go venture in guessing on that.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And the biggest, I think, push back I get when talking to people about this, Kent, is that in terms of just the timing, right? If this starts in '13, by the time it becomes material, it's fairly far out in the future. And so I think the key in terms of kind of investor interest will probably be the level of transparency there is to further growth in the RFP, meaning this is not just going to be x number of patients and we'll take another look at for 3 to 5 years and come back. Do you expect that there's going to -- it's going to be fairly explicit in the contract that regardless of how many patients you start with, if the industry hits x outcomes data and y savings targets, then it will be very explicit that this will scale to something more meaningful without having to go back and request it, it will be kind of explicit in the contract?
Kent J. Thiry: It's the right question, I cannot handicap the answer. I do think that if we get something good, we and Fresenius and others will do such good stuff with it that independent of what is contractually or regulatory stipulated, we're going to have a heck of a good story to tell. And even though penetration can take a while, if it's penetration of a relatively proven capability, valuing it becomes simpler.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And one last question on mix. Can you tell us where you are now in terms of percentage of patients in commercial, how much that changed sequentially? Is it getting worse or better? And for 2012, can you walk me through -- the economy seems to be getting a little better from a jobs perspective, and then you have COBRA kind of expiring for some people and maybe talk to us about what you're expecting for '12 and that will be it for me.
Luis A. Borgen: Sure, Justin. This is Luis. Where we are at the end of Q4 is that we are at 10% commercial mix. On a sequential basis in Q3 to Q4, we saw a similar rate of decline. And on your third question, it is one of our swing factors. It's highly uncertain where that's going to shake out, so it's difficult to predict.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Do you expect it to go down in 2012, to continue moderating or...
Luis A. Borgen: Our guidance includes several scenarios. It's difficult to predict. And so it is something that we have factored into our overall guidance. Just one clarification, Justin, which may help you think about it, we are rounding down to 10% as of Q4 to be clear on that point.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ben Andrew, who's a sales research analyst (sic) [William Blair].
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Ben Andrew with William Blair. I don't know if I changed affiliations, but I wanted to ask Kent briefly about your thoughts on the risk profile of the integrated care model. Obviously, the demonstration work you've already done has given you some pretty good visibility that youve communicated. But how would you hope to treat outlier patients? And are there other parameters of an RFP that would make it more attractive or less attractive to you, you could walk us through please?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, the larger the scale that they allow, the more open we can be on accepting versus not accepting outlier risk. And calibrating, regulating and administering outlier risk is actually something that CMS has to do a fair amount of, including in the bundle, under which we now operate. And so that will be a highly analytical exercise between us and Medicare if it happens. And so we're not at all worried about it as long as we bring the right attention to it and they share the numbers. It should be a case where both sides can win, and they want to give us enough scale so that the outlier pool is smaller and they capture more of our potential value. And we work collaboratively with them, and so they see the upside for them. But it's pretty impossible to predict ahead of time until you're doing that final serious number crunching.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then maybe talk about any other aspects of the RFP beyond that one that would be important to you as an organization to wanting to accept or to bid for an RFP.
Kent J. Thiry: I would say the most important one is our ability to work with all Medicare patients in a clinic. Whats very, very difficult in terms of achieving the kind of systemic, dramatic change that we're contemplating here is when a subset of the patients in a given center are involved. Because without the upside, you cannot afford to add all the additional integrative services. And without that investment, you can't generate the results. And it's much, much more expensive if you're dealing with small pockets of fragmented patients who stretch across an entire country, as opposed to much more concentrated patient populations within a given geography. That's one of the primary fulcrums.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, great. And then as you think about, again, scale getting at this, are the sizes of the demonstration projects that you undertook, would those be compelling enough to, again, to want to participate? Or is that just wouldn't be enough to compel you?
Kent J. Thiry: Could you say the question again, please, Ben?
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Yes. Given the size of the demonstration programs that you did and the cost savings that you appear to have seen and more importantly, the improvements in patient outcome, satisfaction and physician outcome, are those scale of projects sufficient for you as an organization at this point to want to participate if they try to severely limit the scale? Would it still be compelling just to, again, collect more, to get more experience and then hope that they would expand it over time?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I guess the answer -- Let me grope for a moment. If we got to do -- our existing demonstration project is in one geographic area. And if they allowed us to do that same thing in 20 geographic areas, we would absolutely do it. So there is enough local scale where if we've got to do multiple local things of that size and spread the fixed overhead above it, that would be attractive. Is that -- am I answering the right question?
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Yes, that's helpful. I know you're not going to give a number. I'm just trying to get a flavor for kind of where your interests are there. And then as you think about the skill sets that DaVita has today, and you talked about a transition period perhaps into a fully-integrated model over time, what would be the most critical aspects for you to outsource or to add, on kind of a transitional basis, if gave you the go ahead, say, for Jan 1, 2013?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I'm not prepared to answer that so I will try, and you'll have to recognize that my answer could be pretty feeble. But if they were going to give us the opportunity to take care of a lot of patients, we'd probably have some call center issues. We might have some technology and technology development issues just in terms of interconnectedness. Those are the 2 areas where we might have to outsource on a transitional basis.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Matt Weight [ph], who's a private analyst.
Unknown Analyst: One -- couple of questions here, going back to the EPO supply contract with Amgen. If you looked out in potentially 2 to 3 years, there was price compression from competing ESA drugs. Would the contract at all allow you to benefit from that?
Kent J. Thiry: Matt, we can't, for all sorts of obvious reasons, disclose precise contract terms. And so maybe let me stumble my way through sort of the filters we went through in thinking about this contract, and we do feel very good about the new partnership we have with Amgen, and that's an important context within which to think about this. But you have to assess the probability that a new drug comes out in the market. Then you have to predict what price it will be at, how different from Amgen's price. Then you have to predict what percent of physicians will actually take the risk of moving off the gold standard, given the price. Then you have to take into account the pace at which they will do that. Then you have to take into account the price those providers have to pay for EPO on the patients and with the physicians for whom they still have to use EPO because not all their affiliated doctors are going to want to switch to a new and unproven drug. Then you have to take into account the fact that if a new drug successfully clears all those filters and how long it takes, you finally must incorporate the fact that, at that point, it is strongly in Amgen's long-term best interest to come back and work with us rather than become too noncompetitive because this is a very significant net present value drug for them no matter what because it's so important and so proven. So if you kind run through that gauntlet, then you can kind of answer your own question about what dynamics might exist 3 or 4 years downstream without me talking about exactly what the paragraphs of the contracts say. Is that helpful?
Unknown Analyst: Yes, it is. I appreciate that. That's helpful. Two other quick questions here. Did you guys, looking back in 2011 here, notice -- was there any noticeable increase in blood transfusions relative to what you've experienced in the past?
Kent J. Thiry: First of all, we don't have a good transfusion data, no dialysis provider does because we don't get to capture it. Almost all of that stuff happens outside our centers, and as much as we would love to get all that data, no one has an obligation to share it with us. So we look forward to working collaboratively with CMS, with Medicare in order to see if that's happening, and if so, to address it. As you know, doctors have this tough task in a world of very fluid science and very fluid clinical consensus on anemia management of, on the one hand, managing the risk on the downside, which means people get anemic and need a transfusion against the risk, on the high side, of having too high a hematocrit or hemoglobin and the potential for harm in that area. And so they have to balance those 2 and the exact science, an exact formula, is exact reality, exact analysis to drive a formulaic answer to that, that you can apply to each patient doesn't exist. And so you have thousands of docs out there using their best judgment to balance those 2 things. It's a long way of saying but hopefully, a helpful way of saying that we don't have the data. We'll work with Medicare to evaluate the data, and then we'll work with docs so that they can strike that balance.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And then last question just switching back to integrated care. Can you talk -- how do you see VillageHealth and DaVita Rx fitting in there? And what kind of potential synergies would you expect?
Kent J. Thiry: So the question was how will DaVita Rx fit into integrated care?
Kent J. Thiry: Right. Well, VillageHealth is, for those of you who don't know, the name of our integrated care group team effort, initiative, however you want to label it. And so it was founded based on the belief that one day, we'd be able to do truly integrated care. And in fact, it's the vehicle through which we've done the demonstrations and other analysis to show that it is the right path for American ESRD. So for VillageHealth, it is hand-in-glove if they give us the right architecture. And then DaVita Rx is a powerhouse capability that fits within it because once you're managing that total patient, you want to do integrated medication management. And that's what DaVita Rx does right now for our VillageHealth patients and would for any patients that came in under a pilot.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A few questions here. Could you just talk a little bit about your international growth plan? Obviously, you guys have chosen the route of de novo startups but I've been a little bit surprised that you have done a number of things across a number of different countries all at the same time rather than focusing on a couple of geographies. Can you just tell us your thought process around that expansion?
Kent J. Thiry: Very fair question. What has been safer to just go into 1 or 2 spots and focus and do that for a few years, stub our toes inevitably since we haven't done this stuff overseas before, so that would've been safer. We decided we would rather put incremental capital and talent at risk or in play in order to be more aggressive, recognizing we probably will make more mistakes, but in the end, hopefully put ourselves in a position where it's relevant sooner. In addition, in some parts of the world, we're worried that if we just sat out for the next 6 years in order to be conservative, that we would have significantly impaired our ability to become a leader or a co-leader, and so the extra cost and risk of doing more sooner has to be compared to the additional benefit if we pull it off.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I mean, I guess given that thought process and the willingness to deploy some additional capital, I mean, would you expect that 2012 might be a little bit faster deployment than what you kind of would've thought when you first announced this initiative? Or do you still feel like that kind of annual spend is the right spend?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, first of all, right now, things are so uncertain, and there's so many swing factors. Since we're so tiny in a number of these countries, that is very difficult to forecast. We talked about this year, we'd be in the neighborhood of a $20 million loss, and we were at about $22 million. Right now, if we had to estimate, we'd say that we'll lose in the high 20s in this next year. Now that's actually a disappointment because we wanted to be at the same level of loss. And for us, that kind of percentage difference in what looks like it's going to happen versus what we expected is really embarrassing and unacceptable but that's where we are, and it gives you some flavor for right now the variability in our performance and accomplishments since we learned our way into the international world.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Well, I guess what is the delta to that? Is that because you're doing more revenue and therefore, more losses? Are you saying that actually, the actual performance, at -- the revenue has been in line, it's just the performance on that revenue has been disappointing?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, I think that's a level of detail I won't go to since the forecast is still so lively for such a small chunk of the business. I think that level of detail just wouldn't be very educational for you. But it's the net number, so it takes into account the overhead spending and the actual operating revenue and expenses. And to start parsing through it when it's so tiny, I think could be really misleading precision.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then you mentioned that the VA rates were a headwind here, I guess, in the quarter. Are we now done with that? I mean, I guess obviously, VA kind of just come back and open things up again. But to your knowledge, are we done with that for the near term? Or is it more to come?
Kent J. Thiry: Appreciate the question. And first, I was just advised that I gave you some wrong information that our international losses in 2011 were $20 million, not $22 million, which then makes the difference between the high 20s in '12 versus our actual in 2011 even worse. And now that I gave you that correction, your question was what?
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It was the VA, and I guess you mentioned that was a little bit of a headwind.
Kent J. Thiry: I've got it. I've got the question. Now this was, "What is the answer?". It's hard to know what they might do when and how we might respond. So there's nothing dramatic happening right now. But I wouldn't want to say to you we think it's going to be stable all year because we just don't know. And on the one hand, we take care of a lot of vets and they don't want that to change. They, on the other hand, have a lot of power. So how it plays out, I just think giving a micro-prediction would not be helpful because it would presume a level of insight on our part that we don't have. Suffice it to say that we are investing a bunch and trying to develop a stable, high value-added relationship with them where both sides feel that we're at a reasonable equilibrium. Maybe we are there now, maybe not.
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then last question, I guess everyone's focused on budget deficits and when the next debt ceiling is going to be hit and what might be a result. I mean, how do you think about your ability to offset rate cuts going forward? I mean, have you -- do you feel like your business is kind of fully adjusted to the bundled rate? Or are there more opportunity over time to become more efficient that might allow you to help mitigate what seems like inevitable rate cuts to most sectors going forward?
Kent J. Thiry: I'd say 3 things. Number one, from an expense point of view, I think we're more or less in a post-bundle equilibrium. Number two, having said that, we strive for productivity improvements every single year. We always try to select some parts of our cost structure to focus on and see if we can innovate our way to savings. So when i say equilibrium, you need to evaluate the use of that word in that perspective. And then -- well maybe, I would just leave it at those 2 comments. Did I miss a part of your question?
Kevin M. Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: No, I think that covers it.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Gary Taylor with Citigroup.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: A couple of questions. I'm sorry, I must have missed right at the very beginning. I assume Luis kind of went through the change in revenue per treatment, sequentially, and obviously, the VA was part of that. Did you say the VA was the biggest part of that sequential decline?
Luis A. Borgen: Gary, let me repeat those phrases for you. The 4 factors that we cited were first, decline in commercial mix. The second one was at new lower VA rates. Those rates came into effect on 10/1 of 2011, and so we had the full impact in Q4 versus just 1 month in Q3. The third factor was a decline in physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals, i.e. utilization. And finally, we had a quarter-over-quarter decrease in the amount of revenue related to vaccinations. So those are the main factors that reflect all our drop from Q3 to Q4.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then the impact of pharma on the top line under bundling is what? Which pharma would be driving that?
Luis A. Borgen: It will be the unbundled contracts.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: On the commercial side?
Luis A. Borgen: That's correct.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And anything on just commercial bundled contracts in general? Any -- I know your competitors talked the last couple of quarters about some that has kind of weighed on sequential results moving unbundled commercial contracts into bundling. You guys haven't talked a lot about that. That doesn't sound like it was a material factor.
Luis A. Borgen: That's correct.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And on, Kent, just on your comment about the investigation. You were referring to Colorado, correct?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, sir.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, just want to make sure. And then on integrated care, I guess I have 2 questions. One, you would agree that the savings opportunity is on the incremental $50,000 or so of spend primarily, right?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And is there, I guess when we look at -- we only have the benefit as far as I know of seeing publicly the first 3 years of those demonstration projects, and we didn't see kind of what the savings amounted to in years 4 and 5. And I know for example, in the Fresenius data, they saved more in year 2 than year 1. They saved more in year 3 to year 2. I think they've implied to the markets they saved even more in years 4 and 5. So the question is, if this was rolled out, is there still the effect that the amount of intervention and integration you're doing means that the savings grow cumulatively? Or is it that you're learning through the 5 years of that demonstration and the savings upfront could be more impactful than were able to be demonstrated through the demonstration project?
Kent J. Thiry: Very fair question. Statement A, we have gotten better every year and that continues. Answer B, actually, in my mind, our way of learning has been disappointing, and we can get a lot better than we are. And so unfortunately, answer C is the impact, both because of the challenges of scaling and because we've not done as well as we should have in terms of being more creative, more aggressive, more innovative, that we've still got a lot more learning than I wish we had, enough to see great results, exacting results and be optimistic. But when you think about scaling it and executing, we don't give ourselves impressive grades for how well we've done in the last few years.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Do you have an estimate on that $50,000, what a reasonable savings percentage might be? Or do you not want to go there yet?
Kent J. Thiry: I don't think it's a good idea to talk about that.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Very last question. Luis, on the tax rate for '12, is that primarily state local income tax effect that's bumping that up a little bit?
Luis A. Borgen: Yes, it's 2 factors. It is partially state. It also has to relate with the international losses, deductibility of those. We can't do this in the current year, and so that puts up pressure on yields in the overall ETR.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I'm sorry, I lied. I have one more quick question. You talked about kind of the pharmaceutical run rate having stabilized. Any additional thoughts to subcu? We've seen some data suggesting some of the small providers have moved a little bit more towards subcu dosing on EPO. Where are you -- where's DaVita at in terms of considering the possibility of that?
Kent J. Thiry: I don't know of any significant movement among our physicians to use subcu, nor has there been any discussion that I've been a part of. So I don't have an answer other than probably there's nothing going on because none of our doctors are talking about it. If some of our doctors start to talk about that and move in that direction, we would certainly report back to folks. But I just haven't seen or heard of anything like it, and so that's where we stand.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions. I would now like to turn this call back over to the panel for closing remarks.
Kent J. Thiry: I'll just pick up on one issue that came up, which was Medicare rate cuts. That while it is true that we have a lot of Medicare patients and it's rational to expect that Congress may do something with Medicare rates, it is also true that we are about the most discreet health care service there is, with 85% to 95% of our centers freestanding. They only do one thing and all the expenses are submitted in a cost report to the government every year. We personally have about 150 centers that currently lose money as it is. And so in our segment, if the government will get inappropriately aggressive and cut rates, they could be faced with some serious center closures in centers that didn't have enough private patients to sustain the subsidy on the Medicare side. And so while all Medicare providers have to be worried about rate cuts, we, in some ways, have arguments of clarity of data and consequences of a mistake that other segments do not have.  With that final comment, I want to thank everyone for paying attention to our company, and we will do our best for you in the next 3 months until we talk again. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's DaVita Q4 2011 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-03 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Kim M. Rivera - Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Kent J. Thiry - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer LeAnne M. Zumwalt - Former Vice President of Investor Relations Luis A. Borgen - Chief Financial Officer Jim Gustafson - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Arthur I. Henderson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Joanna Gajuk - Banc of America Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good evening, and welcome to today's DaVita Q3 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to introduce today's host, Mr. Jim Gustafson. Please go ahead, sir.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, Keshia, and welcome, everyone to our third quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations, and with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Luis Borgen, our CFO and; LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. I'd like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statements. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and annual report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC, and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Thank you, Jim, and thanks to all of you, for your interest in DaVita. Third quarter, as you all already know, was a very strong quarter. We performed well in both the clinical and operating areas. I'll cover 4 topics: Clinical outcomes, government reimbursement, litigation and our outlook. First, clinical outcomes, which we always present first, because that is what comes first. We are first and foremost a caregiver company, serving approximately 138,000 patients. With respect to adequacy, which as many of you know is essentially how well we are doing at removing toxins from our patients' blood, this past quarter 97% of our hemodialysis patients had a Kt/V greater than 1.2. Second, with respect to vascular access, 69% of our patients have fistulas, the preferred form. And for these and virtually all other clinical measures, our patient outcomes compared very favorable to national averages. And this quality clinical care not only results in healthier patients, but also drives reductions in hospitalizations and surgical procedures, and therefore, significant savings to the U.S. taxpayer.  On to government reimbursement. Pretty obvious to everyone, there's a lot of pressure to reduce costs in Medicare. The bad news is that could mean, at some point, they reduce our rates, that would hurt. A little bit of silver lining in that cloud is that it could lead to increased acquisition opportunities at attractive prices, and it will generate more interest in our proven ability to reduce hospitalizations through our integrated care product. So we are not trying to argue that the bad news is masked by the good news, but there are some silver linings in that cloud, if and when it arrives.  And also, we have been talking with you for a while about our ongoing negotiations with the VA. This past quarter, we came to a significant agreement with them for new and lower rates. And these rates are effective October 1, and their impact has already been incorporated into our guidance for 2011 and 2012. We've been hearing some questions about whether CMS will rebase rates, and if so, when. And the answer is, well, at some point, they will and we don't know when. Typically, they wait 3 to 5 years, and would only be inclined to accelerate if there was compelling reason to do so, and we're barely 10 months into the bundle with an awful lot of dynamism still going on. And do keep in mind that when we entered the bundle, not only did we take the 2% straight haircut on reimbursement, but in addition, components of the bundled calculation were based on the lower of the different drug utilizations in '07, '08, and '09, not the exit rate, and so that was an additional cut. And then on top of that, you know that we've got the issues with the case mix adjustors, where it's impossible for us to acquire the information that they're requiring, thereby meaning we're not getting paid for case mix adjustments we should be paid for. Even in their own minds, although they have not relaxed the administrative standards. So the actual haircut we took was well above the 2%, that was obvious and linear, and we still lose money on Medicare on average. However, on average is not always the most relevant way to think about it, since across 1,800 or so centers is, of course, a portfolio of normal distribution of economic outcomes. Some are high profits, some are low profits, some are breakeven and some operate at a loss. And so when CMS looks to rebase rates, they have to wait for actual data, look at total reimbursement and also have to pay a lot of attention to not putting the very substantial percentage of centers that are operating slightly above breakeven or in that area, into a position where they get closed. And then finally, the government investigations -- or not finally, but the next to finally, the government investigations and litigation. Luis, our CFO, will provide more color. I'll just make a few important points. Of course, we take these matters seriously, always have, always will. But we are literally eager to get to have substantive conversations with the government. Unfortunately, that typically takes several quarters or even a couple of years for that to really start happening. And in the meantime, we just feel with the fact that they are interested in checking us out. As we've discussed before, if you look over the last 12 years in our massively regulated industry, our track record of compliance is well-established and very strong compared to virtually any other major healthcare service provider and many other healthcare providers, companies as well. Our business practices have gone through extensive internal and external review, and we work hard to create and sustain a culture of compliance at our company, as well as policies and systems to support that culture. We literally look forward to defending ourselves vigorously in all these matters. But I repeat, it always takes a long time. And In the interim we just all have to wait. We went through this a couple of times before in the 12 years, and it's no fun waiting, but there's nothing we can do about it.  Onto our outlook. We are raising our 2011 operating income guidance range to be between $1.125 billion and -- excuse me, $1.155 billion. This guidance excludes the noncash goodwill impairment taken last quarter, and we are maintaining our 2012 operating income guidance range from $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion. And this 2012 guidance incorporates the majority of the probabilistic outcomes based on our assessment of a myriad of swing factors. Longer term, there's just some important considerations to keep in mind. We have a strong nationwide position. This is a discrete, highly discrete healthcare segment, with discrete center-level economics. It's not a controversial service. There is consistent demand. Our outcomes are outstanding, and we are very well positioned to bring value to both private and public payers by reducing hospitalizations. And we're looking at increasing interests in that, although it's not something that one can use to get at a loan from a bank tomorrow, nonetheless, we all are reading the newspapers and know how focused people are getting on trying to reduce the overall cost of healthcare. Thank you. And I'll turn now -- turn the call over to Luis Borgen, our CFO.
Luis A. Borgen: Thanks, Kent. Before I discuss the quarter, let me say a few words about the government inquiries and the private civil litigation, all of which have -- we've previously disclosed. You have to forgive me, but given the sensitivity of these matters, I'll be reading these points. First, the 2011 U.S. Attorney physician relationship investigation. As we disclosed in August, we learned that our federal grand jury investigation is pending. As announced, we did receive a subpoena for documents in this matter. The subpoena was expected as part of the typical process in such an investigation. And it is the first request for information that the company has received in this matter. The scope of the document subpoena substantially overlaps with the previously disclosed 2010 U.S. Attorney physician relationship investigation, and appears to be limited to physician relationships. We believe this investigation is still at a very early stage. We are actively discussing the scope of the subpoena with the U.S. Attorney's office and cannot comment further. I do want to offer a few words about grand jury investigations in general. A grand jury is a way, by which the U.S. Attorney investigates and obtains evidence in order to determine if they want to pursue a matter. A grand jury does not determine the guilt or innocence of a person or company. As far as we know, there is nothing unique or unusual about the process here. The mere existence of an investigation does not mean that something negative must follow. No charges have been brought in connection with this investigation. Second, the 2011 U.S. Attorney Medicaid inquiry recently informed that the U.S. Attorney's office in the Eastern district of New York is looking into a Medicaid manner. A few points on this. Number one, we were initially informed that we would receive a subpoena, and that other providers in New York were receiving a subpoena. We then learned that in fact, another provider had already received a subpoena. Number two, thereafter we talked with the U.S. Attorney office, and agreed that we would provide documents without a subpoena. Number three, we do not know the time or scope of this inquiry. Other than it is regarding Medicaid billing for some non-EPO pharmaceuticals. We always take these matters seriously and intend to continue cooperating with the government. In all these matters, we are eager to share our practices with the government. Recently, there has been a lot of speculation on these matters. We advise you to read our disclosures.  Now let me turn to some discussion of the third quarter. We saw very solid trends in the quarter reflecting strong treatment growth, a slight improvement in revenue per treatment despite a decline in commercial mix and decreased cost per treatment due primarily to a decline in utilization of physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals. All of this resulted in continued strong operating income and cash flows. Here are some specifics for the quarter. Non-acquired growth was 4.6%, when normalized for days of the week. The dialysis revenue per treatment was up $1.56. The primary driver was an improvement in commercial rates and seasonally higher revenue for patient vaccinations. This is partially offset by a decline in commercial treatment mix and a decline in revenue from physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals. Dialysis patient care cost per treatment was down approximately $7 from the prior quarter due primarily to a reduction in utilization of physician-prescribed EPOGEN. A few words about physician prescribing trends. Some physicians have been adapting their prescribing practices to the new FDA label for EPO, and we are seeing declines in utilization. Management practices have been quite dynamic for the past few years, as physicians incorporate new research and perspectives in their prescribing practices. This evolution has been especially apparent this year as FDA has made changes to the EPO label and CMS has made changes to QIP, reflecting the emerging science. Physicians are still weighing the most appropriate practices that lead to good clinical outcomes, while ensuring that patients are not subjected to inappropriate risks from either maintaining too high or too low hemoglobin level. All this means, anemia management continues to be very dynamic and it is unclear where utilization will settle longer term. Our G&A was up $2.36 within the dialysis segment. This reflects cost for the DSI transaction and integration of about $9 million. Higher legal and compliance expenses in the quarter, and as previously reported, we expect G&A cost will be higher in the fourth quarter as we experience ongoing DSI transaction and integration costs, of a similar amount as in the third quarter, as well as increased expenses in several areas including legal and compliance, IT and continued investment in our international growth. Operating cash flow year-to-date was strong at $1.029 billion. We continue to expect strong operating cash flows this year, and are raising our 2011 guidance to the range of $1.02 billion to $1.1 billion. Given that, 2011 cash will benefited from the favorability in the timing of a number of working capital items, including the timing of cash tax payments due to bonus tax depreciation. We currently project that our operating cash flows in 2012 are likely to be flat or slightly down from this year. In the quarter, we deployed $46 million on development CapEx, $724 million on DSI and $52 million on other acquisitions. That's the DSI acquisition. The acquisition closed in early September, and the DSI centers are reflected in our numbers effective September 1. In the acquisition, we acquired 113 centers and divested 28 centers during the third quarter. We also divested another 2 centers on October 31, 2011. These divestitures are consistent with our previously disclosed estimates. We continue to forecast that 2011 operating income contributions from the DSI acquisition will be approximately 0, due to the transaction and integration costs in the third and fourth quarter.  Operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Gary Lieberman.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I was wondering on the grand jury investigation there was an article in the Denver Post today. If you guys had any comments on that article?
Kent J. Thiry: This is Kent, I have not read it. I guess, the only comment than I can make based on what I've heard about it, but again I haven't read it, is it is common sense that the value of a business can change dramatically if the market and our competitive conditions change, that's common sense. And of course, you guys see it all the time.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. And then, maybe if you could give us an update on how the negotiations with Amgen are going on the contract for EPO?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, Gary, you know the answer to that. I'd say, they're constructive and thoughtful and they continue.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just finally, it looked like you guys discussed the decrease in the cost per treatment. Is there any further detail you could provide us with? Is 100% of it due to reductions in pharma or is that some -- is there anything else driving the reduction in the cost per treatment?
Luis A. Borgen: For the current quarter Q3, that's essentially -- yes, it's primarily pharma, Gary.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Weight.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: With the revenue per treatment up sequentially here, and I know you referenced the managed care contracting, is it safe to assume the commercial contracting, a majority of that is already bundled in terms of the contracts?
Kent J. Thiry: We haven't been disclosing what percent of the portfolio is bundled versus not. It's just said that it's been going up steadily. And part of that, it's -- there's so many different metrics you can use to define the denominator, it gets really difficult, so it's continuing to increase steadily.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. As you look towards next year, outside of anemia management, can you give us any sense what other maybe levers that are out there to pull, whether it's looking at vitamin D, subcu or other areas in terms of potential protocol changes?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, first, predicting protocol changes is difficult because they're driven by changes in science and physicians' perspectives. So it's really a difficult one for us. Although of course, at any moment in time, we know what our docs are telling us. And right now, I don't know of anything our docs -- that our docs are telling us have major consequences. That could change if there's some new article or study. But at this point, we, at least, I don't know, have anything dramatic, our physicians are saying beyond the ongoing debate in the anemia area.
Matthew J. Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc., Research Division: Last question here, and then I'll jump off. Non-acquired growth, strong for the second consecutive quarter, outpacing your larger competitor there. Is there anything that you want to highlight to what's driving that, is this a sustainable kind of run rate do you think right now?
Kent J. Thiry: We hope so. But I don't think we're ready to sign up for that as a commitment. And relative to our competition, who knows it could be that we're carrying more centers that have a lower private mix or we're carrying more centers that are losing money. So any single metric can be a little misleading. But we're hoping we can maintain the current rate.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Lake.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First question, just a quick follow-up on the Denver Post article, is there any comments or you can give us in terms of whether you believe the Denver Post has it right in terms of this is the main crux of the issue, it's part of you understand that it's around this one joint venture agreement?
Kent J. Thiry: We know that they are not limiting their inquiry into that 1 transaction. All we know is that they're looking at a small number, but it's not just one.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, and then just one more question on those lines. It's in terms of having a transaction where you're selling a significant number of centers for -- because of some kind of market disruption, at a rate that might look unusual. Would you call this is a one-off or is this a single instance one of the handful or is this something that happens fairly regularly?
Kent J. Thiry: I can't comment on that specifically, Justin, it's just not in your best interest. But just generically, unusual things don't happen often, and so I just can't go any further and I can't really talk about this specific thing at all. Just want to go back to the common sense statement that, if there is a situation or scenario where there's a dramatic change in the market and our competitive conditions, then the value of a business can change dramatically.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Understood. Just next question on capital deployment. Curious if -- I noticed you didn't buy back much stock third quarter. Was there any reason for that, and could you buy back anything thus far in the fourth quarter?
Kent J. Thiry: Hold on one second, Justin, please.
Luis A. Borgen: Okay. Justin, we're considering several capital deployment opportunities. One of which is obviously acquisitions. That coupled with the recent volatility in the debt markets, we thought it would be prudent to conserve cash and deployment for potential acquisitions heading forward, so that's kind of how we're thinking about it.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. So right now you would say that you have an interesting M&A pipeline and therefore, you expect to build up cash over the next couple of quarters, would that be fair?
Luis A. Borgen: We continue to look at various opportunities, one of those we're deploying towards M&A opportunities.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great.
Kent J. Thiry: Justin, I think what led us to hesitate is just when you said for the next few quarters or several quarters or something, and since we look at our cash deployment as you know, with a great rigor every quarter, we get real nervous when you ask us to say what's going to be true 2 or 3 quarters down the line on that topic, because reality can change a lot quarter-to-quarter. So I think that's why you felt a little pause there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck.
Joanna Gajuk - Banc of America: This is actually Joanna Gajuk today for Kevin. Can you just clarify for me, I heard you said there was additional cost for a DSI integration of $9 million, and is that correct that you said you expect similar amounts in the fourth quarter?
Luis A. Borgen: In Q3, we had about $9 million related to transaction and integration costs for Q3, and in Q4, we expect a similar amount for DSI as well. Is that clear enough for you?
Joanna Gajuk - Banc of America: Yes. And on a completely different topic, I have actually a question about that selling negotiations. Because one of the proposal calls for a reduction or even a complete elimination of Medicare bad debt payment for providers. So the question I have for you is, whether it's actually impacting dialysis providers? And then if that's the case, how much money do you receive or have you received for example in 2010 for Medicare bad debt?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes, so the bad debt policy, if it were changed, could impact dialysis. And we just have not disclosed our range of recovery there from Medicare to date.
Joanna Gajuk - Banc of America: All right. Because when I was reading your 10-K, I found there is -- there was a disclosure about Medicare bad debt receivables of $46 million in 2010. That's obviously on the balance sheet, so the question I have is whether my estimation here is right, because this would be on the receivables, right? But then you have to consider Medicare payment cycles and also the process you have to go through to demonstrate to CMS that you actually tried to collect and failed. So is that fair to assume that maybe the revenue number would be something in the range of 3x to 4x of that reasonable amount?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: No. That wouldn't be a fair assumption to presume that multiple.
Joanna Gajuk - Banc of America: Would you be willing to share with us another multiple that's more appropriate here?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Let me tell you what it does do. For Medicare, the process under which we go through takes us 1 year to 2 to collect a bad debt, so I think that should be helpful for you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Frank Morgan.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions for you. On the DSI acquisition, I'm wondering if you could compare your organic volume growth there compared to your recent company averages disclosed in the quarter? And then secondly, on the VA contract, any more details? I think you mentioned pricing had dropped there, any level of magnitude? Or is it a -- is this more like a bundled payment contract? Can you just give me at least more details on how the VA contract works?
Kent J. Thiry: Let me hit the second one, and then someone else will hit the first. With respect to the VA, it's not in our shareholders' best interest for us to start talking about what the rate is, nor the structure of the rate. So we'll stay away from that to protect you. And as to the first question, I'll turn it over.
Luis A. Borgen: Yes, DSI is not in our non-calculation, it's acquired growth, Frank.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: But I guess, if you just looked at it on a stand-alone basis, was it growing volume at about the rate or the rate of growth organically that you are seeing?
Kent J. Thiry: I'm 90% sure that their neg was significantly lower than ours, the non-acquired growth that is.
Frank G. Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just with regard to your very strong same-store organic growth in the quarter, were there any particular pockets regionally, geographically, where you saw a better growth? And that's all I have.
Kent J. Thiry: There is always some element of differentiation, according to different segmentation including often, geographic, but we don't disclose it because that's competitively useful.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Ellich.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just [indiscernible] Hello?
Kent J. Thiry: Kevin, you were cutting in and out for us. [Technical Difficulty]
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: So on the share buyback, you guys repurchased, I think, $7 million this quarter. So are we currently at $350 million left on the buyback?
Luis A. Borgen: Our remaining authorization, Kevin, is $358 million.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: $358 million? Okay, got it. And then Kent, just wondering if you could give us your thoughts or commentary on the final Medicare regs that came out a couple of days ago. I think the market basket rate updates 2.1%. Should we expect anything more with the case mix adjustor given the size of your company? And then also thoughts on the QIP, that came out as well?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Sure, Kevin, it's LeAnne. You're right, we didn't receive a 2.1% update on the Medicare base rates. The transition adjustment as you know, stayed at 0 and they actually made no movement to help us with case mix. So we still will go into 2012, struggling to document those case mix adjustors. We plan to work with CMS on it, and I think they're open to solutions, but so far, it's not proven to be successful. With respect to the QIP, as you know, 2012 was finalized previously with 3 metrics. What this really address is really 2013 and 2014. 2013 will now be 2 metrics: URR adequacy and a greater than 12 hemoglobin measures. So those 2 were pretty expected, and they'll weighted 50/50. Into 2014, just to give you a little bit of color, if you want more details certainly we can do this offline. But there are 2 categories, there's going to be outcomes metrics and there's 3 in that area, which are URR hemoglobin greater than 12. And then a new measure, which is the combined catheter and fistula measure. Then there's another category, which is reporting and that's going to be worth 10% of the QIP dollars, and in reporting there'll be an infection measure, patient survey measure and then a calcium phosphorous monitoring if we do those. So that's pretty much the high level, would you like to ask a more detailed question?
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: No. I just generally wanted your thoughts, if you think these are good for you or I guess what's your take.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes, we won the 2012 payment rollers, pretty much what we expect, and I think as you would've expected. And moving forward into the QIP, I think there's still a few things that as we add more measures in 2014, we'll be working with CMS to improve. I think we very much agree on the principle of being paid for delivering good quality. The unfortunate reality is that the method that CMS can deploy right now is pretty simplistic, and there does need to be a more robust calculation, and we're hopeful that over the next few years, we'll be able to work with them to implement that.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Understood. Okay. And then just switching over to anemia management, wondering if you could comment on where your EPO reductions stands at this point. And then also, I believe in early October, the National Kidney Foundation put out some draft clinical guidelines that might actually suggest lower hemoglobin targets, just wondering what you thought about that, any comments?
Luis A. Borgen: Sure. On your first point on the EPO reduction. We expect it's very dynamic and so we don't exactly when it's going to settle out. We do -- the key is what the physician adoption is, and exactly how physicians are going to prescribe EPOGEN, relative to the label change and all of the emerging signs, so it's still very dynamic area for us, and we'll see where it settles out.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. Any commentary about the National Kidney Foundation draft guidelines?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Well, you hit on the head, they are draft. We will see where they finalize. Certainly, they were looking at and exploring a lower limit for hemoglobin. But I think it's best to just put that on hold, until such time that they're issued.
Kevin K. Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then the question here is, just wondering is there any protocol when you have a joint venture with physicians in determining the fair market value? I mean, I guess, do you use a third party, is that very consistent throughout the industry?
Kent J. Thiry: Hold, on one a second please. Yes, there's a protocol, but we can't go into any detail in a public conversation, given all the different litigation.
Operator: Your next question comes from Darren Lehrich.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Luis, I wanted to just go back to the comments about revenue per treatment. You guys have highlighted the case mix, rather the managed care mix, I should say. Can you just tell us where it was on a percentage basis? Or how much it moved sequentially, and what were the main drivers of that? Was it mortality? Was is it any kind of different dynamics in the quarter that you saw?
Luis A. Borgen: On the managed care mix, I'm assuming your referring to the commercial treatment mix, that was down quarter-over-quarter. And I can tell you that it's the same 2 factors that we've seen all along. Number one, is the macroeconomic factors, lower employment, less people who have higher paid insurance, and number two, would be our improvement in mortality rates.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And where is the mix at this point percentage-wise?
Luis A. Borgen: We don't disclose the specific percent.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Well, I think you have been disclosing the number directionally. I think we were headed at 1 point towards 11, or are we closer to 12? That would be helpful to us.
Luis A. Borgen: We're still rounding to 11%.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, your commentary about G&A costs, you highlighted the integration costs of DSI, I missed one other point that you made that was a factor. I think, obviously, international spend is in there. But was there another point that I missed, and can you just maybe go back to your comments about the rise in G&A?
Luis A. Borgen: Sure. So the key factors are, in addition to the DSI transaction and integration, it's legal and compliance spending, coupled with incremental IT and international. Those are the 4 key drivers of our G&A.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess just on international, I would love to get a brief update what new geographies you're now in. I think there has been fair amount of activity in Europe as well. And just can you update us in regards to the amount of spend that's flowing through G&A at this point in relation to the range that you put out, probably about a year ago?
Kent J. Thiry: On the geographies, Darren, we're thinking still that the less we talk about that, the better, since we're competing with folks. But suffice it to say, we're active in a few parts of the world and we've closed a couple little deals and we've built up a team that's significantly more coherent than the one we had 5 months ago, 6 months ago. And it's expensive from a G&A point of view. I think we're pretty much on track with what we said 9 months or 1 year ago, but I'm going to defer to others on that.
Luis A. Borgen: On the spend levels for 2011, our annual spend is expected to be about $20 million for this year. And now, it's a little more back-end loaded than front-end loaded in terms of 2011 spend.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Then LeAnne, I had a question for you. I know you've been talking about the inability to capture case mix adjustors, but I think at one point in the conversation, there was some progress that you thought you've been making. So if my memory serves me, you're leaving me with $2 a treatment on the table or somewhere thereabouts. Have you been able to cut into that number? Is it the same? Maybe just a brief update on the value of sort of what you're not able to capture this point.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes, the range would still be $1 to $2 per Medicare treatment that we're not capturing. We've made a slight amount of headway, but it's cumbersome and costly. We're really spending a pretty fair amount of what we get paid back in obtaining that documentation, so it's still a pretty costly process.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then my last question for you, is just any updated at all that you can provide on your ability or success to get paid for more frequent dialysis for home therapies with the Medicare contractors, is there anything new or different in terms of how you're finding success with that?
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: No, they're pretty status quo there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Andrew.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Given that we had expected DSI to hurt payor mix a little bit as you integrate that. And you commented that you did see a negative payor mix this quarter, could you isolate for us the effect of DSI, and talk about what trends you're seeing in the core business, if those accelerated, stayed the same?
Luis A. Borgen: There's a de minimis impact in the quarter, DSI only contributed to 1/3 of the quarter, given that we closed in early September. And what was the second part of your question, please?
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So on a full quarter basis then, the payor mix for DSI is not materially different than the core business?
Luis A. Borgen: We're not going to break out the DSI mix versus our core mix. I'd say it is immaterial to our results in the third quarter.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then is there any comments you can make on whether the trends on payor mix are getting worse or kind of stable?
Luis A. Borgen: It is declining. Last quarter, it was up. This quarter it was down, so it's hard predict where that's going to shake out.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: A couple of small ones, I think. The first is, I mean, given that you guys -- you raised your guidance recently in response to the lower pharmaceutical intensity after the label change, does it still make sense to you that '12 or the second half of '12 and 2013 would also demonstrate lower pharmaceutical intensity or is that too difficult to predict at this point?
Kent J. Thiry: Could you say that question again please, Gary?
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. I guess, what I'm trying to understand was the street, obviously, for a long time, has thought that movement to a bundle, where you'd see a change in terms of lower EPO dosing. And clearly the label change accelerated that versus street expectations. And I guess I'm kind of wondering if it accelerated it versus your own expectations. And does it make sense that, that trend would continue once we anniversary the second half of '12 and into 2013?
Kent J. Thiry: Well, first, it's just pretty hard for us to predict because we get hundreds, literally thousands of doctors out there reacting to CMS changes and guidance, reacting to the FDA label, reacting to the conferences they go to, reacting to the articles they read, reaction to what's going on in their patient population each month as they change their practices. So it's just very, very difficult to predict. We certainly don't think that there's going to be as big of a change over the next 12 months as the last 12 months, because that's not we're hearing from physicians. But to go a lot further and start talking about whether or not we can extrapolate this month's trend, we just can't. We just have no ability to do that. There's too much dynamism, too many doctors drawing different micro decisions about what to do with their patients.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Thank you. Second one is maybe for Luis. Excluding changes in pharmaceutical intensity in '12, what would be your underlying operating expense growth per treatment in '12, what would be a reasonable range excluding any change in Pharma?
Luis A. Borgen: That's a hard one to predict, because it's so integrated in our model.
Gary P. Taylor - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. And I guess it's primarily labor I'm talking about, so maybe we narrow it down to labor and it's a 2% year-over-year number or is there a reason to think if productivity it could be better than that?
Luis A. Borgen: Some people will try to strip out the numbers to answer your question, let me come to it in a minute or 2.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And my last one, if you wouldn't mind. Just a technical one. Did your -- given that you have a blackout around earnings reporting dates, did the pre-announcement on October 18, did that free you up I guess, from the blackout. In other words were you able to repurchase shares between the pre-announcement and today's full release?
Kent J. Thiry: I'll let Kim Rivera, General Counsel, handle that question because I don't know for sure what the answer is.
Kim M. Rivera: For a period of time, yes, that would have allowed us to repurchase shares.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Art Henderson.
Arthur I. Henderson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Luis, we saw an uptick this quarter in minority interest, and I was just curious if you could explain that, and what we should expect going forward with respect to that line item?
Luis A. Borgen: Sure, it's driven forward by 2 factors, increased profitability of our overall enterprise, and number two, a higher proportion of JVs as part of that mix. Going forward, you can expect it to be similar to our operating income as it was this quarter. That would be a good way to think about it.
Arthur I. Henderson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. That's helpful. And then, Kent, can you talk a little bit about commercial contracting dynamics? I know a year or couple years ago that was a hot topic, and just was curious what the current environment is when you go to the table with managed care. I know it's always difficult, but can you kind of talk about that a little bit?
Kent J. Thiry: The environment, I guess, its the same and different. It's the same in that, we've got lots of intense battles going on every single month of the year. In aggregate, things have been a little bit more stable the last 12 months, and the 12 months maybe 2 years ago or 3 years ago. But it doesn't feel like a trend to us. It just feels like a temporary relative low in the battle.
Arthur I. Henderson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. Going back to the cash flow, I guess, comments that you made earlier, I just want to make sure I understood this correctly. With respect to near-term cash flow deployment, you're saying that you're just building cash at the moment, I guess, looking at the fourth quarter, is that the way to sort of think about it near-term?
Kent J. Thiry: We did what we did in the third quarter, because it seemed like the right thing to do. And we haven't decided what we're going to do in the fourth quarter.
Arthur I. Henderson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Last one, just in terms of the DSI integration, I know you quantified expenses around that, can you talk about what you're doing right now with the DSI integration?
Kent J. Thiry: When you say what we're doing, let me take a stab at it, and then you tell me if I'm not being useful. The integration is going quite well. We've got to get everybody on the same IT platform, we got to get everybody on the same benefits and other human resource policies. We've got to rationalize reporting relationships, because some of their folks are going to switch and report into regions and divisions of old DaVita and vice versa. So that's the kind of integration stuff that's going on, is that responsive?
Arthur I. Henderson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes. That's why I was curious. And I assume that some of the IT integration takes longer than some of the other things, is there a way to sort of think about what gets done first? And I know they're all working in tandem, but anyway to think about that, Kent?
Kent J. Thiry: It does take longer, to be honest, I don't know when this one is scheduled to be done. I'm going to guess -- I'm just going to guess, 6 to 9 months. But somebody maybe will be able -- before the call is over to get the real answer, although we might not have it here at the table.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And you have a follow-up question from Justin Lake.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I just wanted to go back to my question originally around fourth quarter share repurchase. I can't remember if you actually answered that specifically or not, did you buy shares during that open window you had in the fourth quarter?
Kent J. Thiry: No, we did not.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just last question, any update on the potential for a greater bundle or an ACO-type of your payment for Medicare?
Kent J. Thiry: No. We continue to get some positive feedback, but it's nothing you can take to the bank. And back to the DSI IT integration question, its scheduled to be done by March. So 6 months since we started it.
Luis A. Borgen: And one other follow-up. Gary Taylor, I believe had a question regarding cost structure. The answer to that is you can roughly think about it as inflation growth, labor would have some productivity but all the other lines, think about growing with inflation, is that helpful?
Kent J. Thiry: Oh, he can't, Gary's not on the line, so he can't respond. And I'll go back to another point that someone brought up, I said I was 90% confident or some percentage confident that DSI had lower neg non-acquired growth than we did and we have that confirmed, theirs was lower than ours.
Operator: And your next question comes from Darren Lehrich.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a quick follow up. In the ancillary services strategic initiatives segment, it's still growing nicely. You did cross over to a slight operating profit here. Do you think that's the inflection point? Was there anything unusual to call out, that sort of got you over that hump? And should we be thinking about more consistent profitability over the next 12 months in that part? You've had guidance out there, so I'm thinking it's somehow incorporated into the guidance?
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, you're right, it's incorporated into the guidance. And there's no reason to expect anything dramatic there, one way or the other, because it's a portfolio of 5, 6, 7 little things. Some not so little, some quite little, some pretty pure R&D. And therefore, designed to be money losers versus others that are designed to get to profit, and some of them have. It's so tough to predict. But there's nothing dramatic going on, and it's incorporated in the guidance.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Kent J. Thiry: Operator, I guess that's it.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Well, thanks, everybody, for your interest. We will work hard for you until the next call 3 months from now. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: LeAnne Zumwalt -  Luis Borgen - Chief Financial Officer Jim Gustafson - Vice President of Investor Relations Kent Thiry - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc. Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Matt Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc. Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good afternoon, my name is Ali, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Jim Gustafson. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, Ali. And welcome, everyone, to our second quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. And with me today are Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer; Luis Borgen, our Chief Financial Officer; and LeAnne Zumwalt. I'd like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statements. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and annual report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent Thiry: Okay. Thank you, Jim. Second quarter was a strong one as most of you of have no doubt noted, both in terms of our results and our momentum going forward, both clinically and financially. I'll try to quickly cover 4 topics before turning it over to Luis: Clinical outcomes, government reimbursement, government inquiries and our outlook. First, clinical outcomes, which we always present first because that is what comes first. We are first and foremost a caregiver company, now serving approximately 131,000 patients. With respect to adequacy, which is essentially how well we are doing at removing toxins from our patient's blood, this quarter 97% of our hemodialysis patients had a Kt/V greater than 1.2. Second, with respect to vascular access, 69% of our patients have fistulas, which is the preferred form of vascular access. For these and virtually all other clinical measures, our patient outcomes compare very favorably to national averages. This quality of clinical care not only results in healthier patients but it also drives reductions in hospitalizations and surgical procedures, and therefore, brings significant savings to the United States healthcare system. Second topic, government reimbursement. Luis is going to report on a bunch of the details there but I'll just make 4 contextual comments. A, no doubt, downward pressure will be greater going forward than it has been looking backwards. B, nonetheless, dialysis centers are unusually discrete within the context of the Medicare program, with 87% of our patients being either Medicare or Medicaid and almost all centers being freestanding, which means that if government reimbursement becomes inadequate, centers close. There are virtually no parts of American healthcare where cause and effect is as clear. Point C, with all the pressure on government deficits, there's always the chance that over the next few years, MSP will be extended. And fourth, Point D, is that we have significant hopes that the pressure on government spending and the government deficit will finally get us over the finish line in terms of the government implementing a bigger bundle than currently, where we already have the proven ability to drive quality improvements and total cost savings for our patient population, if they only put in place the architecture for us to do it on a scale basis. Again, Luis will cover some of the government reimbursement details but those are some of the broader perspectives. The third subject, government inquiries. We did learn from the U.S. attorney's office from the District of Colorado that it has opened up a grand jury investigation. I'll make 3 specific comments and then 3 generic ones that you've heard before many times if you've been with us over the years. But the first specific comment is, it is clear that this is very preliminary at this stage. Second, however, we always take these things seriously and we look forward to cooperating with the government. And we mean that, literally, when we say that because we are eager to educate them as to exactly what we have done or not done. And then point 3, it appears there's a lot of overlap with subjects covered, particularly physician relationships, by the old St. Louis investigation, which was started in 2005. They looked into those subjects, spent time with us and it's been quiet for over 2 years. But separate from the specific comments, I'll make 3 generic points and again, I ask the forbearance from those of you that have been with us for a long time. We do thousands of transactions, including hundreds with physicians, and we work very hard to get every one right, technically and in terms of spirit. We are comfortable and confident with our business practices, and these practices regularly go through extensive internal and external review. And finally, none of those words would mean much of anything except our track record of compliance over the last 11.5 years is exceptionally well established and documented. And we did not design the system whereby instead of having discussions, the review process starts with publicly announced investigations, but we've dealt very successfully with that system for 11 highly public and transparent years. Fourth and finally, on our outlook. As our press release indicated, we are raising our 2011 operating income guidance to be between $1.08 billion and $1.12 billion. Importantly, this guidance does exclude the noncash goodwill impairment that we took this quarter. We are also increasing our 2012 OI guidance range. That new guidance for 2012 is $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion. We recognize that this is an unusually positive adjustment to guidance and as always, there is risk we could be wrong. But also as always, our guidance contains the overwhelming majority of probabilistic risk-adjusted outcomes. In addition to the fact that there's some one-time bundling and other adjustments that are going positively for us, our base business, the operations and strategic initiatives are in fact, going well, both in terms of near-term results and momentum.  I'll now turn it over to Luis.
Luis Borgen: Thanks, Kent. I'd like to start with a few words about government reimbursement. CMS released the preliminary 2012 reimbursement rule, which includes our first market basket increase, which was proposed at 1.8%. Also the transition adjustment, our bundle phase in tax, as we have referred to it, remains at 0 in 2011 and for the remainder of the 3-year transition period. Under the terms of the recently signed government debt deal, there is a scenario where Medicare rates to providers could be cut up to 2% a year beginning in 2013. This of course, depends on whether the super committee can develop an alternative proposal, which itself could also contain Medicare cuts. In other government reimbursement, 9 states have already reduced Medicaid rates this year, and California has passed a budget reducing rates 10% across-the-board to all providers. This California cut will likely be approved by CMS retro to June 1. We expect these Medicaid pressures to continue into 2012 as many states are looking at rate reductions and some are even looking to reduce or eliminate secondary coverage for dual-eligible patients. Also in the government front, the Veterans Administration is still seeking to recontract at lower rates. We continue to talk to the Veterans Administration in an attempt to come to agreement on mutually acceptable rates, which will likely be below our current VA rates. Now some discussion of our operations. We saw very solid trends in the quarter, reflecting strong treatment growth, improving revenue per treatment and commercial mix and solid cost controls. All this resulted in continued strong operating income and cash flows. Here are some specifics on the quarter. Non-acquired growth was 4.6%, normalized for days of the week, an improvement for 4.2% normalized in Q1. Dialysis revenue per treatment was up about $6. The primary driver was the Medicare transition adjuster fix. Also, we saw an improvement in commercial rates that were partially offset by declines in lab revenue following seamlessly higher lab revenue in Q1. It is notable that commercial treatment mix improved very slightly in the quarter. While this is good news, it is too soon to tell if this is the beginning of a trend. Commercial mix continues to be a swing factor, especially in light of the challenging macroeconomic conditions. Dialysis patient care costs per treatment was flat with the prior quarter, as increased compensation benefit costs were offset by seasonal declines in the payroll tax expense line. We took an after-tax noncash goodwill impairment charge of $14.4 million in the quarter. This is related to writing down the value of HomeChoice Partners, our Home Infusion business. We wrote down the goodwill because the performance of the business has declined over the past year, leading us to believe that at this point, the fair value of the business was less than our book value, thus, accounting rules mandate that we write down the value of the business. Despite this write off, we have seen some positive trends in the business. The business continues to be profitable and all of its growth has been funded with its own cash flows thus, DaVita has not made any additional capital investments beyond the initial purchase price. We still believe home infusion is an attractive market and HomeChoice is a well-positioned asset. Operating cash flow year-to-date was solid at $534 million. We continue to expect strong operating cash flows for 2011 and are raising our guidance range to $900 million to $980 million. In the quarter, we deployed $39 million on development CapEx, $70 million on acquisitions and additionally, we repurchased 3.5 million shares of stock worth $302 million, $25 million of which settled subsequent to quarter end. Finally, an update on DSI and international. On the international front, we are pleased to announce that we are now dialysing patients outside of the U.S. We are managing one center in Singapore and we have a minority stake in a company with 2 centers in India. As to the DSI acquisition, at this time we still expect to close in the third quarter. We're in the final stages working with the SEC on divestitures and they have determined that we will have to divest approximately 30 centers. We still expect approximately 0 net OI contributions from DSI in 2011 after transaction and integration costs. Operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Justin Lake with UBS.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: The first question I had was on the guidance change. If you could give us some color there in terms of any specifics on what the improving outlook is for 2012 -- 2011? And then for 2012, maybe you can break it down between the expected DSI contribution and the improving internal operations?
Kent Thiry: Yes, I'll give you a general, the reason we raised guidance for '11 and '12 are the following: Obviously, we have 3 more months under our belt this year and we've experienced solid operating performance. We've had our improvement in NAG of stabilization in our commercial mix. The second factor, Justin, is that we have more clarity in our 2012 reimbursement rate levels. Part A of that would be obviously the elimination of the transition adjuster fix. And number two, we have a market basket increase of 1.8%. Those are 2 additional clarifying factors. And third is the change of the EPO label, we believe, will lead to lower pharma utilization levels as physicians respond to the new label. Those are the 3 main factors that led us to increased guidance for this year and next.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: If I could just grab on to that last piece, the impact of the new EPO label. I think Amgen has put out numbers that indicate they expect this new label and the QIP associated with it to drive about a 10% decline versus their previous estimates in EPO dose. Just curious, your opinion on what that change might be.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Justin, clearly, it will depend on physician prescribing patterns and how they react to the label. But we don't think that estimate of 10% is out of line.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: And then just a couple of other quick ones. Commercial mix, you noted, improved slightly in the quarter. Any other detail you can give us there and what was the assumption here for the back half of the year '12. Did you move the assumption to now being flat to improving? Or do you still expect that to just continue trending downward and this is just white noise in between?
Kent Thiry: Our outcome -- our operating guidance assumes reasonable range of potential mix scenarios heading into the balance of this year and into the next. It was slightly positive in the quarter and that's how we can say. It's too early to determine that to be a trend.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: And last question on other ops. Can you walk us through that. The losses seem to be increasing. I assume that's a lot of international investment. So can you walk us through the increasing losses there, and if you could spike out how much was spent on international on the second quarter, that would be great.
Kent Thiry: Our second quarter G&A was up. It was due to various factors. One factor was international, which had increased spend for our plan through Q2. Another factor was the 123R expense. And the third factor was some increased spend on the legal and compliance area. Those are the factors year-over-year.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, and Justin, I think your question was more specifically to the other operating break out that we have in the supplemental data. That $25 million there was primarily the impairment charge looking in that line item.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: Sure. But even X that, it seems like it's gone up the last couple quarters. I'm just curious, is this a good international run rate for the year now?
Luis Borgen: I would say, no. We had guided earlier to about a $150 million operating income investment. Our best estimate now is it's closer to $20 million for the year and that is incorporated in the guidance for 2011, Justin.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Just one more clarification. The international operation for dialysis are in the Dialysis segment, they are not in the other operating lines.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: Got it. So international is not included in that other operating?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Ellich with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies: Just a couple of questions. Luis, just to clarify, the guidance in 2012 does include DSI Renal now?
Luis Borgen: Yes, it does.
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies: It does. And how much contribution did you bake in for 2012?
Luis Borgen: We're not breaking that out but it does include a full-year of DSI.
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies: And then thinking about -- just going back to the Amgen discussion, have you guys finished renegotiating your contract for EPO yet?
LeAnne Zumwalt: No, we're in discussion with Amgen.
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies: And have you given any color in the past about how long you would like to extend that contract?
LeAnne Zumwalt: We have not.
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies: And then looking at the non-acquired treatment growth, it picked up a little bit higher than what we've seen historically, the 4.6. Is that just normal fluctuation or is there anything driving that, do you think?
Kent Thiry: We think we did a good job executing and we hope it continues.
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies: And then, Kent, since I got you, what's your belief on the MSP extension? I know there is a lot of moving parts going on in Washington now. But what's the likelihood or what probability would you put on that and I guess over what time frame?
Kent Thiry: I think it's pretty impossible to handicap because employers are opposed for all the obvious reasons. They benefited from this unique subsidy for a long time. On the other hand, in the last 20 years, it's been extended a few times. So I think predicting in the current political and economic environment, a little bit of a fool's errand, it's not predictable. So it might happen, it might not happen. It might happen to some degree. Anybody's guess.
Kevin Ellich - Piper Jaffray Companies: Understood. And then just thinking about EPO utilization trends, Justin touched on this a little bit. But can you talk about how much lower you really believe it can go, maybe not getting too specific, but Amgen said 20% to 25%. Is that kind of ballpark where you think it will fall on?
Kent Thiry: No. We are making no prediction. The Amgen knows a lot more than we do. Perhaps, for us, we wait and see what kind of prescription decisions our doctors make in light of the new label and any other emerging conversations and evidence. So for us, we're just executing on physician orders.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Weight with Feltl and Company.
Matt Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc.: Curious on your comments, Amgen has made the comments they were not in favor of CMS's proposal to retire the matrix and QIP of penalizing less than 10 grams per deciliter. How do you -- just interested in your comments in that regard?
LeAnne Zumwalt: What CMS means, the clarification that they believed it was no longer consistent with the new label, so that's their rationale, and we would tend to agree with that. I think the reality is that there will be a hemoglobin level and range that emerges over the next year or so as physicians adopt this label change. And we'll wait to see what that is.
Matt Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc.: And then in terms of the proposed 2014 QIP, is there anything in particular the new proposed 7 matrix that give you cause of concern?
LeAnne Zumwalt: None of the major, specifically. But clearly, our concern all along has been CMS adopt standard definition and account for lab variations and things like, which they've yet to do. So we'll have to continue to work with them to improve the methodology.
Matt Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc.: Last question here. Any update from last quarter? You referenced difficulty in capturing all the keys in mix adjusters and quantify it as a $2 per treatment lost opportunity. Anything that you can even share with that?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Unfortunately, it continues to be a challenge and we are continuing the dialogue with CMS to understand how they can help us obtain that data.
Matt Weight - Feltl and Company, Inc.: And then last one here. In terms of your patient, can you remind me what percent of your patients are treated at home?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, about 10% between peritoneal dialysis and home hemodialysis.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Did the prior guidance include DSI or is it in there for the first time in both periods?
Kent Thiry: The prior guidance did include DSI for both periods.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Was there any significant change from what was in there previously that you can share with us?
Kent Thiry: No, it would be -- no changes that would be material.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: So it was about the same amount. And then, can you talk about any pressure that you saw on commercial, overall commercial reimbursement from any of the contracts that weren't bundled in the quarter due to former utilization or is that not an issue for you guys?
Kent Thiry: If you had a prior period relationship that was not bundled and so it was still fee-for-service, pharma separate from treatment, and if your pharma utilization went down, you would have revenue compression. But am I answering your question or not?
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Let me ask it in another way, so in the aggregate, did that dynamic negatively affect you at all in the quarter?
Kent Thiry: Since we have some fee-for-service private revenue, the answer is, yes.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Was the amount material?
Kent Thiry: I don't know. I guess again, we can get in debate as to what material is or not. It's incorporated in our results. And of course, we have other private revenue which is bundled and some reductions in utilization benefit, our economics, and so it's 2 different numbers and I think we'll just leave it that they're incorporated into our results. And we're very glad that we bundled a lot of the business that we bundled over the last 18 months.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then just on Medicare revenue per treatment, did it effectively go up for the change to the transition adjustment or were there any other notable changes to Medicare revenue per treatment?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Just the transition adjustment.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then finally, Kent, just your initial comments about seeing increased government pressure going forward. Can you elaborate on that at all? It would seem like the proposed rule was generally favorable and while I guess everyone is nervous about what Medicare reimbursement might be like going forward. Is there anything specific that led you to those comments?
Kent Thiry: No, nothing specific, just the same reality that we're all reading about in the newspapers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: Question, Kent, on your commentary in discussing the guidance. You mentioned that there were some one-time items or positives related to bundling and other adjustments in your outlook. Can you elaborate on that?
Kent Thiry: By that I mean, I just things like one-time changes in pharma utilization, things like that, as opposed to acquiring businesses or opening up de novos, which recur every single year and lead to incremental growth. Some of these other changes are recurring, but they only happen once.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: And the cash flow guidance for 2011 was raised a little bit more and operating income. Anything in here that makes 2011 not a good base if you think about 2012. Normally, I just take last year's number and add free cash flow -- I mean, add net income to this year's cash flow to get the next year outlook. Any reason why that's not a good analysis to do?
Kent Thiry: No, it's a good base line. As we go into the year, we may give you some more detail on that, but it's a reasonable starting point for 2012.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: And the company was very aggressive in share repo in the quarter, which is a good thing, I think. But you still have a lot of cash in the balance sheet even after DSI just because of the free cash flow. I mean, do you look out at the share repurchase in Q2 as a way to think about how you might deploy capital going forward or is there something during Q2 that make you feel like it was a better time to be in the market?
Kent Thiry: It's a very fair question and we'll give the same answer we have given for about 11 years now, that every quarter brings its own unique analysis to what we should do with our cash and with our net debt position. And all the generic factors go into it. What business opportunities we have, what business opportunities we anticipate, what we think is going to be happening with the capital markets, what we think is going to be happening with the government. So every single quarter is unique and we think that's the way we can serve you best.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then I guess staying on the capital deployment side here, any thoughts on the percentages -- field activity, any opportunity to pick up some asset, I assume, they'd have to divest?
Kent Thiry: Certainly, they will have to divest some and we would hope that we would get a shot, don't know if we will or not.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: And I guess just words of the deal, would you guys spend $70 million on deals? Is that a good way to think about it? Has the environment caused the one-offs to reconsider selling?
Kent Thiry: Could you say the question, again, please, sir?
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess as far as the acquisition outlook, are you seeing any change in the one-off providers looking to sell in the face of all the regulations going on right now?
Kent Thiry: I think the data suggests that there is an increase in the number of people interested in selling. But I'd have to go back and take another look and maybe somebody in the call will confirm it. We can come back and say that it's right. But if you look at now, the last 12 months compared to the prior 12 months, and then in particular if you compare it the last 24 months to the prior period, that the number of deals is up. And I've got a number of people nodding their heads up and down. So I think the answer is, yes, and a lot of that is because of the -- all of the regulatory uncertainty and pressures.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then last question here. Congratulations on the international expansion. I just want to get a little more color there. I mean one site and one market and a couple of sites and another market seems like a small footprint. Obviously, it's the beginning, but is there some way to think about that as if you put a flag in a market, there's a backlog of X sitting there behind them. How quickly should we think about these markets starting to grow?
Kent Thiry: Yes, again, very fair question. I'm afraid our answer is going to be pretty worthless because we're so new at this. That while it is true, we would not have started in either of those geographic areas unless we thought there was a lot more opportunity. We're not nearly competent enough at it yet to start predicting exactly what's going to happen when. So we continue to feel very good about the growth prospects, but we always have to immediately follow that by saying, this is a long-term strategy and that's not going to start probably adding to shareholder value for quite sometime, and so the time will tell.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Andrew with William Blair.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Maybe just if you could talk a little bit about the organic growth in the quarter for patients. It was a little bit above kind of our target for the population, generally. Was there anything in particular there that you saw that give you reasons for optimism they can stay at those sort of levels or might we expect it to drop back down?
Kent Thiry: When you say organic, I assume you mean non-acquired growth?
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Yes, sir.
Kent Thiry: And we do think we earned the number. We don't think it was a fluke, and we've been working on nudging it up. And so it's an earned number. Having said that, we're not sitting around saying that it's in the bag, that it's going to stay where it is. So we're continuing to pedal away with a lot of intensity, and so I'm afraid we can't offer up any distinctively bullish point of view going forward. Although certainly, our point of view is embedded in the guidance we gave for '11 and '12.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Okay. And then in terms of the cost side, I mean, we've had some checks in the field in terms of -- there's a view that there might be an opportunity for some facility consolidation in particular markets. Is that a path that you move down regularly or that you see as an opportunity?
Kent Thiry: We are always open to consolidating facilities when it makes sense. It doesn't happen very often, only a few times a year. In a lot of those instances, it's only because one center is quite old and would require a whole bunch of renovation. And so I don't see anything that's going to lead to any material increase in that happening over the next year or 2.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Okay. And then finally, on the reimbursement side. You discussed the pressures as kind of growing a little bit on the privates in Medicaid and the VA. Is there a time frame that you think about perhaps some of these issues can be clarified and you'll have visibility? Or is this more of a just terribly durable process there's no getting away from and you're just trying to manage it as you go along?
Kent Thiry: It's a fair wording of the question. It's much more of the second category for the first. It's impossible to predict, in some of these cases, not only what the resolution is likely to be, but when it's likely to be resolved and we just persevere.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: And again on the private side, is there a geographic kind of localization? Is it national? Because we've heard a fair bit of variability from market checks in terms of where it is growing. And are you seeing that spread?
Kent Thiry: Could you go ahead and ask that one again so I don't ramble in responding?
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Sure. We've done specific checks where certain geographies, say, California paid private rates very close to Medicare, and other geographies like the Northwest pay multiples of them in terms of the privates. So are you seeing the pressures on the private side expanding geographically to regions that are historically have been strong? Or is this a national issue that's growing in importance?
Kent Thiry: Well, first of all, we talked about downward pressure when we're talking about Medicare. I don't know that we implied at all about any particular difference in what's going on in the private side. And on the private side, I would say that the pressure we feel there is the same that we've always felt, no more or no less. Some years we do better in fighting it than others, but there hasn't been any demonstrable change in that sphere in this quarter versus other recent quarters. And then I guess building on that with respect to geography, while there are differences in average revenue per treatment across different geographies, even though within every geography there's quite a spread of rates, nonetheless, the average rate per geographic area can be quite different. We have not picked up on any sort of systemic new trend in any particular geographic area.
Operator: Your next question comes from Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: A couple of things. I wanted to just ask about cost per treatment first. I think, Luis, you mentioned in your script increased benefit costs relative to maybe last quarter. I know the payroll tax starts to wane. But can you just maybe give us a little bit more there? Was that -- anything unusual relative to medical costs in the period? Or is this a benefit cost that's going to carry with you in the next several quarters as well?
Luis Borgen: There was nothing unusual on that. We do have fluctuations quarter-to-quarter in how the claims come in, and therefore, how much expense we have to book. But the patient cost per treatment was relatively flat as we had guided previously.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then if I could just ask about Lifeline and DaVita Rx, I mean, one question I had just on Lifeline is, we obviously had a big transaction announced yesterday in the access market. What's the business model that you guys have there at this point? Is this still a management model or are you tweaking that? I just wanted to get a brief update on that. And then anything you could say about DaVita Rx by way of an update in terms of its performance would be great.
Kent Thiry: With respect to Lifeline, we're still primarily a management model. And with respect to DaVita Rx, it continues to grow. It continues to have some profitability, and it continues to add a lot of clinical and service value for patients and savings for the taxpayer.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: What is the run rate at this point in DaVita Rx?
Kent Thiry: I don't think we've disclosed that. So if I do it spontaneously, I'll probably get lectured after the call. So let us reflect and see if we need to start parsing that out for you.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then as it relates to international, I think Kevin really got most of it. But in India, with this minority stake in a company, can you just maybe give us a little bit more insight into who or what that local partner is? Do they have experience in the marketplace? Or is this a completely new entry for both of you into the country?
Kent Thiry: Okay. Maybe I'll preface the answer by just saying that there isn't anything that's economically material that is likely to happen in India for our shareholders for a long time. However, if you look 7, 8, 9, 10 years out, we think there is significant prospects for that, but it's a long time for all the reasons that you could list as well as us. Having said all of that, the answer to your specific question is it's a small startup company, and the primary owners of the company are experienced business people and they're running a couple of very high-quality centers, particularly in the context of the overall Indian reality. And some are looking forward to hopefully some very nice growth there, but it's obviously coming off an incredibly tiny base, and the revenue per treatment is quite a bit smaller than America.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: Sure. I get that. Last thing just, LeAnne, the anemia management metrics, we usually get those in the releases or these calls. I'm just wondering if you can help us with that?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, with the changes in the label, I think we're definitely going to see some movement in hemoglobin, et cetera. The stat that we've historically provided is our percent of patients between 10 and 12, and that's remained really pretty constant this year at about 79% of the patients.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Taylor with Citigroup.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: A couple of questions. I noticed that bad debt ticked up a little bit sequentially and year-over-year. Would you just attribute that to general economic conditions? I'm just a little curious why we didn't -- we haven't seen that maybe a year or so ago, but curious to your thoughts.
Kent Thiry: I missed them, sorry, Gary. What ticked up a little bit year-over-year?
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: I think bad debt as a percent of revenue ticked up maybe 30 bps sequentially and 20 bps year-over-year. Not a big movement, but it's been a pretty stable number for a couple of years.
Luis Borgen: Yes, we did increase that by 25 basis points in the current quarter, and that's our new run rate going forward as we look at the portfolio and how those receivables were coming in. We thought it was appropriate to reserve at that higher level, which is about 25 basis points higher than the prior quarter.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: And I mean, I know it's a small change, I don't want to belabor it, but it sounds like your commercial mix was a touch better. So I guess presumably in some of that commercial mix, there's still movement towards higher cost sharing. Would that be a component of this change, or am I overthinking it?
Kent Thiry: Gary, could you run that one by us again? We're all a little -- we all have quizzical expressions on our faces on this end.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Yes, I guess I'm just thinking what would be the factors driving slightly higher bad debt. At this point, you've had some pretty adverse payer mix shift for a couple of years, and now it sounds like you were saying your commercial mix was a little better this quarter. Some I'm just wondering if even though commercial mix is getting better, within that mix, is there higher cost sharing by the patient that is probably driving a higher co-pay, or am I just over thinking 25 basis points here?
Luis Borgen: Yes, it's a long revenue cycle. We're looking at a big portfolio. We're very thorough processing exactly what the right level is, and we determined this quarter that the 25% to the 25 basis point increase is the appropriate level to reserve that. But it is a very multiyear revenue cycle.
Kent Thiry: In other words, Gary, I don't think we have any single hypothesis about a particular change in the environment or our mix or our operating performance. It's -- and maybe one will emerge. Right now, all we have is that slight change in our aggregate outcomes reflecting, and therefore, leading to an accounting change. Maybe we'll be able to say more in another 3 months. But in the meantime, it was just clearly something we should do given the aggregate result.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Got it. My last question is just around this Colorado investigation. Can you help us maybe understand? I know in some states, grand juries are required, some states they're not. It doesn't sound like there was just a subpoena from the U.S. Attorney here initially but kind of straight to grand jury may be that will be the tool to compel some document production. But is there anything in your mind that differentiates why this is a grand jury investigation as opposed to just a subpoena from the U.S. Attorney's office?
Kent Thiry: Unfortunately, we've told you just about everything we know. It's very preliminary, and we're eager to get some time with these folks and find out more about what they're thinking and let them find out a lot more about practices and our compliance standards. But right now, we pretty much know nothing.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Okay. Do you happen to know if a grand jury is required in Colorado, or is that -- or not necessarily?
Kent Thiry: I do not know.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of John Ransom with Raymond James.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Is there any interest at all from commercial pay at more of a global type of sub capitation? And if not today, do you think any time in our future that will start trending in that direction that you manage the whole patient and take all risk?
Kent Thiry: John, this is Kent. In our dreams, yes; in our plans, no. It may happen -- because of the 30 months rule and therefore, private payer's ability to have these patients shift to Medicare, their incentive to invest in the kind of things that could significantly save money and improve quality are really limited. And so, yes, we continue to talk with some people about it. But the fact that the patient base is so small, so fragmented and so short term means that they typically end up wanting to allocate their management resources to other tricky deals, not ours. I want to go back to the first thing I said. We have hopes, and we're getting better and better at proving how much value we could add on both the private side and the Medicare side every single year. But unfortunately, I don't think there's anything material and imminent for you guys.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Right. And my second question would be, if you were some sharp, young analyst at CMS and you were looking at the bundle, what would you think you would say prescription uses -- with the new label and with the industry behavior changes, how do you think prescription uses change relative to the assumptions that went into the bundle when they were designing it 12, 18 months ago?
Kent Thiry: All right. Now say that question again. Are you asking us how we think the actual results have matched up to what they predicted 1.5 years ago?
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yes, in terms of -- I mean, it seems to us like pharma uses a good 10% or so, 10% to 15% or below maybe what was predicted, particularly with the label change, and not just DaVita but industrywide. And so the concern would be that they take another bite at the apple and redesign it based on reality today versus what was predicted. But I don't want to tilt at windmills if that's an unreasonable concern.
Kent Thiry: Yes, I think the only honest answer to that one is we don't know how they're thinking about that. And we do know that no one knew what was going to happen and that there was an incredible confluence of a policy change, meaning a move to bundling, and a whole bunch of new scientific evidence and new clinical debates and in many cases, conclusions. And so there was this totally -- not totally but largely coincidental confluence of major changes. And trying to separate out what happened for one reason and what happened for another reason is pretty impossible. And I'd also go back to saying no one knows exactly what they predicted. And I doubt that they could have had any basis for really making a prediction. So I think it's just unknowable. The fact is as long as Medicare revenue is less than Medicare expense, they've got to be very careful about cutting Medicare reimbursement because centers will close. And so independent of what's going on with any one variable, they've got to end up looking at the aggregate. And it remains the case that if it was only Medicare reimbursement out there, you have hundreds and hundreds, well, literally, thousands of dialysis centers closing. But a very fair question. We just don't know the answer.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And I guess my -- I don't expect you to answer this question, but maybe conceptually how you're thinking. If I'm DaVita, why would I have any managed care contracts, assuming you get through the cycle and things are always moving? But if I look a year out, 2 years out, why would you have any managed care contracts that weren't bundled? So that the incentives are all kind of in the same place between private and public payers?
Kent Thiry: Because there's some payers who don't want to bundle or don't have the ability to bundle, and they don't want to allocate the IT resources or operating resources to change to a new system.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And so it would be more resistance on their end than your end at this point, I would say.
Kent Thiry: Absolutely. And sometimes there's differences in data that you talked about bundling with someone, and they think they're paying a certain amount and we think they're paying something else because it's spread across different states and different billing systems and all the rest. And so even if you agreed conceptually on neutrality, so to speak, you can't achieve it because you have different definitions of what reality is. That will just be another real-world answer to the question that you asked.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andreas Dirnagl with Stephens.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Kent, actually I just want to follow up on one of those questions just now in terms of -- given your experience with CMS over the years and sort of insight into how they think, have you ever seen them be concerned with sort of specific fluctuations in margin? Or are they more concerned with, specifically, what their spending, in other words, the budget? In other words, are they going to look at margins in the industry maybe going up? Or are they going to look at the fact that their spending went down 2% year-to-year?
Kent Thiry: Andreas, very fair question. My experience is they periodically look at both. So they will look at aggregate results. But they know that the average margin for a Fresenius or for a DaVita or for any one is different from their distribution of margins. So we are still sitting here with -- I'm not going to get the number exactly right up -- 150 centers that are losing money. And at some point, if Medicare economics become worse, we have to give up on a fair number of those. While at the same time, clearly on average, we are profitable. So A, they do look at margins overall, but they recognize that margins are an average. Second, they do look at performance versus budget. And the fact is the new science, combined with the incentives and innovation prompted by bundling, have led to some nice savings versus the baseline that used to be on and that does make them happy as it would make you and I happy if we were in their shoes. Is that helpful?
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Yes, actually quite. And sort of maybe building on that, sort of moving back to DaVita for a second then. If you look at the work that you and even the rest of the industry have done, a lot of it and a lot of investor questions are always centered around EPO utilization. I wondering, can you give any color on sort of other areas that you're potentially looking at? I mean, are we going to see potentially sort of some slight margin increases coming from putting pressure on other drug manufacturers? Are you looking at labor productivity, improvements that you can push through now that you're really motivated with this fixed price reimbursement?
Kent Thiry: Well, on the labor side, Andreas, if I'm understanding the question, we were bundled before since all our labor costs were captured in the bundle of the prior dialysis treatment amount. So I'm worried that I might be misunderstanding the question. Can you come at it again?
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Well, I'm just thinking, you're -- clearly, you and the industry are now spending a lot of time thinking how can we reduce our cost across the board. And I'm wondering whether that focus, whether it be on other drugs beside EPO, whether it be on labor or even some other things I'm not thinking of, whether that sort of renewed focus is bearing any fruit in terms of saying, "Okay. You know what? We could be more efficient here."
Kent Thiry: Okay. I would say, yes. There are other areas where we've been able to innovate, and those successes or the expectations of those successes has been baked into our guidance which we discussed earlier. And this is also why at the top of the call, I talked about 1 of the 4 important government contextual factors being our desire in the increased chance of getting an even broader government bundle that will start to incorporate things like vascular access or some other items that are outside the current dialysis bundle. But we are confident that if we were given that revenue and that accountability, we could come up with better ways of doing it. And so yes, there are some successes and they're baked into the guidance. And yes, we hope the bundle gets broader yet, so we can do more of that.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Okay. Great. And then just maybe before I move on to Luis, quickly. I'm just curious, Kent, and again, in the international arena, again, a single management of a single clinic in Singapore. You've got 2 footprints in 2 clinics with a minority interest in India. I'm kind of curious, first of all: A, who you've chosen to kind of run this operation and run the investigation? Are you taking someone, an existing DaVita person and kind of moving them to Asia? Are you looking to local talent so to speak? And then quite bluntly, at this rate, how do you expect to spend $20 million on this, this year?
Kent Thiry: Yes, Andreas, and we do recognize the ratio of overhead dollars to treatment is a little hefty right now. We have hired a local executive based in Singapore, a former American Express executive. He starts, I think -- I think he started yesterday or the day before. And we have other people on the ground in a couple of different places around the globe, including that equity investment in India. And so right now, of course, we have -- we labor under tremendous diseconomies of scale, not only because the operations are small, but the legal expenses and compliance expenses are very, very high as we get to know each new market and its regulations. So it's going to be pretty closely inefficient for a while, and this new executive is, hopefully, going to drive enough growth so that in X number of years, we can manage the fixed cost infrastructure to your satisfaction. Am I giving you the information you want, or am I missing the boat?
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Well, I think so. I think mainly -- let me restate it and see if I'm understanding it correctly. Basically, you have an infrastructure and are building an infrastructure that is disproportionate to the number of clinics that you're either managing or have an interest in at the moment, and it's not just people on the ground in Singapore and India?
Kent Thiry: That is true. But one big qualifier, most of the losses that you're seeing are not because we've got legions of people lined up taking care of a smaller number of patients in 1 center in Singapore and 2 in India. It is because of very high legal, regulatory and compliance expenses associated with getting started. So a whole lot of those expenses are not recurring in that sense once we get our local entities set up in a legal fashion, once we get our deal templates down. Now those nonrecurring, deal-related, legal-related and compliance-related expenses will go down. But at the same time, assuming we're adding a whole bunch of centers, the actual recurring operating expenses and G&A expenses will go up. But the good news is they'll be going up because we're running dialysis centers, not because we're paying a lot of attorneys for a lot of hours of work.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Great. That actually clears it up quite a bit. It's very helpful. Just one quick 1 or 2 for Luis then. Luis, whenever you talk about the guidance for 2011 and 2012, you've been very clear that your estimate of 0 OI contribution from DSI for 2011 is net of transaction and integration costs. Have you made a decision as to whether or not you're going to be breaking those out? And if so, were there any one-time transaction or integrations costs in this quarter?
Luis Borgen: We -- our plan is to break those out next quarter once we firmed those up. We have very little that we've taken in so far, so not really material to the results.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Okay. Great. And then finally, in your discussion about the sort of government reimbursement outlook, you talked about a number of states reducing rates including, potentially, in California of 10%. You also talked about the VA rates. Can I assume that those are incorporated in your guidance with your normal sort of probabilistic outlook?
Luis Borgen: The answer is yes. We've been very thoughtful about the range of outcomes for both '11 and '12 on that point.
Operator: And sir, you have no further questions at this time.
Kent Thiry: Okay. Well, thanks to everyone for your attention to our enterprise. We were very content with the quarter, both in terms of its results and its momentum both clinically and financially, and we will do our best in the quarters to come. Thanks, again.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: LeAnne Zumwalt - VP of IR Unknown Executive -  LeAnne Zumwalt -  Luis Borgen - Chief Financial Officer Jim Gustafson - Vice President of Investor Relations Kent Thiry - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Market Brian Zimmerman Unknown Analyst - 
Jim Gustafson: Hello, ladies and gentlemen, I'm Jim Gustafson, DaVita's Vice President of Investor Relations. And I'd like to welcome you to our Q1 2011 earnings call and our 2011 Capital Markets Day. For those of you in the room and for those listening online, thank you very much for joining us.  First, I'd like to go through our forward-looking statements. We will make some forward-looking statements today. I'm putting up slide here that is also available on the WebEx and will be available as PDF afterwards. And I suggest that people take the time to read this. Also, we'll be making some non-GAAP statements and the reconciliation to those non-GAAP statements will be available online as well. So today our agenda will be first to go through the overview of our Q1 results and then to discuss an overview of the company, some investment highlights, business fundamentals, go through the financial review and then finally, summarize it all. So with that, to go over our Q1 results, I'd like to introduce, Luis Borgen, our Chief Financial Officer.
Luis Borgen: Thanks, Jim. Good morning. Welcome to our capital markets day. Okay. Treatment growth was 7.2% compared to Q1 of the prior year. Our non-acquired growth was 4% when normalized for the calendar it was 4.2% this is to the greater proportion of treatments that occurs on Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays. The non-acquired growth in Q1 was consistent with the most recent quarters.  Our Q1 revenue per treatment declined by $44.72 sequentially, the primary drivers were reduced Medicare reimbursement rates due to bundling, declining utilization of physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals and the commercial mix, which continue to decline. The rate of decline did moderate in the quarter. Remember, this mix decline is a combination of decreased mix of new private patients due to the economy and improved mortality. This is partially offset by improved commercial rates. Our patient care cost treatment decreased $1.59 sequentially. This sequential decline was primarily due to the reduced unit cost and utilization of physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals. Our Q1 patient care cost represents a good baseline for 2011 at this time.  Moving on to our bottom line results. Operating income was $236 million. It was down 3% due to implementation of lower Medicare reimbursement, prior to the transition adjustment fix. EPS for the quarter was $0.96, down about 8% year-over-year. Along with a lower operating income, EPS was also impacted by higher debt costs as a result of refinancing last fall.  Q1 was a very strong cash flow quarter, operating cash flow was $330 million. This was favorably impacted by a couple of items. Number one, we had certain favorable working capital items going our way. And number two, the timing of our semiannual interest payments on a bond, which typically occurred in Q1 and Q3 are now in Q2 and Q4. Moving on to operating income guidance. Now that we have one quarter under our belt and have some clarity on our transition adjuster fix for 2011, we are providing OI guidance for 2011 of $1.40 billion to $1.1 billion. This incorporates the recent transistor adjuster fix and DSI, which we expect to be approximately zero OI contribution in 2011, net of transaction and integration costs.  Our initial 2012 guidance is from $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. This includes the net expected OI contributions from DSI. Some of you may be surprised by the low end of our guidance. We've not usually give guidance this far out, but the recent changes that we've seen in reimbursement and our cost structure we thought it was appropriate to give you a sense of how we intend to grow off this new baseline. There are four variables that could negatively impact operating income and put it at the lower end of guidance. Number one, commercial mix has and continues to decline and may continue to do so in the future. Additionally, we face rate pressures from the VA [Veterans Affairs] and state Medicaid programs. And finally, we may accelerate our investments in our International business should we identify the right opportunities. We may update guidance as we have more clarity over the next six months. Moving on to our 2011 cash flow outlook. I want to take a few minutes to walk you through our thinking with respect to our cash flows for this year. First, we expect maintenance CapEx to be approximately $240 million. Our distributions to joint venture partner should be approximately $100 million.  Let me step back a minute. Our operating cash flow guidance for 2011 is $840 million to $940 million. Once you take into account the maintenance CapEx and the NCI distribution, this would imply a free cash flow guidance of $500 million to $600 million. We anticipate spending at least $150 million on development CapEx. In addition, we will spend about $690 million to acquire DSI. And finally, we expect to have about $70 million in mandatory debt repayments related to our term loans. In this scenario, we would see approximately a $310 million to $410 million reduction in our cash balance this year. So what does this all mean for available cash. We started the year with $860 million. I just walked through our changing cash. So we expect the reduction of $310 million to $410 million. And year-to-date, we have acquired about $80 million through acquisitions and about $100 million of share repurchases. So on a net basis, our remaining cash should be approximately $270 million to $370 million before any further acquisitions or share repurchases this year. Thank you. With that I want to introduce our Chief Executive Officer, Kent Thiry.
Kent Thiry: Okay. Good morning, and welcome to those of you who are new to DaVita, and particularly welcome to those of you who've been with us for a while. The categories are pretty much normal ones. We'll try to move crisply as we always do so that we can spend much intense time as you would like on as many questions as you would like. It's important that we always start with a mission. We are first and foremost a caregiver company. In the end, if we're to choose between serving you, the shareholder or you the potential patient or your mother or father is the potential patient or your brothers or sister, we choose the latter as our first priority. And it's important for people who know that going in. This is what the house looks like. If anyone has been in for a while, I would have dropped by sooner, please do what we can help set that up. I would like you to know that in addition to kind of generate returns we're doing really good things for fellow human beings. This is a typical center except for the fact it's really clean. We have about 1,650 of those right now. And here is a typical matured center, just so you get a feel for the operating reality across those 1,642 places. Here is the totals. Once we close DSI, we'll be a tad over 30% in national market share.  So now under the investment highlights. So what we've tried to do here is if we were you and had to come to this meeting or listen to this WebEx then go back to your partners and describe why would you invest or would not invest. We try to get to the right point so that we essentially afford you that summary. Hopefully with the right backup behind the assertions. From an industry point of view, so forgetting DaVita except for the fact that hopefully over the last 12 years, we play a significant role in shaping the industry. As we have said for a long time, as we are leader in the industry, job one is to protect the profit pool, and job two is to fight over it. And many industries when leaders forget job one, they end up fighting over a price that's not worth very much in the end. So we spent a lot of time over the last 12 years, trying to make sure there is sufficient capital attractiveness in the segments so we can continue innovate care and provide more access, simultaneously providing return to you. So the government gets the return, the patient gets the return as do you. So in that context, what are the industry highlights? This is a summary, and we'll briefly step through each of these assertions. They're quite different in total for most healthcare service segment service in America or the world for that matter. On the demand side, there a few areas as regular and as predictable of demand. There's no clinical controversy, minus a little bit of discretion though, where exactly -- when you started out this patient. There's no real clinical ambiguity but we need it. There's nothing dramatic going on within the foreseeable timeframe around transplant, although we always hope that will change from a clinical point of view. It's not cyclical. It's not seasonal. Physicians have a lot of loyalty to its centers and to a company in many cases, not all patients have a lot of loyalty to the centers and physicians as there are very limited therapeutic alternatives. And then if you look at the demographic trends, the elderly and Hispanic and Afro-American populations are those, which are disproportionately prone with kidney failure and they, of course, are also the highest segment in America. So as we've said for years during the demographic jet stream of American medical care. So demand is stable within most of your investment time horizons. Looking backward instead of forward, you can see that those words that we're saying are true now have been true for sometime. From a cash flow point of view in part because of that demand in part because we're a low-fixed cost business, I want to remind you that what it takes to build a center from scratch, several hundred thousand of dollars lethal improvement, several hundred thousand dollars in equipment, which can be pulled out and use elsewhere, several hundred thousand of working capital losses until you reach breakeven that can also be pulled out if you're working down your receivables if you ever put the center in. So you're only making capital is really the leasehold improvements and whatever lease you signed.  So relative to revenue flows and cash flows and great level of fixed cost base and most of our capital investment with periodic opportunistic exceptions like when we bought Gambro 5 years ago and DSI right now, most of our capital investments are quite small in incremental. It is just incredibly important that most of this community is investor-owned because in our world of American health care it's an unfortunate reality that for 87% of our patients which are government-paid, we actually lose money, like 82% Medicare, 5% Medicaid. And so that remaining 13%, actually 11% to 13% depending exactly how you want to cut it, much subsidized the other 87%. None of us will design the healthcare system this way. It's not appropriate for the government to regulate our cost control in our segment because it's just a massive cost shift. But from an investor point of view, when you first look at that, it's of great concern because you say, "Oh, my gosh, the private payers won't continue to subsidize the government" why would they want to do that, it takes so much more. The short answer is they have to because all the providers are faced the same reality. And so no one can afford to get by if they don't pay charge private payer significantly more than Medicare. It's not a happy fact, but it's a well-known fact and particularly now that about three quarters of all centers in America are owned by investors, they're very sensitive to that reality. So no one's going to do something foolish assumingly, and put patient care at risk in the sort of Don Quixote-like quest for incremental volume. The government also has different relationship for us because most other segments the government can't be held very accountable. Hospitals are complicated institutions, and surgeries, nursing homes a lot of different types of patients. So these goes on and on and on. We are a single DRG provider. Our economics are very transparent, about 85% of the centers in America are discrete. They only do dialysis. Their economics are discreet and so the government has more insight into what dialysis cost than any other segment that they manage. And they also know that they are almost all of the patients and so they know that if they make a mistake centers start to close. When centers start to close, that's really bad for those patients in that area. And much as a very good reason for it, that feedback goes immediately to CMS, and congress then creates tension. In some cases some centers do close for good reasons. So there's alternatives nearby. But any sort of significant kind of centers closing for economic reasons because of more extremely inadequate Medicare reimbursement would lead to immediate and appropriate political pressure because you have lots of patients that need dialysis 3x a week in immediate jeopardy. So it's a natural state myth. There's still a lot, 1,000 centers across the country. Despite our growth, this number had stayed virtually identical for several years -- despite our growth because of the low barriers to entry, a lot of new providers continue to enter. So what you take away from is that when we said for years that the bad news is the government is unlikely to do what it does every now and then in the segment, and make a mistake by reimbursing too much. And suddenly creating a short-term windfall, some sort of opportunistic shareholder turn situation. That's not going to happen in our segment. The good news is you're not going to get the opposite mistake where suddenly a reimbursement is passed, it's going to put a lot of centers at serious immediate jeopardy. That's not going to happen either or highly unlikely. Today, Washington D.C. hopefully, over the last six months you've seen that we're different from most other segments in American healthcare service in other way, which is we have created a literally unique coalition that's got all the providers and for profit, not for profit, big and small, the leading physician organizations, the leading nursing organizations, pharma and device leading patient activity groups, all in one coalition. We meet quarterly. We've done it for years. There's staff leadership. There's committee work. People work very hard to create a United Nations-like actually better than the United Nations-like consensus on significant positions. So we more so than most segments are able us to particular issues like we were able through in the transition adjuster go and actually say, "We're speaking for the entire community." As that doesn't happen, too often and when that doesn't happen, it's very easy for members of congress to say, "While we're hearing different things so we're going to do what we think is right," which is often wrong. So this is a good thing and you can see the issues like transparency, like clinical outcomes reporting, like paper performance, we've taken stances as a community, radically different from most of the provider community in America. That doesn't mean it's always happens. The congress knew that it can actually wanted to move forward some of the coherent structure relevant to healthcare reform that we were once a segment that is willing to dance. Even though that song never started playing in the past, it meant to say we're more thoughtful with us than they otherwise would have been if we had been like most of other segments fighting, fighting, fighting these same important things. Recently, we've been very, very active, more active than we would ever want to be in Washington, D.C. I won't brother to step through this. They'd probably come up in Q&A. But from a historical perspective, the last 3 or 4 years has been the busiest policy times or periods of the last 11, 12 years. And it's good. So the step we started, it is good that we started things like the Kidney Care Partners coalition and in the Kidney Care Council to start that, but sort of rejuvenated 7 and 8 years ago because otherwise, we will never been able to present the sort of coherent front and the coherent argument and so that for the most part, policies have been reasonable. There's no some real significant gaps in what they've done. They just don't make sense and do put a bunch of centers at risk but by and large, that has been a whole lot of collaboration and interaction back and forth. At the same time your partners are going to ask you what are the low lights, what are the arguments again. And those are pretty straightforward or straightforward to think of, at least, not necessarily straight forward to assess and that's why we're here today to do, however. One is that just reimbursement risk with fiscal government situation and all the things that are shaking in private pay. While one can be comfortable in certain things in the medium term. In any given short-term situation, you don't know what kind of mistakes someone might make and how long it would take to, of course, correct. And then investigations, we are always going to get investigated when we were under fee-for-service. And remember, we're necessarily you're going to get investigated for using too much of stuff, another one a bundle from who's going to accuse us of using too little of stuff. That's not going to change. That is in general, in America, a clarity in healthcare regulations achieved through litigation, not actually more specific regulation. And so that's an unfortunate reality that we'll talk about in track record in this regard and those are certainly, two things you wish didn't cloud the investment horizon, but they do.  What about DaVita separate from the industry. Our clinical outcomes are outstanding, getting better every year. We have a solid operating track record at this point usually long. From a compliance point of view, we get to say where as nobody else good to say. And then in terms of future upside, there's notion that America might finally be ready to allow integrated care. It's exciting. Clinically, I won't step through all these but if you look through all the public measures or if you want to sit with us and step through all the private measures, the relevance of this, separate from the fact that if you ever need dialysis, this might help inform your physician before the go. But separate from that, from a shareholder point of view, the beauty of this slide and its equivalent over the last 11 years is that you're not going to wake up in the morning and find out that my gosh, the company you invested in is providing lousy care that's been discovered in some dramatic way and dramatically impair your investment. That's not the reason we do it, but that is a catalyst by product of our acute clinical care.  We also are real serious about this continues improvement. For some of you that are new, we could take area after area and point to graphs that are like this. And this happens to be adequacy and just shows we are very, very steadily improved with a significant blip when we bought Gambro about 6 years ago. And we've also got a whole lot of other programs, which we love to talk about but typically don't come up much in Q&A. That are hoping and continue to trend that you saw and reflected in the prior slide, as well as others.  And then from an operating point of view, this has been our operating income guidance going back to 2003. We could also show '02 and '01 and '00 but that's probably not useful at this point, but up to this point we've been able to do what we said we would do. And then compliance. This is important because particularly, if you are new and you see that we get a subpoena and it's a comprehensive subpoena and they make some public statements that are aggressive and you know that the government insists that we hire medical directors in every single center, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, that it is appropriate to be nervous, worried and have anxiety around investigations. One can derive some comfort from the fact that we don't know of any major sub-care service provider. And at this point, perhaps no major pharmaceutical or device manufacturer either with this track record. You can see that we do get our fair share or unfair share of subpoenas. But time after time after time after 2 to 4 years of investigation, there is no settlement that we literally closed the doors without us having to pay any money because we didn't do anything wrong. It's not to say at some point it might not be prudent for you, for us to do a settlement even if we didn't do something wrong. But up to this point, we decided in every instance instead to fight until the very end, and we think that's worked out well for us. There are two more recent ones, a very significant 2010 victories for the government decline to participate in an essentially a whistleblower lawsuit. So the whistleblower may still continue, but the government after substantial investigation declined to continue. And so we paid them zero in those cases, don't know if it will lead to sort of private step going on around it. We have a never-ending queue of private suits as well. The integrated care, we won't spend a lot of time on because it's not a relevant for most of your investment time horizon. But, it's significant, I guess, a, because we think someday the America will be ready for wanting to organize integrated care dialysis patients and kidney care patients because society will save a lot of money and there'll be better clinical outcomes. In addition, this is relevant for you in a sense that we are out there doing demonstrations for the federal government, proving that this works and thereby continuing to demonstrate that we're trying to be a good citizen within the healthcare community. So when they're making some of these discretionary decisions and given there are some people in the CMS who are ideologically opposed to -- for profit healthcare. The fact that in addition to providing ever-continuing clinical outcomes in the conventional sense, we are continuing to invest millions of your dollars to try to innovate for a better system, which is higher quality, lower cost and higher service, does continue to persuade some incremental people every year that we actually care about that -- and was good at it. Now maybe someday it will also be economically relevant. We can only hope. So this is a summary of the investment highlights. Those summary appoints one might think we're partner if you're thinking about whether or not to maintain an investment or launch one, and then we could talk about those two and happy to talk more about those two. And now, the person who needs no introduction, LeAnne.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Okay thanks. On to the bottom line update. As you know, over the last year or so, we've been preparing for the new payment system. And the initiatives that we undertook in preparation for this are largely complete and that was early in the quarter. With the takeaway for you, it means that the Q1 cost -- pharma cost structure is really going to be a pretty good representation of what you can expect for the balance of this year based on where we took today. With respect to billing and collection, no major issues there. We were able to get the bills out on time and there's solid Medicare cash flow. One or two problems that are working, the onset patient adjuster, that's an adjuster where we're paid higher in the first 120 days where we care for our patients is really not working from a systems perspective with CMS. We hope that will get collected, and we're certain to recapture that money, but not able to currently get some of the funding that we should. And I'll talk a little bit more about where we stand on the case mix, or the new case mix adjuster. So we've got some challenges ahead of us that we need to continue to put CMS on in both the short term and the more medium term. So a good example of what Kent said was when we work together with the community, we're able to effectively impact Medicare policy. The transition adjuster is a good example of that. We have our policy arguments, we have our data arguments. We appeal to CMS to fix this. And in fact, they moved the clock forward. They gave us the fix early in this year where they really fully intended to not fix it until 2012. The result is $73 million of revenue for us this year that we might not otherwise have received. And then on a follow-on years, we'd expect about $8 million to $10 million of incremental revenue until the transition adjustment is eliminated in 2014. So what do we have ahead? The big issues are case mix adjuster, 2012 quality improvement program. We stand to lose about $1 there based on the constructs of that program. And then, I'll touch on orals in 2014. The issues with the case mix adjuster can be kind of categorized in three or four things. First, the documentation requirements by CMS really don't follow current clinical practice. There's an inconsistency there. The issue for us is that most of the diagnoses are being done by physician other than the nephrologists we work with. That leads to tremendous data capture problems where we've had to build some new systems and processes trying to get at that data, and if we do get the data now, it's not very timely. It's well after the incident for the patients and that's causing us to have to do some rebillings. Let me give you a couple of examples. So with respect to documentation requirements, when you look at the original role for pneumonia, which is one of the conditions, CMS search the data set and came up with say, with 10,000 cases. Well, then, between that data search and the time they've implemented, they put in criteria around the capture of the culture. And this criteria is put out by the society of thoracic -- excuse me, the American Thoracic Society. No physician is really documenting the return of the culture in the way that they are now asking for it. So in the original rule, an incidence rate I think of about 2.4% of that based on the documentation requirements alone, there's no way we're going to see that same incident rate, and the practical reality is physicians are not documenting according to that standard. So we're not able to bill it. Although those same cases exist today, the incremental requirements are just too rigorous. Then going on to kind of another example, as you look at the acute conditions, 6% of the conditions that they picked are diagnosed by a nephrologist, so only 6%. 94% are diagnosed by someone else and we have to try to figure out the puzzle as who that is. On the chronic side, pretty similar story, 20% of those conditions are diagnosed by a nephrologist or 80% are diagnosed by some other physician. This is a case where in a preliminary rule, we talked a lot to CMS about it and how bad this policy would be. They did make some changes. Those changes weren't enough, and we continue to dialogue with them, and we're hopeful that we can get them to move and improve this policy. So I think the intention of it was good that we should know more about our patients and be treating our patients holistically, but the practical reality is the documentation requirements don't work. So orals in 2014? Good news here is that the policy was delayed. So if you look back again at our comment roles, they we're going to implement incremental orals in this year and we were able to get that delayed. The data that's available for them to implement this policy effectively is actually pretty robust, and they can get at it. The unfortunate part of that is it's not CMS data, going to be data that's in the public domain and we're going to need to convince them to use that data. And then if you look at the improvements in the Part D program that are going on today. Some of the issues with patient adherence to medication in choice of medications are being eliminated through that donut hole closing. And we obviously need to make sure that those things are considered as CMS implements this policy. On the bad news side, this is a -- could be a massive shortfall for us. If you look at the original rule, the preliminary rule, CMS estimated that the cost to deliver the medications was about $14 a treatment. The industry thought that, that was about $45 a treatment. So in the preliminary rule, it's pretty good. Big gap. Good news is, though, they postponed the policy because they believe the data we put in front of them. Why is CMS data inadequate? It's pretty obvious. They tend to use data that's a couple years old. In this case in 2010 when they are looking at oral medications, they, in fact, are looking at 2007 data, which was one of the early years of the Part D program. Not many of the patients have enrolled, the donut hole was having an impact on a number of the key variables, which is adherence and medication choice. So where do we come out on this? If it's done correctly, we can achieve the goals that CMS wants, which is realized improved patient care. That said, if they don't take into consideration contemporary data, that objective wont be hit. Back to Kent.
Kent Thiry: Thank you. Let's go to the three building blocks, the holy trilogy of dialysis economics, number of treatments times the revenue minus the expense, we'll go through each in turn. Once again just to sort of refresh your analytical memory to provoke questions about the go-forward world. First on the non-acquired growth side, this is the normalized number. And that's the case, the one above is about the non-normalized, but that's less useful from a business point of view. From a de novo point of view, no different than the past. The track record is clear on solid returns. This is our way of adding capacity for growth in existing markets, as well as finding ourselves a new market, thereby strengthening our geographic network and allowing us to help our affiliated physician practices grow. Here is the actual numbers. And we're thinking that '11 will look a lot like '10, with all the right qualifiers about opportunities and time certification. From an industry capacity point of view one of the things people might wonder about is excessive capacity being added, meaning are we having more and more dialysis centers per patient and does that suggest any sort of vulnerability from a cost structure point of view in terms of inadequate utilization or a revenue point of view in terms of people being too hungry for incremental patients and doing foolish things with unsustainable economics. And here's the actual data, so you can see that centers are growing in line. What you've seen driving growth is the investor-owned centers getting share over the non-investor-owned and that is different from the overall trend in terms of capacity versus demand. About acquisitions. The first on DSI, we're going to have some divestitures. It will be a higher percentage of centers than we had in the Gambro case. So it will be higher than that 10% to 15% level. We think it will close in the third quarter. The net effect on OI is zero with a one-time cost exceeding partially your benefit, and then in 2012 it will be accretive. More generally, we'll continue to have small acquisitions in that 1% to 2% range for the foreseeable future. And so if you look at a normalized neg of 3.5 to 4.5 and then you goose it with 1% or 2% on the acquisition side, you end up staring at a medium-term outlook over that 4.5% to 6.5%. Moving on to revenue per treatment, starting with private. We remained, as I mentioned earlier, totally dependent on private pay to subsidize a government that doesn't pay its way. I think this was already been referred to, other than for those of you that are new, it's important you know that private patients can retain their private insurance for up to 30 months, then they put to Medicare. And then from a contracting point of view, you put a lot of the different things together we've already talked about, if you own a center, you know you've got low fixed costs, you know you've got high variable costs, most of the cost is created, incurred at the point that a patient actually comes in and you take care of them. There's also a lot of stickiness because of loyalty, and so this isn't the case we're suddenly patients go shifting from one center to the other, in any kind of significant volumes. And part of that is also influenced by the fact that, it limits to how hard you want to work and move patients when they're only going to be on private insurance for another 12 months, 15 months, whatever. And so in general, strategically, it is not prudent to lower price per volume. In general, meaning, like hard to imagine a different scenario. In addition, in a segment like this with long-term relationships with physicians and payers if ever did that and succeed once, you would probably just create an incredible backlash at renewal time. And so either in that same geography, or different geographies. So it's very hard to see coming out ahead in that game in a world where while there are some cost advantages for some people, they are not material enough to ever justify an aggressive -- we can lower price and somehow get beneath somebody else's cost. And therefore, that's a prudent business strategy, it's sustainable. That reality doesn't exist in our space. It appears to be generally recognized. What is not changed if you think about the ongoing tension or struggles or battles or discussions or nudging back-and-forth that it goes on between the payer and the provider, it still the case and it's ever more evident to people that better dialysis saves in total cost. The last thing you want to do is move someone to get a couple of percent savings on the dialysis side because all it takes is 1/2 more of a day in the hospital and you've lost an entire savings from anything in the dialysis rate. We also agree, delicate along the notion of moving these patients, because it is a life-saving therapy. Many referrals are network independent. If you're a dialysis patient you're going to go through your copays and deductibles. So a lot of the outer network pressures don't apply, a lot that were different from all. I talked about the bonding before. In addition, payers' do have a responsibility to defy the increasing sensitivity to this is the next 5 years go by to have adequate network so people are not having to drive too far for something that they have to get 3x a week for the rest of their life. And in the end, payers don't have a lot of these patients although the ones they have are expensive. So these are the same things that have been true for the last 11 years. We have been continuing to bundle commercial pairs at a regular clip starting at the time we told you were. In some cases also we're going beyond the 90-day out type of contracts and going beyond the one year type of contracts. And in many cases when we do that, what both sides get is an element of great stability, which is to say we know we'll get a rate escalator and they know they're not going to get on higher increase than that. And that equation is perhaps a lot easier for both sides to deal with than the trauma of hoping for something better but being at risk for having something worse and having to deal with it every year. Continuing on revenue per treatment on the mix side. The bad news is unemployment in America, you know about this from the other investments, and from an economic point of view, the beautiful, beautiful clinical fact that we're keeping people alive longer, given virtually everyone that we keep alive longer is a Medicare patient that actually hurts your mix. So it's a wonderful clinical fact but analytically, it does mean that your mix of prior patients will continue to go down. What are factors that are going to push the other way? Hopefully, would create vigor. Well, one investor be in economic recovery with more people being insured. Another would be giving our dialysis patients equal rights to retain their insurance. Outpatients are the only -- if one of you goes on to dialysis, you will be in the only group of Americans in the country who can't keep their private insurance even if you want to and even if it's clearly better for your family. You have to go on the Medicare. It's totally inappropriate quality, which has a lot of negative effects on incentives for disease management in the private sector, et cetera. It's a ridiculous sort of historical artifact, but it's true. In addition, the fact that Medicaid need savings, that makes it more attractive. In some instances, to have more patients on private pay. For those of you who don't know it used to be when on Medicare Day One [ph] then it was moved out to 6 months, 12 months then 18 months then 30 over the last 20 years or so. As to exchanges, we wish we could shed some serious light on this beyond saying it could really be a big deal. But we can't because there's so many, as you know, unanswered questions around it. But the right way to think about it for us is that there is upside and there is downside. And it's impossible to predict the net right now, because if you take #1, patients who move from being government patients because they're on Medicaid or whatever to an exchange or they are just going into an ER. So patients can move from non-private to an exchange, all right, that multiplied by whatever the rate is. The exchange rate minus the government rate that could be a positive because you have people who are in Medicaid or something they move to an exchange and if the exchange rate is higher than the government rate that will be a net pickup. If those two things are true. There's certainly will be some that move through exchanges but the exact rate is unclear. Obviously, in that first one if the exchange rate were the same as government rates, it wouldn't make any difference if someone shifted. So you have patients that go from non-private to an exchange, times whatever the net rate is, and then you have on the other hand, patients who might move from private to an exchange. And if that private rate was higher than the exchange, that would be a loss. So it goes from non-private to an exchange times the rate differential, and then you add or subtract those going from private to the exchange, times the rate differential, and that's going to give you the net number that are bad. No one can plug in these 4 numbers right now. No one knows what the exchange rate is relative to the other existing rates and no one knows what the movement will be either from the government to exchange or private to exchange, but this is the formula you can play with different scenarios. Although it's hard to go very far, given the numbers are totally unknown and the political controversy that's going to exist as the exchange implementations get closer is going to be stunning to watch as they try to figure out what the rates are going to be and what the mechanism is going to be for setting those rates. It's going to be a real political firefight because if you set the rates too low, you could create some serious chaos in the provider side, not just in the health [ph]. If you set them too high, you're going to a massive expense problem. And so they put themselves in situations where they have a palacious [ph] set of alternatives politically and are exactly the kind of choices they hate to make. So it's going to be fascinating political theater. So what is the entire revenue takeaways? The bad news is it's a mixed bag. And the mix deterioration is moderating but still there. This dialysis equal patient right is a very big deal, hopefully to resolve in the next several years, and then you have this big unknown, the big unknown elephant in the room or the known elephant in the room at exchanges.  Moving on to the government side of revenue per treatment. The Medicare as most of you know is about 1/2 of our revenue. There's a bunch of stuff going on with the market basket that was part of that legislation that we worked 8 years to get passed quick, which is the quality program, which essentially is penalties if you don't hit certain quality standards and then buy whatever process they're going to do an annual review of saying whether or not the bundle is leading to the right number. So there's a lot of nontrivial action going on. But from a broader perspective, this is a period of relative stability. I think I'll just leave it at that for now. And then outside of Medicare specifically in the other parts of government type programs, which is about 15% of our dialysis revenue, we've already referred to the fact that there is VA pressure and there's Medicaid pressure. And so on that chunk of the business there's some significant intensity. Under the expense side of the ledger. This is roughly speaking a proportion of our expenses. No significant difference than the past. Although certainly, some incremental reductions on the pharma side.  On the people side, the facts of the past remain true. Every year, there are wage increases, they are partially offset by productivity gains and you see the net here. If the economy starts to recover, these costs will go up. The good news is that typically, the movements in private mix, are more significant than movements in labor in either direction up or down.  On the pharma side, you all know this. What's going on in ESAs with pricing utilizations, if we look at the next three is very much in flux. Vitamin D and iron, there is now price competition where there wasn't and the same with a number of other supplies. On ESAs. All we can say is that which you already know. In 2014, important patents expire as there is a competitive pipeline. And then with respect to biosimilars, once again, we'll have to defer to some of you who would be better at predicting what kind of decisions congress and regulators are going to make. Certainly, there's a lot of pressure building to allow more activity in this sphere. And then the other center expenses, there's whole bunch of miscellaneous stuff and you can see the historical trends. And right now, we're not expecting anything different from the historical trends as we look out the next couple of years.  And finally, G&A. This year was very uncharacteristic surge, driven by the items that are listed there, a very significant expansion of our IT activities, both in the human resources area and the basic clinical management systems, as well as developing in EHR, our expansion internationally and then the one-time cost associated with DSI. On other care services, here we'll be brief and if you want to go somewhere in Q&A, you can. But the core objective here is really simple. It is to improve outcomes, document-ably, demonstrably and unambiguously and simultaneously reduce hospitalizations materially. And this is very doable. We've got three different primary ventures within this general category. Two of them are profitable, one is not. But they all achieve better objectives than the bottom. And the important thing of course is try to figure out how to monetize that in a more powerful way. We have put together over the last decade, a portfolio of capabilities so that if and when we persuade the government to scale some of these solutions, we have a wonderful arsenal of really nice patient-centric capabilities and to take advantage of that. At the ACOs [Accountable Care Organization], we really like the concept, which has been reflected in our activities integrated care for years. The preliminary rule is a huge wet blanket on top of the country's enthusiasm for this really as a tax payer and citizen literally is depressing. And that is the system for getting dialysis, and then particularly for our segment it precludes specialist ACOs, which is in a selfish sense is depressing and also really unfortunate for our patients, because it would have been a path for us to break through and do really striking things in terms of cost and quality. On to International. The Wygo International [ph] is a symbol that we talked about for a few quarters now. It's big. It's segmented. It's going faster than the U.S. And a lot of governments have realized they have to fund it and doing it all in through a public provider network is exceptionally unattractive economically, clinically and politically. So these are macro trends. That doesn't mean you're going to go hop onto some easy and fast-moving train but the long-term upside is really quite impressive.  Issue is that it costs money and it takes time, and there's going to be some mistakes along the way. And so this is not something that's going to enhance our stock price in the short or medium term, but could be very powerful if you look out for the long term. We're calibrating our investment, accordingly. On the financial view, I think, Luis, back to you.
Luis Borgen: Okay. All right. Thank you, Ken. So I'm going to walk through our financial review here to wrap things up before our summary. Our consolidated revenues since 2006, our first full year with Gambro, we've grown revenue for approximately 7% CAGR. The revenue per treatment declined in 2010 primarily due to utilization as we prepared for entering the bundle. This decline continued into Q1 of 2011. Our operating income has consistently grown over time. We have an 8% CAGR over the last several years and the margins have remained relatively steady during this period. In terms of earnings per share, over time, we've been having very steady earnings per share. And you'll see a little bit later on how we build up the earnings per share model from revenue through expenses getting through our earnings per share growth over time. One very cool aspect of the business, it generates a lot of cash. We generate more than 100% of cash relative to net income. So very strong cash flow business. It's consistent and it's steady. Of note here would be our operating cash flow guidance of $840 million to $940 million. And you'll also see that the free cash flow is going to be flat to down, primarily due to 2 items: number one is our continued investment in IT and our new headquarters building. Our leverage ratio, our long-stated expectation is that we would be between 3% to 3.5% net EBITDA -- net debt-to-EBITDA. Pro forma for the DSI acquisition, our Q1 will be about 3x leverage, which is in line with our historical range. Our debt structure, as you all know, we completed a comprehensive refinancing in the fall of 2010. Right now, we're effectively all fixed. The main pieces of our debt structure senior notes, about $1.6 billion, fixed at 6.5%. Our Term Loan B, about $1.75 billion that has a floor of 1.50%. And that's capped at 4% for about $1.25 billion of that. And finally, our Term Loan A, we're flat [ph] all of that to 1.6% LIBOR. And all of these are through September 2014. The all-in rate is about 5.3%. We effectively pushed out our maturities beyond 2014, locked in very attractive rates and have a sound capital, so it could fund our growth for the next several years.  In terms of priority for cash, we've been very consistent over time. Our preference is to grow the business and to the extent we have excess cash flow, we'll look at share repurchases or debt repayments.  And finally, to provide some perspective on how we've deployed our cash. Here's a chart from 2006 through 2010, indicating that we've deployed about $600 million to acquisitions; another $800 million towards development; and finally, about $1 billion of cash towards share repurchases over the last several years. Here's our financial formula. As we've stated earlier, our revenue growth is a function of NAG, our non-acquired growth plus acquisitions, that's about 5% to 6%. Our business has some degree of fixed costs, and therefore, you'd expect operating income growth of 5% to 7%. We will take on financial leverage as we said to 3%, 3.5% in EBITDA to get you to net income growth of 7% to 9%. And given the amount of free cash flow that we generate, we're able to redeploy that against acquisitions or share repurchases leading to EPS growth of 9% to 11%. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kent to wrap up.
Kent Thiry: Thank you. So this is the last slide. I think that these 2 biggest negatives for you to debate with your partners just what is the government going to do given the pickle they've put themselves in and what's going to happen in the commercial side. It's just an awful lot of dynamism there. The silver lining in that cloud is that the government gets really intense about meeting savings, one of the easy ways to get them is to allow people to keep their private insurance longer or allow us to guarantee them savings and go after integrated care in a big way. So 2 of their solutions, we would actually be very positively excited about, but that suggests a level of coherence and the decision-making, which is not practical, given how many big things they're going to be thinking about outside of dialysis. So it's there. But you've got to be careful to calibrate its probability. So those are the scary things from an investor perspective.  The good news is within that broader environment, we're well positioned. The strong clinical outcomes are not only wonderful spiritually but they're very useful to you from a business point of view. The way this industry works leads to very stable demand in cash flow. It's a rational community, overall, that understands the need for private to subsidize the public. And then, we've got this window of upside over the long term, not in the next 12, 24 months but the nice sort of structural upside for the period beyond that. And do we now move to Q&A? We now move to Q&A. [Operator Instructions]
Kevin Fischbeck: Yes, this is Kevin Fischbeck from BofA Merrill. I think a couple of questions. The first is the most suppliers, [indiscernible] me was that you feel like Q1 run rate across is kind of the way you think about it, and I think that people had thought that it might take some time to actually roll out how you're going to be responding to bundling and certainly would take some time for it to get doctor buy-in with everything that is you're doing, and why is it you'd expect that you've gotten everything and there's not real....
Kent Thiry: The reason we're able to get so much spend in Q1 is that we've spent 2010 getting ready. And so it did take a long time, but we did it ahead of time rather than waiting.
Kevin Fischbeck: But it's not something that you look at from a -- I think you might have rolled out your initiative, do you feel like everyone is compliant with those initiatives? And there's no kind of room for additional doctors buying into whatever the right protocol is?
Kent Thiry: No. We actually -- we worked so -- it was surprising to us. It's not what we projected, but we worked so hard on iterating around on protocols, alternatives throughout 2010. That's sort of -- separate from getting to an answer. We inadvertently built far more breadth and depth of ownership than we ever had before. Although we used to think this is a strength. And so the take up was -- exceeded anything we had done in prior implementations of stuff like that. So it is what it is.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. Then one last question before I hand it over to the next person. You mentioned that the -- part of the reason you might be at the low end of guidance next year would be an acceleration into International investments. Just wanted to get your thought process about what it is that you're looking for that might say, yes, now is the time to accelerate that versus continue with what you were thinking before?
Kent Thiry: It's not that we're predicting that our rate of expenditure will accelerate in 2012 in International, we're just saying it could. We're still so early in that game and there's some stuff that looks promising. But it would lead to more P&L dollars because it would be subscaled upfront. So it's not a prediction but it could happen, and it's too early for us to make a prediction. So it's more sensitizing, it is a fact that it could happen. We usually wait till the end.
Unknown Analyst - : Well, let me get a couple in now and then maybe a couple at the end. But a question on some of your quality -- specifically the hemoglobin levels, that 10 to 12 range, I think with 79% of your patients within that range. Can you give us an idea of that 21% that's outside of the range, are most of those above or below the range?
Kent Thiry: The answer to that question is there will be more above most of the time. But beyond that, I don't know if we're doing.
LeAnne Zumwalt: It's quite split pretty evenly. A little bit more on the high end. And that is important because some patients are naturally above the top end.
Unknown Analyst - : And that sort of leads then to the follow-on, which is sort of a follow-on to Kevin's question. I think obviously, you've done a great job in sort of getting your preparations ready for the bundle. I'm more curious about the fact that you say that pharma costs are a good run rate for the rest for the year. Does that mean you don't expect any of that above 12 population to continue to migrate down? In other words, you're static from this point out in terms of any further improvement?
Kent Thiry: From an economic point of view, yes.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. And can you tie that in at all to the upcoming Amgen contract and what your expectations are in terms of pricing?
Kent Thiry: LeAnne, you want to do that?
LeAnne Zumwalt: All we can say right now is that we have a contract through the end of the year with Amgen, and we're working with them and a reasonable dialogue towards a longer-term agreement. That's what we can provide.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. And then just quick one, Luis, on guidance, specifically in 2011, the inclusion of DSI. There are obviously some assumptions that you've made with that and I was wondering if you could just run through some of them. For example, when you say to close in 3Q, will DSI have an impact starting in 3Q or starting in 4Q?
Luis Borgen: So our guidance for DSI is to have a net 0 OI contribution. Our current expectations is that we will close some time in Q3 and whatever OI contribution we may have from DSI would be offset by transactions and integration costs.
Unknown Analyst - : And that was actually my question, which is, will you be breaking out those one-time costs when you report?
Luis Borgen: That's to be determined. We'll see what those are and to the extent they're material and make sense to disclose, we will.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay, then finally Kent, in terms of DSI and the integration, is this date sort of an integration date in name only? In other words, do you already have people on the ground with DSI and you're already looking at clinical protocols? Are you already looking at IT systems? How close are you already working with them in advance of the actual closing date of transaction?
Kent Thiry: Yes, I think the answer is sort of a tweener. There are certain things we can't do because of the rules. But we are coordinating with them on a lot of stuff. Getting to know each other and getting to know each other's systems, et cetera. So without doing anything to get in the way with their running their business, we're doing a lot of talking.
Jim Gustafson: Justin And then, we'll go to a gentleman here.
Justin Lake: So first just a quick clarification. LeAnne, did you say Amgen contracts till the end of the year?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, we've extended our contracts till the end of the year.
Justin Lake: So you've got another 6 month-contract?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, we have.
Justin Lake: Okay. And similar terms as far as we should expect kind of low single-digit rate increase in the back of the year as well?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Justin, we're just going to say at this time, we've extended the contract and leave the commentary at that.
Justin Lake: Okay. And just -- I think the expectation might have been that the 6-month contract is typically not been the typical -- it's been more of a 2- to 3-year agreement. Is there anything in your mind that's keeping that type of lengthy contract from getting signed right now?
LeAnne Zumwalt: There's a lot of things going on in the industry, including what you heard Amgen talking about with potential changes in the label and those things. Those may be entering into their thought process about timing.
Kent Thiry: I would say, Justin, the reason there's not a longer-term one is we can't agree.
Justin Lake: From a de novo standpoint, the -- it looked like there were a few more de novos in the first quarter than we have typical seen. Any kind of update on what you've been -- what you'd be able to accomplish there as far as getting the government to sign up on those a little bit more timely?
Luis Borgen: Our current expectation is 65 de novos for the year. There's always puts and takes between quarters. We do our best to get them open on time. But I would say 65 is our best thinking for the year. Are you asking about timing certifications?
Kent Thiry: Yes, the backlog seemed like it was pretty significant last year and that was keeping you from...
Luis Borgen: Yes, so is it going up the business stable.
Kent Thiry: Yes, I think it was about 1.5 year or 2 years ago it was much higher. We've brought it down since stable for several quarters in a normal range. It's been high 30s, low 40s of uncertified centers and that's been pretty consistent. There are a couple of pockets, Texas, most notably that take longer to certify.
Luis Borgen: But the year-over-year comparison is...
Luis Borgen: Pretty stable over the past year.
Justin Lake: And just last question on mix deterioration. Can we get -- so it's been 2 straight quarters where you've seen at least that the pace, the rate of change moderate somewhat? Is that correct?
Kent Thiry: Last quarter didn't moderate as did this previous quarter -- i.e. Q1.
Justin Lake: From last quarter, okay. So you're seeing moderation. And can you give us any breakdown, I mean, what -- you had mentioned that there's 2 factors here. One, people are living longer on Medicare, which is deteriorating your mix and then the economy, which I assume is less -- the growth in new patients is coming at a lower percentage of those coming from commercial. Is there any breakdown you can give us as far as the -- how those 2 contribute? Is it more -- are you seeing improvement in terms of the rate of growth in commercial patients?
Kent Thiry: Where we've seen -- it's roughly split between those 2 factors. And that could vary quarter-to-quarter. But I would say...
Justin Lake: Is the improvement coming in either one?
Kent Thiry: Can't break that up for Q1.
Unknown Analyst - : First question is on EPOGEN. Have you looked at hypo-responders versus hyper-responders? The thinking is that for the hypo-responders, their hp doesn't increase even if you give a lot of EPOGEN. In fact, giving a lot of EPOGEN is harmful to those patients. Have you looked at that type of situation whether you can modify a protocol accordingly to reduce EPO spend on?
Kent Thiry: Our physicians have looked at that with great intensity for the last couple of years. And different people have different points of view. And in general, in America, you have people giving less EPO to hypo-responders now than before. That's a clear directional trend. Where each individual physician lands on that issue is varied by their own perspective and their group's perspective and to some degree geographic points of view. So all we can say is we know that docs are going to be continuing to stare at that with a whole lot of intensity. And whether or not the general directional trend over the last 2 years continues, we don't know. LeAnne, you have anything to add to that?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Well, and in our new protocol that we will adopt, certainly, we did address that patient population. And I think that Kent's right, there continues to be a lot of study on that population. And I would probably recommend that over the next few years, we'll see some improvement or changes in protocols for those patients because these are a topic of significant study.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. The second question is, Kent, you mentioned the 30-month MSP. You've been talking about that for quite a while now. Are you still working on that? Or do you think maybe waiting for the implementation of the insurance exchange, which will render the 30-month irrelevant?
Kent Thiry: Yes, depending on how they define the exchanges it could, it will never make 30-month development. I don't think the -- but it may make it far less relevant, that is true. And as to whether or not we're working on it, previously, we don't work on the 30-month -- an extension of 30 months because it's not politically viable, and there are periods when you do. So there's hunting season, there is non-hunting season. And so I'm sure there will be in the next couple of years opportunities where we try to extend it. Whether or not, we'll succeed is -- that's very much -- it's very unpredictable. Is that responsive?
Unknown Analyst - : I guess whether you'd see any opportunities in the near future legislatively, you can introduce the proposal of the extending -- given there is a lot of pressure, budget pressure on the Medicare side. It clearly would be a saving for the government.
Kent Thiry: That's right. So we may take another swing at it in the near term is the answer because there are groups that don't want it to happen. Health insurance companies are not in love with the provision, employers are not in love with the provision. And so I don't know if we'll be putting it out there or not in 2011. We always want it, but it's not always -- you can't keep on going in, in the same thing all the time or you -- or people don't pay attention.
Gary Lieberman: Gary Lieberman from Wells Fargo. Could you just clarify, LeAnne, did you say that the impact of the comorbidities on revenue per treatment was $2?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, the opportunity is about $2. Yes.
Gary Lieberman: Okay. And that's for -- that's not just for Medicare revenue treatments, that's average overall treatment?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes.
Gary Lieberman: Okay. And then did you say what the impact or what you had included from DSI in 2012?
Luis Borgen: We did not.
Gary Lieberman: Okay. But it's consistent with sort of the 10%, 15% -- or even in the 10% to 15% divestitures that you talked about?
Luis Borgen: That's still an unknown of how many, but it is consistent with minimum expectations of 10% to 15% as Kent mentioned earlier.
Gary Lieberman: Okay. And then on the Amgen contract, you just mentioned that you had been able to come to terms, is there any advantage to you in waiting to the end of the year or is there something that you'd like to -- you would have preferred to get done either beginning of this year or the middle of this year but just can't kind of...
Kent Thiry: I'm going to go first just back to the prior question. It is going to be more divestitures than the 10% to 15% range. So that is just -- that is by far the most likely outcome. We just want to be very clear on that. The good news is there's a very good market right now for selling dialysis centers. And so that the whole divestiture from a shareholder point of view is not as daunting as it could be in a different environment, not daunting at all, in fact, at this point. And then on -- we would love to have a long-term ESA contract that we like. And we're going to love to have that today. We'd love to have it a month from now. Seemed like we'll take it any time. It's just tricky to work out. And so both sides are working on it, and we'll see what happens.
Gary Lieberman: And then just the last question. Could you just update us on your home dialysis initiatives on both PD and HHD?
Kent Thiry: Sure. The home is growing. How much it will grow is difficult to calibrate at this point, because a lot of physicians are reflecting on exactly what they want to do here. And the tendency of some of the situations with the new bundle sometimes where people get excited about something new, but then they try it and good things -- and it drives some short-term growth and then subscale and you close it down. So it's important to sort of think one more step downstream. PD is much, much bigger than HHD. And HHD, my counsel to people is you should ignore the people with really strong points of view on either side. Those who say, "Oh my God, HHD, MFD is the greatest gift, and it's going to explode in growth." Those people should be ignored, because it's not all clear that, that's true. Those people who say it's not worth the extra expense and should go away, equally should be ignored. So the real question is for what percent of the population is it of superior attractiveness or efficacy. And no one knows the answer to that question right now. We have more of these patients than anyone else in the world, and it is not clear. And will be a significant part of deciding when it's clear because we have the most data. So our counsel to people is ignore those who are inappropriately optimistic or pessimistic. And we're studying the data and working in the real world with more patients than anybody else. Is that responsive? Feel free to come back at it more if it's useful.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Market: Kevin Ellich from Piper Jaffray. Maybe we can talk about international a little bit. Could you remind us how much you've spent and how much you've planned to spend and then what factors went into your decision to go into Singapore?
Kent Thiry: So International, what factors and how much we're going to spend and then what factors...
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Market: Drove the decision to go into Singapore?
Kent Thiry: Yes, let me do the second one, first. Singapore is a very attractive city relative to the alternatives for attracting executive talent. It's very attractive in terms of being able to travel to a lot of places. It's got a lot of the right symbolism, which are going to deal with a lot of the countries in that part of the world. So those were all the reasons that we chose Singapore to be our regional headquarters there. Then as the factors that determine how much we're going to invest there, it's very much what the quality and quantity of interest we get in different pockets. And so on the one hand, well, I guess , I'll just stop there. Sort of a self-evident statement, but it's really true. As we're visiting different countries, how many people want to talk to us, how high-quality are they as partners, what are the relative economics in that country versus another? How many countries can we realistically advance the ball in at any one time? So those are the variables. So it is the case where assuming we're being prudent, more expense means there are more opportunities. So that is a positive, but in the early years, it manifests itself as larger losses.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Market: What about the competitive landscape there? Is there a lot of dialysis providers or you guys are going to be the only game in town?
Kent Thiry: The dialysis market overall in the world is very fragmented. FMC, Virginia has a significant international service business, built in close conjunction with our long-standing product business. And then for most of the rest of the world, it's very fragmented and there's still a lot of places where the government provides dialysis. And this gets to one of those -- one of those fundamental trends going on is governments realizing that they need to provide dialysis to their population because with a smaller world, more and more people know it exists, know what the differences between quality and non-quality. It's much more binary and transparent and discreet and obvious than the quality of diabetic or pneumonia care or vaccinations. So first of all, the inside population have and to the fact that it exists is much greater. And then what happens after that is governments realize, "oh, my gosh, there's going to be a lot of people. We're really inefficient and low quality in providing it. My gosh, somehow we've got to harness market forces to deal with the social problem." It is striking that we have more receptive meetings with governments in other countries than here in the sense that other countries really believe that unless we harness market forces, we cannot solve our healthcare challenge and here, we've been, to some extent been cursed by the fact we have enough money to believe that maybe you can.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Market: Got it. Okay. And then going on to the guidance, maybe Luis could take this one. The 2012 guidance, just wondering what the underlying assumptions are for top line growth, treatment growth, capital deployment. What goes into the operating income guidance you provided?
Luis Borgen: Yes. They're in line with our historical. So for the capital piece of it, we went through the capital assumptions, are there any specific questions I can walk you through? I think we set cap -- maintenance CapEx was 240 -- 212. We haven't determined CapEx for '12 for our operating income guidance. It's pretty far out there. We could give you a flavor for what type of growth we could see. And if we look at the midpoint-to-midpoint, we're about 7.5% operating income growth with a range that reflects the possible outcomes against some of the swing factors we mentioned. Mix, VA pressure, state Medicaid pressure, international investments to the extent we want to accelerate that.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Market: . Do you think growth in '12 is a good run rate to use long term for the business?
Luis Borgen: A long-term growth rate is quite reflective of the slide we showed at the end, which is 5% to 6% unit growth. Some fixed cost leverage getting us to 9% -- 11% EPS growth. Year-to-year that could vary, but I would use that framework for more longer-term projections.
Kent Thiry: But wait a minute, I want to break in. That's a scenario. That we live in a space where to ignore the nontrivial probability of these continuities and the revenue or expense side positive or negative, to ignore that would be inappropriate. So when you think about longer term, that's a scenario. It is not a prediction. That would be foolish.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Market: Okay. Then last question. On the commercial contracting side, can you remind us what percent of your commercial contract is bundled and what type of price escalators you typically get on annual basis?
Kent Thiry: Yes. Other than saying that the percent of our private in bundle is going up every year. I don't know if we got any instance of anyone going from bundling back to fee-for-service. JR, have we? No, so far it's a total one-way street. So the percentage that's bundled goes up all the time. And as to escalators, they vary by quite a bit. There will be the range of probably, gas. But I think we should leave it at that, particularly, a bunch of the people that we talked to and negotiate with our -- listening to the phone call.
Brian Zimmerman: Brian Zimmerman with Deutsche Bank. Next year, part of your annual update will be subject to risks by your results in the QIP with a score of 26 and above. We're glad that you keep your rate. Based on what your current 2011 quality scores are, what would your QIP score be?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, so the way this works -- and let me -- this may be pulling it back a little is that in 2012, we're going to be paid for performance that we achieved in 2010 compared to 2007. So the answer to the question is. If they would use current data, we would perform quite well on the QIP. But unfortunately, that's not the construct. What we are advocating now with CMS, for example, is that the 2010 performance should be compared to '09, the most current year that it could be compared to for our payment in '12. That's one option for them to do. Really the statute required them to pick some measures in advance, to set targets in advance. So our overarching goal for 2013 is to implement this in the right way where they do pick the benchmarks and the goals we work with them, get a public campaign. So the community is really improving the level of care for all of our patients. But that's not how it's working today.
Brian Zimmerman: Okay. So if you're using the current data, the reimbursement would be close to 100%?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, if you are using current data and the 2 majors that they've identified, which would be the hemoglobin and apathy.[ph]
Brian Zimmerman: Can you talk about -- nobody answered the additionals. Can you talk a little bit about that in light of the healthcare reform? How does that sit into the integrated care, coordinated care and if you -- you briefly mentioned, if you actually exclude specialists probably like you guys, you are saying you are doing some demonstrating -- demonstration project. So how do you see that demonstration will be expanded, and maybe just a little bit of comment on that.
Kent Thiry: Yes, so the question is about the demonstration projects in the context of ACOs and all that stuff? The -- whether or not our demonstration project our core demonstration project will be expanded, I don't know. JR, is that likely?
Unknown Executive: Right now, no.
Kent Thiry: So we're looking at some growth there. It's nothing dramatic, nothing that's going to sort of be a blip on your radar screen. For us, it's the mechanism for which to demonstrate the CMS that it really can work, and it can work on a significant body of patients. So we're going to see some growth there. But without something new from the government, we're not able to -- we can't scale that demonstration project without some new authorization from CMS.
Brian Zimmerman: It's not any healthcare reform.
Kent Thiry: No.
Brian Zimmerman: What's the economics of that type of project?
Kent Thiry: I think -- that's not -- this demonstration project, what we're doing is not something able to be embedded in the healthcare reform. The answer to that is no. It was not and what's the...
Brian Zimmerman: Economics of that type of arrangement versus the current dialysis treatment?
Kent Thiry: Well, the next question, what are the economics of that I don't -- some of it we're limited as to what we can say publicly because it's just seems as the [ph] demonstration project. But suffice it to say, I think we had, in the first 3, 4 years, were 58 quality targets that CMS set. We hit 55 of the 58. The MLR is attractive and going down. The patients adore it. The physicians like it because there's always coordinating work done. And so that's some of the factors that I can share. Andreas?
Andreas Dirnagl: Kent, I want to go back to Kevin's questions on the International. You've talked about international potentially having great -- or being a great opportunity. You talked about in 2011 spending roughly $50 million. You've now said today you may accelerate some of that, may go into 2012. I have to say that's quite out of character for you in terms of, "Hey, we're going to spend a lot of money on what looks like it could be an opportunity." And I'm wondering from the CEO perspective, how you're thinking about it in terms of this is how much I would invest and if I don't start getting a return in this timeframe, I'm going to cut the cord on this or we're going to have to reassess it.
Kent Thiry: I think -- talking about the way I do, Andreas, because it is going to take a significant period of time before you get a return on this. And to announce you're going to go out and do international healthcare service, and create any other expectations, really a bad idea. So is that right, why do anything that is going to take a long time, cost a non-trivial amount of money, and has risks and consumes management resources, but the only answer is because if it works, it's a very, very big pie. Very, very big. It's a multiple of the U.S. market size. And so this is one of those we're going to spend an amount that's not trivial but also doesn't put at risk as the base business that also doesn't lead us to some precipitous drop in stock prices. Stock prices are not going to go down $30 because we spent $50 million internationally. So we're not betting the farm. This is sort of the equivalent doing R&D on a new drug or something. And so yes, it might not work. If it works, it's $1.5 billion drug. So I'm going to do that, but I want to make sure I don't have it consume too high a percentage of my R&D, too high a percentage of my management time. So one of the things that's wrong in the American healthcare service is there's inadequate R&D from an investment point of view and from an intellectual rigor point of view. Well this is very controlled R&D on something that has spectacular long-term upside, but that emphasis on the word long term and bumps along the road is really important. So that's why I'm talking about it differently than if we were adding a vascular access center. When we added vascular access centers 8 years ago, we're going to try it, try to get regs right, we'll invest. If doesn't work, you get out of it. That's what's different.
Andreas Dirnagl: Okay, great. And then can we obviously take then something from your decision to date that probably developing economies in Southeast Asia is sort of the preliminary focus? Or are there going to be other regional centers that you're thinking about doing? Or is it sort of just focus for now and once we get our feet wet here, then we'll move on to other.
Kent Thiry: I would be surprised and disappointed if we weren't active in more areas than just Southeast Asia. And that wasn't a conviction we went into it with but just a couple of other parts of the world where quality people are responding with enthusiasm to the notion of working with us and they want to work with us now. And the notion of saying, "We'll come back in a couple of years when it's more convenient for us" is very unattractive.
Andreas Dirnagl: Okay. And then 2 quick ones on a different subject, if I could. One just to review either Luis or Kent, in terms of your guidance and the ranges you are giving, the risks that you then talked about in terms of what could affect that guidance, they are incorporated into that guidance and then what could lead it to be at the lower end as opposed to the higher end of the range? In other words, something would have to happen outside of your probabilistic assessment in order to go below your guided ranges right now? You've incorporated what you think the reasonable risks are in that range. Is that correct?
Luis Borgen: Yes, but with any forecasts, there's always something that could fall outside that. We think is a reasonable assessment, and we'd have to be prudent to highlight those risks that we face or could face to varying degrees next year.
Andreas Dirnagl: Okay. And then final one, I don't know, maybe it's for LeAnne. Can you just help me and review how the transition of patients goes if they come on board with Medicaid? Because I believe if they come on board Medicaid, it is accelerated that they go into Medicare? Is that correct?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Two scenarios. If you come in through Medicaid and youre a home patient unperfect in hemodialysis, you're instantly moved into the Medicare program if you're eligible. Now if you are a regular hemodialysis patient, you would be eligible to enter Medicare after 3 months.
Unknown Analyst - : Kent, I'm just wondering as you've highlighted today and over the course of the last several years, there's great stability in the business, has been for a long time. When I think about reimbursement issues today versus any time over the course of the past couple of years, it seems like we're getting a little bit more clarity around directionally how that's going to shake out. The -- from a debt capital markets perspective, capital appears to be plentiful today, relatively attractively priced. And so I'm really wondering as from a longer-term capital planning perspective, while we're today in this 3x leverage context, any thoughts about as you look out over the near term altering what has traditionally been that comfort zone in terms of leverage and taking that up to some degree from the current context and getting a little bit more aggressive in terms of share repurchase. I'm not talking about the days of Gambro, Kent, where you were 5-plus-times the leverage but going from a 3x comfort zone to maybe a 4-ish times comfort zone and just getting a bit more aggressive in terms of share repurchase. Any thoughts around that?
Luis Borgen: Yes, I think we would start by rejecting the historical premise that the last few years have been stable. That -- what's happened is the last 2 years has been incredibly dynamic and it's netted out to something that much stable on a graph. And it's very different things. And as we look forward, there are some elements of our revenue and cost and unit growth structure, which are more stable than the last 4 years, which in our mind have been anything but stable. And there are other parts, primarily the government reimbursements and exchanges and the overall economy that are not stable. And so trying to give a weighted average stability score across the whole sort of universe of things that affect our stock price, I don't know, we haven't had that debate. But I wouldn't be a no-brainer. I think directionally, there'd be some sense that on a net basis that the next couple of years look more stable than the last 4. But that -- it says more about how unstable the last 4 were with traditional bundling legislation, the step around orals, the list goes -- the healthcare reform. List goes on and on. Therefore -- first, that comments on the context on the premise, therefore, at this point, we have no change of -- we have no intention to amend the leverage guidance we've had for 11 years now. That 3%, 3.5% seems about right. However, we probably haven't had a great debate on that subject for a couple of years because it wasn't relevant. So maybe that's something we should do over the next year or so.
Unknown Analyst - : I wanted to go back to one of your earlier comments that you feel like the Medicare reimbursements have given the way to CMS pays for it -- major payer for it results in also situation where CMS and everybody overpays for a certain period of time, like you might see in some other sectors. Should we read that comment to mean that you feel like bundled payment rate as it's constructed today is more or less an aggregate spending where it should be and you don't expect CMS to come back next year in the 2012 rate and making negative adjustment down because spending is higher than you thought or anything like that?
Kent Thiry: Could you repeat the first part about overpaying, because they're foreign concepts to me.
Unknown Analyst - : In your comments you said that because the government pays for most of the dialysis, you're never going to see huge overpayments. You're going to see huge underpayments...
Kent Thiry: Or you won't see huge -- yes. There you go.
Unknown Analyst - : You have seen overpayments for certain period of time, but you don't see that happening in dialysis, I guess.
Kent Thiry: Yes. Okay. What will Medicare do as they stare the bundle in the first couple of years, impossible to know. We still lose money on Medicare. So that's a very powerful fact. They clearly made mistakes, some of the case mix adjuster, to make a case mix adjuster dependent on data we do not have and cannot get is totally unfair. And then to have projected incidence levels of some case mix adjusters that are 10x off what all the other data says is patently unfair. So they've got some serious things to fix which should lead to them closing the gap between our expense per treatment and Medicare revenue per treatment. So that is the big should. Will they do that? Don't know. Could they in fact do the opposite and say, "Well, it looks like the private sector's willing to keep subsidizing, let's go ahead and see if we can get away with cutting it, even though we made those mistakes and we know it or let's not correct those mistakes and rely more heavily on the private sector." That could happen. I mean, they relied on the private sector to subsidize it for 30 years so far. And while it goes up a little bit or down a little bit each year, that reality has been true for a long time. So did that answer the question?
Unknown Analyst - : I guess we're going to be seeing a proposed rule in the next 3 or 4 months, I guess. And so I don't know if there's any dialogue that you've had with CMS that kind of makes you feel like, at least for right now they kind of feel like things are still in flux and you expect 2012 to be stable or whether there's...
Kent Thiry: Well, they play pretty close to the vest. And if we're going to be -- it gets back to no huge surprise either way, I think. I think it's highly unlikely there will be a big surprise either way. How do you amend that?
LeAnne Zumwalt: No, I would say the same thing. And I would add one comment. In all the other PTS systems, they have looked at that system holistically when they are making changes. We would expect that same treatment. So identifying a single item and cutting this or that, we would not expect that. We shouldn't have to expect that. They should be looking at the payment system holistically as Kent mentioned.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. And then when I think about the -- just switching subjects, the cash flow bridge that you provided is very helpful, but you said you're going to be selling 15%, 20% more of DSI. Do you think that there's going to be $100 million or more of proceeds from asset sales? And I don't remember seeing that in that bridge. Is that the right way to be thinking about it just, maybe it doesn't all happen in 2011 despite inputting the numbers but...
Luis Borgen: You're correct. That was not on the bridge and to the degree that we have excess cash or cash proceeds from the divestitures, which we expect we will, and that would be a source of cash that we'd have to decide what to do with it.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. And then last topic here. You didn't spend a whole lot of time talking about the other businesses, about your assets, the Rx and the wellness. How do you think about those businesses in your growth profile going forward, the profitability. I mean, some of them have been struggling back, 2 to 3 profitable. Where do you think that those can go over the next couple of years?
Luis Borgen: With respect to those 3, VillageHealth, which is integrated care, Lifeline, which is our vascular access, and DaVita Rx, which is specialty pharmacy. On VillageHealth, whether or not that becomes something which is materially -- which is economically material to you, we won't know for a couple of years. And maybe not ever. So that one is pretty impossible to predict. We'll always continue to do VillageHealth type stuff because it's essentially clinical innovation in R&D that informs our base business anyway because some of those practices we can incorporate, add more value to the system and do better with Medicare Advantage and private payers, some segments that actually do look at this stuff. So it would never go away. So we're getting back on a Andreas' question, do you ever shut it down? No because you'd have that function as a cost center no matter what, even if you weren't trying to develop a revenue stream associated with it. The amount you invested in it is, of course, a part driven by what do you think are the shots that you can actually get revenue greater than expenses but you'd always have it there as a cost center expense no matter what. And Lifeline, our vascular access centers, we hope they continue to grow but that's not going to be anything that is going to become economically material just because it's too small. This is very important, for a number of our physician relationships because the nephrologist love it and what it does. And it's very significant because we're the best at it in America and their conversations with some of the payers, because it saves them stunning amount of money. So it is a good thing, and we like it a lot but it's not going to become economically material like quadrupling in size or something like that. And then on DaVita Rx, if they reasonably fund orals in the bundle in 2014, which is in their best interest to do both clinically and economically, then, DaVita Rx can become economically material to you guys.
Justin Lake: Just a follow-up, one quick question on new centers, you mentioned closures in the slide show. Maybe you can just discuss what your success rate is right now versus where it was 3 to 5 years ago?
Kent Thiry: Well, I'm going to guess there are -- and then if someone could correct me, but I know I'm not going to be far off, the success in de novo if you look at all of them over the last 9 years, probably still at 99%, plus or minus 1%. Does anybody know? I still don't know of any -- if we had any failures from the de novos. Do you know of any? So I'm going to assume we've had some, but it's -- so some of the closures weren't de novos. If you acquire 4 centers, you might close one down, but it's still very high. If you recall strategically, we decided, when we had that big year with 85, our decision was we had too high batting average that we needed to have more failures -- it would be better to have a 90% hit rate with 1,000 at-bats than 100% a hit rate with 500 at-bats. So your shareholders are much better off because 90% still leads to a weighted average of great returns, so you might as well double the amount of capital you're deploying into that area. So that was when we spiked things up for a bit. And so that -- that's where my guess -- we went up from the 0 we used to be at to having some failures or ones that are probably going to fail over the next year or 2. But that was conscious. It was -- we had an inappropriately high success rate.
Justin Lake: And just on capital deployment, the share repurchases seem to be moving a little bit in fits and starts. You're very aggressive in the back half of the year. They did nothing in the first quarter. Then it looked like you bought closer to 1 million shares in April. Any kind of rhyme or reason there that we should be looking for as we get to the back half of the year in '12 as far as how you'll be deploying free cash flow to share repurchases?
Luis Borgen: It fits and starts and no rhyme or reason, okay. I'm trying to reflect in whether or not that appropriately captures how we think about it or not. And we don't have to amend your question at all. The -- you know the answer, Justin, we look at this every quarter, we have for 11 years. We evaluate all the same factors that you would. First quarter alternatives in terms of growth and do we have any need to do anything on the debt side. And then we look at what's going on in the market itself and both in the debt markets in terms of terms and our own market in terms of what's going on with the stock. And so we would think, what is it "foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds." So some people have that philosophy. We prefer no rhyme or reason and fits and starts.
Justin Lake: Lastly on ECOs obviously, I think the world would agree that there was -- the initial take on the regulation was disappointing to say the least. I was wondering if you might have some opportunities through the centers of innovation. Any other ways to work with managed care for instance, with Medicare or maybe Medicare Advantage or any commercial business to take advantage of some of the investments you've made there? To put yourself in a position to kind of, I don't know, if you want to call it capitation or to more holistically manage these patients.
Kent Thiry: We will take a swing with CMI.
Justin Lake: And any thoughts on magnitude or timing there to how many patients do you think you can get through?
Kent Thiry: We're willing to go big. The notion that the government [ph] will be a willing partner in growing big, it's a bit farfetched.
Justin Lake: Timing there? Whether you expect you might hear something or be able to...
Kent Thiry: I mean, they want to go fast. And they want to go fast for the 1.5 year it's taken them to get people working in the room. So where do you go with that, but they do sincerely want to move. But they're just -- it's not in their organizational DNA. So we'll see. And they have some really talented people there who have every intention of getting some stuff done. Whether or not they can overcome all the organizational obstacles that life puts in your way once you're a part of that organization, which again is not a function of their being bad people but just the cumulative set of procedural rules that they have to follow, even in that group, is pretty formidable. And so hopefully, this group of wonderful folks will be able to do stuff that others couldn't and actually be able to go fast. But we would never predict that view.
Justin Lake: Any investment there that -- yes, I know you've made a lot of investments whether it's VillageHealth or the drug, the pharma distribution business. It would seem like you've got a lot in place to get started there, but any investments we should keep in mind that you would need to put in place for that?
Kent Thiry: Good point. In the unlikely scenario that they wouldn't go big and they wouldn't go fast, we would have to announce Q1 investment of that P&L investment.
Justin Lake: Any definition of what big would mean as far as percentage of your patients?
Kent Thiry: I think I just rather wait until we have -- I'd just be picking a number, Justin, so I just don't -- I just don't think there would be any value in my giving you a number.
Unknown Analyst - : Maybe just to get a quick update on kind of a competitive landscape, seems like there have been maybe some fits and starts, some new entrants into the market and how, if any impact, it is having on your ongoing contracting with medical directors?
Kent Thiry: I would say that the level of competitiveness today versus a year ago versus 2 years ago versus 3 years ago has been quite constant. There's a couple 2, 3 bigger players and then there's 3 or 4 medium players and then there's small players and new entrants and there's independent physicians. So I think that's been pretty constant for the last few years, always intense and no sign of that abating. Also no particular sign of it getting more intense, but there's already quite intense, full-fledged, full-contact support. If you want to do a follow-up question of it.
Unknown Analyst - : And then I guess maybe just along with that or maybe separately, just any changes, is it more difficult, easier in terms of renewing contracts with medical directors or just a new supply in nephrologist and their availability?
Kent Thiry: Yes, I would say that's also the same, which is -- both for renewing medical directors and signing up new medical directors, the competition is very intense, and that's no different from the last 3 or 4 years. I don't know if any of you are sensing anything different. Feel free to bring it up. Javier? Javier's gone. Would you say that's the case? He runs a big chunk of the country so he would have a more granular sense.
Unknown Analyst - : And then I guess, maybe just separately to follow up on -- under a scenario where Medicare decides whenever that might be to try to a take whack at the bundled reimbursement rate. What do you view maybe other than the leverage you have with commercial payers is some of the bigger levers that you would think would be kind of your first line to try to minimize the impact to earnings?
Kent Thiry: And so this is if Medicare significantly reduced the bundled reimbursement?
Unknown Analyst - : Exactly.
Kent Thiry: Yikes. Do you guys want to answer that? Well, certainly, we go -- the way we work, you go right to the private payers and push for higher rate increases, because overall, you see our average profitability, we have an awful lot of centers that are hovering $0.01 above, breakeven or x dollars below. And we carry a non-trivial number of centers that lose money. And so those become really untenable quickly and a whole bunch of others that are profitable, but inadequate return on -- if you knew it's going to be that low, you wouldn't have done it unless there were broader reasons. So those become negative. So you would -- the industry's response would be to immediately go to the private payers and take more, as well as going to pharma and device companies and ask them for bigger -- for price reductions. But it would also probably have implications for annual merit increases for our teammates, as well as for -- all our teammates, including the ones that are sitting in this room. So that was a pretty generic answer but I don't think there's any other way. I don't think there's any sort of silver bullet or fire.
Unknown Analyst - : Just a couple of more, Kent, quick, pre-DSI, you had been talking about having an appetite for an MDO acquisitions. I was wondering, did DSI sate that appetite? Or is there something -- are you still, as the opportunity arise, be willing to buy something bigger as opposed to just sort of the regular tuck-in acquisitions?
Kent Thiry: We would always be willing to and then of course it's a minus divestiture leakage. So it gets more difficult. But intellectually, it's just a numbers thing. If the numbers are right, you can do it.
Unknown Analyst - : And then just in terms of -- we've talked about it a couple of times and then a couple of different ways sort of equal rights for dialysis patients sort of an interim step is MSP extension. Would you characterize that concept as something that is in active discussions and do you see as a cost saving? Or is it something that you guys in the industry have been pushing and haven't been able to get traction on?
Kent Thiry: I'd say right now it's not active. Some people -- a lot of people in Congress keep a list, scored-savings ideas. And so it's on the shelf in a lot of people's offices. And so we'll see if it gets pulled out.
Unknown Analyst - : What's the rough score, LeAnne, for a half -- for say, a 6-month extension or 12-month extension?
LeAnne Zumwalt: I think and I recall, I would say the government, it was $1.5 billion over a time, I think, 6-month extension, something like that. If you're really want to know, I'll look it up and send it to you.
Luis Borgen: And my memory is $1.2 billion for this 12 months over 10 years, so we'll find out and see.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay, great. And then finally, Kent, you often don't get a lot of questions about sort of the quality side, but now that you're through or the clinical side, I should say. But now that you're through your preps for the bundle, can you just talk about the process that you went through in terms of the medical board and the decisions they made? How that was disseminated to your physicians and whether there was any major pushback or any issues that you faced along the way?
Kent Thiry: Yes, I love the question because it's actually a great process. What the bundled precipitated was a more intense and reflective analysis of a whole bunch of clinical practices, and it happened in a while because while we look at it very intensely and analytically over the year, a lot of other doctors who are busy running their lives, running their practices and there will be opportunities to really step back and say, "Wow, well let's reflect on the interaction between DSOs and iron. Let's reflect on oral drugs. Let's reflect on this." And so there was a lot -- during this process when we started sending out proposed protocol changes and ideas and created a form for them to share ideas independent of us, the participation dramatically exceeded what we normally have. And so it's very, intellectually robust, and so we went through. I mean, we started on this, well, ahead of time of course. We went through a series of really cool research studies, all sort of micro-compressed in a period of time in order to experiment with some of the ideas that different physicians were throwing out. And so if you went to this through the outcomes, what would this do to outcomes. And so it was -- we've run those cases when necessity was the mother of invention. We had to do a lot of experimenting quickly, but still have very rigorous data. And so it was broad, and it was deep and it was quite nimble. It was unsustainable as a way to run yourself. But it was good. And it got a lot of dollar. A lot of doctors enjoyed it because they haven't done it in some time. They had instead rely on the experts and the rest. So it was very, very healthy. And then of course -- and then to pick an area of anemia, that has been for the last 5 years, all sorts of this controversy was -- some new studies coming out that are well regarded, some studies coming out not so well regarded. Different points of view. And you've heard now that Amgen is saying the FDA is thinking of eliminating explicit hemoglobin ranges. That's just not useful given how different, different patients are. The hypo-responders versus the hyper, ethnic differences, et cetera. What happens when you come out of the hospital versus when you went. And so in particular, the fact that the 2 things coincided, the implementing of a bundle and some of the new science and new government pronouncements on ESAs led to an incredibly intense discussions revisiting stuff in really healthy ways. Is that responsive? And one of the reasons again, to buy for the -- it's easy for me to say that, is that true or not, and is it relevant or not? Well, the fact that there was such an immediate pickup of the final protocol that emerged after all these iterations was a direct reflection of the breadth and depth of involvement and the intellectual integrity around it. And if I could finally, there was a little bit more consensus in an area where there's been a lot of pitter patter. And then second, for you again, you've got to worry about companies getting subpoenaed post-bundle because while the government said 2.5 years ago, we want to put in the bundle but we want you to figure out ways to do less and hold clinical outcomes constant. That's what we want you to do. Go do that. You have 3 years to do it. And as soon as you do it, you get subpoenaed, accusing you of having done it in the wrong way. And the good news for us is we did it with incredible intellectual integrity and documentation rigor, but that doesn't mean we wanted to go through 3 years of someone looking for fault.
Unknown Analyst - : Kent, you alluded briefly to PD and Home HD, and you also alluded, I think, briefly to transplants. You're going through the slides at a ferocious space. I didn't actually see the mix between PD and conventional HD and Home HD. I thought I missed it because of the pace that you guys were going at. And also I didn't quite understand the economic impact on you across those modalities. And last, I know it's a wonderful thing when people get a kidney transplant, and they don't have to be on dialysis any more. But I don't understand the frequency of that, the probability of somebody reaching that end as opposed to the other, death. And I wonder if you can just kind of talk through those aspects as well.
Kent Thiry: Sure. Either of you want to do any of those.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Go ahead.
Unknown Executive: Go ahead.
Kent Thiry: Okay. We didn't show the mix. PD has probably moved from 8% or so to a little over 9%. HHD is still 1/8 of that or so and not changing. And then as to economics, if you look at it on a theoretical basis, in many instances, PD is less expensive for treatment in the bundle than normal HD. And HHD is more expensive in every case, whether theoretical or the applied. The reason was PD emphasized that if you look at it sort of theoretical basis, is that -- with PD, you have to achieve a certain scale and stability in order to achieve those theoretical economics. And a significant percentage of PD in America is done subscale and without the right consistency. And so, the theoretical relative to PD economics are often not reflected in the aggregate reality. So with PD, you can see differences. With HHD, it's more expensive all the time.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay, that's more expensive to you. So it's in the bundle, you're paid the same whether it's PD or conventional or HHD when you talked about more expensive or less expensive more specifically...
Kent Thiry: Yes, that's what it [ph] costs to us.
Unknown Analyst - : So the economics are advantageous to you if the patient is actually able to have a PD modality, but in most cases, they're not?
Kent Thiry: Well, in most cases not, but again as I make the point, theoretically, you can say what advantage if it's PD, again, assuming it's clinically equivalent for the patient as the absolute black-and-white first filter. But second, in the real world, a lot of PD ends up having hidden costs because of subscale programs, accepted churn in the patient base because of poor patient selection, et cetera. So the pro forma that someone creates about PD and the bundle is not supported by the operating reality and so the delta is not nearly as large and, in many cases, unachievable.
Unknown Analyst - : And what about transplants and other things that may disrupt the historic patterns through the substitution risks and technological change? How many people get transplanted, is it a pretty small number?
Kent Thiry: About 17,000 a year. So 17,000 and that has been, thus far, as a percentage of the total ESRD patients, is that right? So far -- and absolutely going down, because I know long, long ago, it's 11,000 to 12,000 showing my age. Right now, what the experts say and what some of you may know differently, and please speak up. What the experts say is that there is nothing happening that is likely to materially change the number of transplant donors in your investment conference. But I -- this is just me parroting what people who supposedly understand this say, we're open to any other perspectives but I don't see any.
Unknown Executive: And are there technological changes going on that might seem to disrupt?
Kent Thiry: Nothing that I can think of off-hand. I got an iPhone. All right. We got the 5-second countdown. If not, we appreciate your interest in us and appreciate your endurance here this morning. Please let us know if Boston works for you and please let us know if there are other things you wanted us to discuss more coherently or completely, so we can do a better job for you next year. Thank you very much.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-10 17:00:00) =====
Executives: LeAnne Zumwalt - VP of IR Kim Rivera - Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Luis Borgen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Jim Gustafson - Vice President of Investor Relations Kent Thiry - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc. Shelley Gnall-Sazenski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Unknown Speaker Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Jeff Hoernemann - Feltl and Company, Inc. Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray Companies Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc Ilan Chaitowitz - Redburn Partners LLP Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and Welcome to the DaVita Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Gustafson, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, Beverly, and welcome, everyone, to our fourth quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. And with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Luis Borgen, our CFO; and LeAnne Zumwalt.  I'd like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statement. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and annual report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason.  Additionally, I'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website.  I'll now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent Thiry: Okay. Thank you, Jim. Greetings to everyone. Thank you for your interest in DaVita. The fourth quarter reflected solid operating performance on two different levels: A, the results from sales; and B, our work to prepare for the bundle. I will cover four topics: clinical outcomes, our recently announced acquisition, bundling and our outlook.  Let me start with clinical outcomes. We always put that first because it must come first. We are first and foremost a caregiving company, serving more than 125,000 patients. First, with respect to adequacy, which is essentially how well we are doing in removing toxins from our patients' blood, this past quarter, 96% of our hemodialysis patients had a Kt/V greater than 1.2. Second, with respect to vascular access, 67% of our patients have fistulas, which is the preferred form of vascular access.  Third, with respect to anemia management, physicians have managed 73% of our patients to hemoglobin levels between 10 g/dL and 12 g/dL over the last three months. For these and virtually all other clinical measures, our patient outcomes compare very favorable to the national averages. And this quality care not only results in healthier patients, but also drives reductions in hospitalizations and surgical procedures and therefore, drives significant savings to the U.S. taxpayer.  Next, a few words about our recently announced acquisition of DSI. As always, we have received some questions about the price and expected return. The short answer is that there is a high probability that we will earn a satisfactory return when we apply the same return on capital discipline to this transaction as we have to the many, many large and small acquisitions we've done over the past 11 years. And one distinctive feature of this asset is that it has some particularly attractive geographies and physician group affiliations as well as many, many excellent caregivers and other employees. And we are very excited that we're going to be able to offer our much broader range of integrated services to these wonderful centers, improving clinical outcomes, improving service offerings to patients and physicians and reducing the overall cost of care for payers.  As you know, this transaction is subject to antitrust review. We will have to divest a fair number of centers. We are already seeing strong demand for whatever divestitures we will make, and we're even contacted by a number of potential buyers. There will be minimal operating income impact from this deal in 2011 because the transaction is likely to close in the second half of the year. And we will, of course, incur some transaction and integration costs in the first few quarters post close, and it will take some time to achieve the ultimate synergies.  Next subject is bundling. As of January 1, we are in the bundle as most of you know. You will also recall that we are being subjected to an annual cut of approximately $140 million in Medicare reimbursement for our 2010. We are working hard to fill this gap and are making solid progress. There are still also a few uncertainties under the new reimbursement itself. We do not yet know how the clinical changes that physicians are implementing will play out across our entire patient population. We will not receive our first payments for a couple more weeks, and we continue to have to work on being able to identify and capture case mix and outlier adjusters. This is one of the frustrating exceptions to the otherwise collaborative process we have had with CMS in implementing the bundle.  They were told by the entire community ahead of time that not only do we not have the data for many of the proposed adjusters, but also no one has obligated to give it to us, period, much less on a timely basis. And so these adjusters will create a lot of operating issues and will also mean we will not receive the reimbursement level that CMS has projected.  Putting all of this together, our current outlook is that 2011 operating income will be flat or modestly down. The cryptic summary of why a lot of the good things are offset leading us for that directional guidance is the following five items: A, the Medicare cut just alluded to; B, Medicaid cuts; C, VA cuts or more likely reduction in VA patient volume as we can no longer afford to take more government-paid patients at reimbursement that is less than the cost of taking care of them; D, commercial mix changes; and then E, an unusual surge in our G&A expenses driven primarily by IT investments and our investment in international growth.  One other variable that significantly affects the G&A, in fact, our third variable, is the growth of some of our non-dialysis units is well above our treatment growth rate and this drives the aggregate corporate G&A expense as a percentage even though it does not represent any unusual G&A growth in and of itself.  Before I turn it over to Luis, a couple other thoughts. We continue to believe that our company is well positioned to operate in the bundled dialysis world. We still believe that if they fix the problems in the implementation, the bundle will be good for patients and good for the overall system. And we do intend to hold our capital markets day in Boston on May 3 in conjunction with our Q1 earnings call. And at that time, we hope very much to be able to give you more specific 2011 guidance and provide more color about how the bundling transition is going. We hope to see many of you there and answer every single question you have.  Luis?
Luis Borgen: Thanks, Kent. Here are some specifics on the quarter. Non-acquired growth was 4.4%. When normalized for the calendar, our non-acquired growth in the quarter was 4.2%. This past quarter, dialysis revenue decreased $8 per treatment. [Audio Gap]  2011. Our effective tax rate attributable to DaVita was lower than previously expected this quarter, primarily due to nonrecurring tax benefits associated with close examinations and statutes. We expect our effective tax rate for 2011 to be in the range of 39.5% to 40.5%.  We have entered into interest rate hedges that have effectively fixed our interest rates through September of 2014. As a result of these hedges, we expect interest expense in 2011 to be between $235 million to $240 million. Cash flows remain strong. In 2010, we generated $840 million in operating cash flow and $597 million in free cash flow.  Looking ahead, I want to remind you of a few things for the first quarter. When we began on January 1, which means a sequential drop in Medicare revenue per treatment from Q4. The first quarter is shorter at 77 treatment days, which means fewer overall treatments and fewer days over which to amortize fixed expenses.  Payroll taxes are higher in the first quarter, which is about $2 per treatment sequential increase to expenses. For these reasons, you should expect a sequential decline in revenue per treatment and a sequential increase in expense per treatment, meaning a decline in operating income from Q4 2010. You should also expect there will be some short-term collection delays as Medicare contractors and secondary payers process our initial bundled claims. This will impact our cash flows in the first half of the year.  Operator, let's go ahead and open up for Q&A
Kent Thiry: Wait one moment, operator. We're getting some feedback that the phone may have blacked out for a short period. And you know...
LeAnne Zumwalt: I think a few moment or two of Luis' commentary was cut off. And if that's the case, I think what we could do is handle those questions in Q&A. So apologize for that, but understanding that there was a technical issue.
Kent Thiry: Okay. Operator, can you please open up for Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I guess going back to Luis' statements, I think it was probably cut off for, it seemed like about 45 seconds. So Luis, I guess you probably discussed the cost per treatment in the quarter. I don't remember hearing that, so maybe if you go back and discuss your comments on that, that would be helpful.
Luis Borgen: Sure, I'll read that. Let me just reread it to you, a short paragraph. Essentially, dialysis operating expense per treatment decreased $8 from the prior quarter. There were three factors: lower utilization of physician prescribed pharmaceuticals, savings and the unit costs for pharmaceuticals and that was partially offset by some labor and benefit costs.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: That's helpful. And then I guess to your comments about revenue per treatment declining further in 1Q '11, could you provide some more color about that? Is that specifically from some of the issues that, Kent, you mentioned about the coding of the new patients or anything? Anything there would be helpful.
Luis Borgen: Primarily, it's related to the Medicare revenue per treatment as we enter into the bundled environment, coupled with the fact that the quarter is shorter by 77 days and payroll taxes are also higher in the first quarter. Those are the three comments along the Q1 sequential drop.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake with UBS.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: First question just on the revenue per treatment. For some reason, I still haven't picked up exactly what you were saying as far as the decline this quarter. Can you just give me the split between the different components?
Luis Borgen: Sure. The primary reason for the decline was lower utilization of pharma, and the commercial mix was offset by the increase in private rates. So part of what declined was pharmas.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: Can you give us any specifics on the commercial mix and outlook in the quarter? I think you had said it was actually accelerating the deterioration in the third quarter?
Luis Borgen: In the third quarter, we did say that commercial mix was decelerating. In Q4, we had a decline from Q3.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: And was that decelerating even within the same rate, or it looks you might be seeing signs of stabilization there?
Kent Thiry: Let me clarify, the decline or deterioration in Q4 was less than that in Q3.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: So your mix was better in Q4 than Q3?
Kent Thiry: No, the rate of decline was less in Q4 than in Q3. But thanks for forcing the clarification, Justin.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: Going into 2011, if I could just ask a point-specific question. Is the revenue per treatment going to be down, and can you give us a ballpark as far as how much to help us model this? And what is the expected revenue per treatment in the first quarter?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, Justin, we're not providing detailed guidance, as you know, at this time. Safe to say, the Medicare revenue per treatment is going to be down because of the implementation of the bundle.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: On the cost side, you had another decline in pharma. Should we expect to see that continuously go through 2011?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Are you saying utilization declines?
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: Yes, performance intensity?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, Justin, we are in the process. I think Kent mentioned implementing various protocols and changes. How those will take effect when you have hundreds of physicians making daily decisions, we're not yet ready to put a stake in the ground.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: Can I just ask one last question on the minority interest? Looked like it was a little bit higher than what we expected in the quarter. Can you just give us any color on how that's expected to look in 2011 and why that continues to grow?
Luis Borgen: Yes, it fluctuates quarter-to-quarter, but it's primarily driven by more JVs and higher profitability of those JVs. We think that it's a reasonable number for Q4 heading into 2011. It will be in that range.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: So this is a good run rate?
Luis Borgen: It could vary up or down.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, Justin, clearly, it's going to vary slightly as we implement Medicare and the results of all that. So it will fluctuate just with our forecast as you might expect.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shelley Gnall with Goldman Sachs.
Shelley Gnall-Sazenski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I was wondering if you could go back to the comment on the VA rate cuts. Did I understand correctly that it's going to be more -- the impact to DaVita will be more in lost volume rather than natural rate cut?
Kent Thiry: It's impossible to predict until we know exactly what the VA does. They have the right now to assert Medicare rates, but a provider doesn't have to accept a new patient. And so in a whole lot of cases, in order to, say, give veterans the access and quality that they will probably want to, they're going to need to negotiate a non-Medicare rate. And so given there's going to be a lot of negotiating out there, it's impossible to predict exactly what's going to happen. What is clear is we have a lot of centers that can afford to take more patients where the reimbursement is less than the cost. And in particular, and that reflects the conscious decision by the government to do so after being forewarned.
Shelley Gnall-Sazenski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: If I could ask also on the managed care contracts, I understand in the third quarter there was a shift to move more managed care contract to a bundled payment methodology. Can you give us any update on your progress on that front, any color?
Kent Thiry: We haven't been doing any kind of quarter-by-quarter reporting rather than what we've been doing for last 15 months or so is saying that we are satisfied, on track, making progress and that the net results are incorporated into our guidance. And I think we're just going to stick with that for now.
Shelley Gnall-Sazenski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: One more if I could. Any update on your priority uses of cash now given this is going to be a pretty -- that there's a lot of moving parts in 2011? Any thoughts on repurchase?
Kent Thiry: Really no change in our long standing philosophy that every single quarter, we take a look at buying back stock versus investing in growth versus holding cash versus paying down debt. And those dynamics, as you just mentioned, change a lot. And so we can't really predict. I guess the only thing we can predict is we're going to put it through the same sort of analytical template we have for the last 10, 11 years. And as the record indicates, that leads to a lot of different decisions at different points in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: Question for you on the guidance. I appreciate the Q1 color there. It seems like a lot of it that you were guiding us to had to do with just the seasonality that we normally see, but obviously, the rate cuts involve as well. But when we think about the guidance of operating income being flat to down modestly, is it right then to think that the first half of the year we have the rate cut off all of a sudden and it takes some time to get your cost structure in place, means that then the second half of the year is probably going to be flat to up modestly. Is that the right way to be thinking about it?
Kent Thiry: To be honest, we didn't anticipate that particular question, so I'll be speaking out of school a little bit here. But it is certainly the case that we take lots of the revenue hits immediately, and it's certainly the case that some of the adjustments take time. And so the net of those two big tectonic plates shifting would suggest exactly what you said the second half of the year would be better than the first half. Having said that, we've not reflected on everything else out there, and I don't know if there's anything else that would cut in a different direction. So you're probably right, but we don't have an analytical answer to that.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: Well, the thing that would jump out to me in the second half of the year item potentially would be the Amgen contract. I mean, is there any assumption in your guidance around that?
Kent Thiry: Well, the uncertainty around the Amgen contact is one reason why you're getting the breadth of guidance that you're getting. In addition, one other variable that does push the other way more second half dynamism than first half dynamism is the VA. We have a lot of contracts with the VA. Those expire at different times. And so over time, there's a greater cumulative effect of whatever is going to happen with the VA. And so that would be one example where you wouldn't want to rush too quickly to the conclusion that the second half will be better than the first.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: And I think you mentioned in your comments that you guys are facing $140 million Medicare rate cut, which, if I do the math and assume 80% of your patient treatments are Medicare, it gives me about $9 per treatment. Is that the right way to think about it?
LeAnne Zumwalt: That's a reasonable way to think about it.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: Kent, the other comments you made at the beginning was that the quarter was good in part because of all the progress you made for bundling. Where do you feel like you are right now as far as what you need to do to prepare and to react to bundling?
Kent Thiry: Oh, boy. There's about 12 different initiatives under that category, and to try to apply some sort of quantitative score on what percent is done with each one; and in particular, when you kind of don't know where the end line is, you don't know how much you're going to be able to adjust. So I think I just have to punt. We're not 90% done. We're not 10% done. But I get pretty queasy about going a lot further than that even though that's not terrifically useful for you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: Just a few things, really to follow-up on your comments previously, Kent, on VA. Can you just help us think about what percentage of your VA contracts or business, I should say, is contracted in 2011? And just maybe give us a sense for that, because it seems like you have some visibility into the VA cuts given that there is a bunch of it that's contracted?
Kent Thiry: Yes, we haven't disclosed that. And for competitive reasons, we don't think we want to. We feel more pressure to if we thought it would help you get to a better answer. But in this case, it doesn't because even in places where we don't have a contract, it could very well be that the VA does not have a high-quality alternative to our center. So it does not mean that that's going to move to Medicare if we don't have to keep that patient or take the next one. I say all this of course because we like to take care of every veteran in America with a warm embrace. But when the government intentionally implements a policy where they're going to try to force us to take reimbursement that they know is less than expenses, we have to, at some point, pushback somewhat in self-defense. And so given it's not as if there's one clear result with a non-contract situation and the opposite result with a contracted, it's really of no analytical value for you to know the mix. And for us, representing you, it's better that it not be known.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: Next question just relates to anemia management. We have seen a pretty dramatic improvement in your metrics that you're reporting now of 10 g/dL to 12 g/dL over the last year or so, even sequentially. But you've called out a number of times over the last few quarters just about the dramatic reductions in pharma utilization. So I guess maybe just help us better understand, have your protocols already begun to go in place and is that the result? Or is there still more to come relative to rolling out the protocols for 2011?
Kent Thiry: Well, certainly, what you saw in the fourth quarter was not a coincidence. And certainly, we are not done. Could you push the question further in some way where I can be incrementally useful?
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: Well, it just strikes me that your EPOGEN is coming down and your anemia management numbers are improving. So I guess that's the point, maybe less of a question. I am curious to know if Amgen has indicated to large customers like yourselves whether they will continue to be on a biannual cycle with their price increases. Do you have any certainty on that?
Kent Thiry: We'd like them to go to a once-a-decade price increase or so and maybe skip a decade every now and then. They made no comments on that to us. Don't know what they said to others. They do know that there are few more visible issues in the healthcare than the price of that drug, and that now providers have an absolute fixed Medicare reimbursement cap. And so exactly what they're going to do, only they know, but there certainly are a lot of people watching.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: Last question, I think you said yourself that the growth in G&A was maybe a little bit unexpected, maybe I just misheard you. But could you comment a little bit about what's accelerated in your G&A spending? And maybe as a corollary to that, did we start to see any international investment in, I guess, the other segment in Q4? Because you did slip a little bit sequentially. You were sort of breakeven last quarter, so just curious about that.
Kent Thiry: First on the IT, it is an unusual surge and a nontrivial one. Let me just give you two examples. One is, we're putting in a new human resource system, which we haven't done for eight years or so. And if you compare '11 to '10, that's going to be about a $6 million, $6.5 million incremental G&A investment, which will then fall by about $2 million to $3 million in '12 and then further in '13. Second material example, we're putting in a new clinical management system first time in eight years. And that also is leading to plus or minus to $6 million incremental spend in '11 versus '10, and there will be a diminution of a couple million in '12 versus '11 and then somewhat more diminished in '13 versus '12. So those are a couple examples that explain a big chunk of the unusual surge, which will then start to work its way down. And who knows what other investments we may decide to make, but these two are big and very, very mainstream. As to Q4 international, I don't know the specific numbers. But certainly, in Q4, we spent enough on the P&L internationally that it would have moved that dial a little bit. And if Luis or LeAnne want to amend that, they can. So it did play a role. I'm not sure it was a huge one.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: Have you made any definitive decisions about your initial markets, geographies that you plan to pursue?
Kent Thiry: We're still thinking it's in your best interest not to say what they are, but we are a multinational company now in the sense that we have expenses. We hope to move on to the second half of that equation as soon as possible in a couple of carefully selected spots.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ilan Chaitowitz with Redburn Partners.
Ilan Chaitowitz - Redburn Partners LLP: This is Ilan Chaitowitz from Redburn Partners in London. I just got two. The first is about your cost per treatment. And I noticed there was about an $8 decline quarter-on-quarter, and you gave a rather conservative estimates of about $9 hits to your revenues from the bundle. Is it wrong to say that you've already nearly mitigated the entire impact of the bundle on your revenues before it's actually hit your P&L yet? That's the first question. And secondly, I was just wondering if you could give us some sort of probability or your best guess as to what the likelihood is of a transition adjustment revision or update within the first quarter of 2011?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, so the first part of your question, Ilan, I'll answer it. The year-over-year gap in Medicare is the $140 million number we gave you. As Kent said and as you relate that to our entire forecast, there are puts and takes to major offsets to growth, including the specific things that you mentioned, which was the Medicare bundle, impact from government reimbursement in the VA and the Medicaid type programs, some increase spending in G&A and in our international investments. Those are things that we mentioned. Does that answer your question?
Ilan Chaitowitz - Redburn Partners LLP: It kind of pushes the question further out. It means that those other expenses that you're referring to either with VA or other SG&A expense are going to be over and above any incremental cost savings you are likely to generate over 2011, because you already neutralized much of that $9 hit that you quoted?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, I think you can't look at that as a standalone. The $140 million is a revenue hit. We have been working on improvement in protocols and things like that as you saw in the fourth quarter, don't completely offset it. And in fact, probably the $9 isn't quite right. But that said, directionally, we've offset some of it and we'll be working obviously through the year to continue improvement.
Ilan Chaitowitz - Redburn Partners LLP: And on the probability of a transition adjustment revision in the first quarter of 2011?
Kent Thiry: That probability is low. Not zero, but low.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with Citigroup.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: I guess, one, just going back to the transition payment adjustment. Is there any color you think would be helpful for us to have? I know at one point last year you were hopeful there was a legislative solution. And at other points, you were, maybe hopeful isn't the right word, but hopeful of an administrative solution. Kind of where do we stand now, and maybe more specifically as we head into 2012 and we head into the summer when presumably we get a ESRD proposed rule, what's your outlook on a correction of this mathematical error as we head into 2012?
Kent Thiry: Yes, let me take a cut at it. I mean, there's three buckets. As to a legislative solution soon, despite the fact we have a lot of support, it's unlikely because they're so dysfunctional. As to legislative pressure leading to a regulatory solution soon, not in the first quarter but soon, we have a shot. As to an ultimate satisfactory regulatory solution, we have received positive indications but getting positive indications nine months before something actually is going to supposedly happen and all the processes they go through at that time is, well, much better than getting negative comments not nearly as reassuring as we'd like it to be.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Fair enough, and you warned us last quarter on this. When would you anticipate an ESRD proposed rule out on CMS?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, looking forward to 2012 bundle, you mean?
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Yes.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, in the same time frame as we expect in most years, release of the preliminary in the June time frame with finalization around November 1.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: I'm sorry to go back to the G&A. I just want to make sure I understand it. So I understand there are some new IT initiatives having impact on that. I understand that there are new international operations having an impact on that. Are we to take from that though that this $158 million is kind of a right quarterly jumping off point for '11? Or is there still the possibility of some typical, or maybe atypical, but some quarterly volatility in that dollars spend?
Luis Borgen: I expect to be typical volatility in that spend. But as Kent mentioned earlier, we do plan on making some investments in IT and some HR systems as well as international.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: And then moving to the DSI acquisition. Given your comments about the geographies, et cetera, I mean, is there any reason to believe that ultimately you don't do a similar operating margin on that group of assets? And if you can get there, what's a fair assumption on how long it would take?
Kent Thiry: Gary, is this about stuff overseas?
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: DSI.
Kent Thiry: DSI. Okay, I apologize. I missed the first part of your question. So will DSI end up with a comparable margin to us?
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Right.
Kent Thiry: I do not know the honestly correct answer to that question. I know what I said is true that the probability that we get a satisfactory return is comfortably high. I know that math well. I actually don't know the margin math because of course, you can't eat margin and you can only eat long-term cash return on capital. So I apologize, but that's the best I can do. If I just sort of intuit, you would think that if there is a gap, it would narrow because there are some synergies. But become identical, I don't know enough in my head about the geographic mix, and we wouldn't have necessarily taken a look at that because it wouldn't have affected our business decision.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Fair enough. Since you judge it on a cash return metric, any chance you could tell us what sort of return you think this generates?
Kent Thiry: No. That would not be prudent, not in your best interest. What we can say in the spirit of trying to be useful, however, is that the way we've thought about after-tax cash return on equity capital is that if you think of a spectrum and say at one end for highly strategic deals how low are you willing to go, and at the other end for pure vanilla deals, no strategic benefit whatsoever, what would you really like to see, that range for us is from $8 million to $16 million and this deal falls within that range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark (sic) Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets.
Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Actually, it's Frank Morgan with RBC. I was hoping I could get a little bit more color on the -- you mentioned earlier on the impact of having to deal with case mix and outliers. I was just curious about if you could go back and give me a little bit more color on why that is an issue. And then the second question was on this anticipated delay in payment from your intermediaries. Could you quantify that how long do you think that takes? Have they given you any feedback specifically as to how long they think the payment process maybe slowed?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, it's LeAnne. I'll take those questions. On the case mix adjusters, a couple of core issues here. Number one, the fixed acute and chronic conditions are required for us to get documentation from the source, so either from a hospital or a referring physician who made those diagnoses. And unfortunately, there is absolutely no requirement that those institutions work with us to get the documentation. So the set up of the rule itself is quite cumbersome and really quite impractical, and we kind of warned them off it. I think there's some other level of issues within that between the original data that the CMS contractor did in the final rule and some of the codes and things that changed and became much more restrictive. So although we did a nice job of working with CMS to get a number of comorbidity adjustments down, we did not make it all the way to get them to a policy that was really implementable by the dialysis providers. Did that answer your question on case mix?
Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Yes, and how about with the outliers?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, on outliers, that's just simply a matter of data capture and calculation as well as the details of the formula within CMS. We've identified some pharmaceuticals and things that did not get included in the final rule, so won't count towards that goal, and some other issues that's more of a technical nature that I think will prevent CMS from paying out the full total.
Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Does this investment you're making in clinical management in 2011, did that in anyway help address all these issues with documentation for case mix or for outlier?
LeAnne Zumwalt: No, it really doesn't. It's an independent issue.
Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: So what will the clinical management investment actually do and will it have a nice return on it?
Kent Thiry: It will help us improve the quality of care for 125,000 people, and in some cases, incrementally improve our productivity in doing so.
LeAnne Zumwalt: And then I think you had a follow-on question on billing?
Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Yes, just the delays you said you may be experiencing. Have these fiscal intermediaries kind of given you any indication of how long this may be slowed down?
LeAnne Zumwalt: So no, we're really early in the process, and we're just really -- we bill monthly, that's how dialysis is billed. So we've just billed January and, so we're kind of waiting to see how that comes back. That said, a couple of issues have been identified and they're universal to all of the mass that we deal with, some issues with the logic on paying for home claims. And so those are going to get unheld and that would get corrupted. We probably -- we anticipate some other glitches. CMS knows about the first one, and it's clearly working on it. So we'll keep you posted. Again, we think that's a short-term issue, not a long-term issue. So until we really get a quarter or two under our belt, it's hard to predict.
Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: In terms of just when you look at where you are now with basically being the month end of this, are there really any long-term issues that you worry about with bundling? Or is it just this initial period maybe, call it, two or three quarters? Or do you see anything that's just a structural problem that will be with you forever?
Kent Thiry: Fair question. As long as they fix the stuff that needs to be fixed, then the system should work for everyone, and in fact, work better than the old one. It should save the government money. It should lead to some improved care, and it should leave providers solvent.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: In talking about the acquisition and the FTC review, it seemed back when you did the merger or the acquisition of Gambro, that even if there were relatively high concentrations in the market, a lot of the acquisitions were allowed to go through, I think primarily because of barriers to entry were low. Can you talk maybe about what you think has changed, if anything, in the way the FTC is looking at deals or, if anything, in terms of barriers to entry or anything has changed dramatically?
Kent Thiry: A very fair question, and we simply have no visibility into that. And there are people who claim visibility into it, and some say things are going to be stricter now because the industry is more consolidated. Others say that shouldn't be the case because of the rise of home modalities and the fact that there's a lot of proven interest on the behalf of the capital markets in these segments. So clearly, attracting new investment in new competitors. And so some very smart people end up drawing diametrically opposed conclusions, and none of them actually gets to talk to the people that they're talking about. So we just don't know. When we apply the more or less principles and practices of the past, we end up with a range of outcomes that we find very acceptable in the context of the transaction, particularly because there's such healthy demand for anything we have to divest. And ironically, the bigger the number you divest, the higher the multiple is likely to go. But beyond that, there's just isnt much we can say because we don't know.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then looking at the -- going back to the average hemoglobin number and the nice increase you've seen in the patients between 10 g/dL and 12 g/dL, is it possible to get some color? Is that more patients coming down from above 12 g/dL or patients coming up from below 10 g/dL that gets you there?
Kent Thiry: It's more coming from above 12 g/dL, because there's always such a small percentage below 10 g/dL. So that's why the answer is what it is.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And it sounds like you're confident you can continue to drive that number higher. Can you give us maybe any kind of rough range for target?
Kent Thiry: No, I'm afraid not.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then would you expect to give guidance at some point this year maybe after you see the claims for the first quarter, or should we expect that you probably won't give guidance for the remainder of the year?
Kent Thiry: We are hoping to be able to be a lot more helpful to you on May 3 at our capital markets day in Boston, which will be simultaneous to the actual earnings release for those who can't be in Boston live. So that is our hope that we can deliver that to you then.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: The helpfulness being that you think there's a pretty decent chance you will be able to give us some guidance in May?
Kent Thiry: Exactly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Arnold with Piper Jaffray.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray Companies: Just a couple of clarifying ones. Just back to the SG&A comment, maybe to ask the question a little differently. Should we look at Q1 as the SG&A line being sequentially up or flat from the fourth quarter? Or is there enough variability there that, that could be down?
Luis Borgen: There is enough variability for it to be up or down. But I think directionally, it'd be similar to our Q4 number.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray Companies: And then I've asked this before but remind me, I think you guys mentioned that at some point during 2010 that you're going to get merit increases this year. Can you remind me how those increases flow throughout the year? Is it heavily weighted toward the beginning of the calendar year? And then I guess maybe as just a follow-up to that, can you remind me or can you give us a sense for where those increases are likely to be this year relative to the last two years?
Kent Thiry: What we actually said was we're going to have higher merit increases in '11 versus '10. As to whether or not it's evenly spaced throughout the year or skewed, it is moderately skewed towards the beginning of the year. And was there a third question?
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray Companies: No, I think that answers it. And then just one last question for me on the VA. I think when you guys reported your second quarter numbers last year, you talked about coming to agreement with the VA on certain contracts. And I assumed that the commentary from earlier here in the call, should we expect then that at least a decent portion of those VA contracts will expire at some point either late second quarter or early third quarter?
Kent Thiry: A very decent percentage will expire in the calendar year 2011. As to the concentration, I am not sure how the mix is across quarters, so I can't go there. Perhaps we can provide some guidance on that on May 3.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Miller [ph], a private investor.
Unknown Speaker: My question relates to the DSI acquisition. Your comments indicated that you felt confident that some divestiture would be required on any FTC review. I'm curious as to what geographical areas you think those divestitures might relate to.
Kent Thiry: I don't have them memorized, and I don't think it should affect anybody's valuation of our company or its prospects. And so I think we'll probably stay away from that because it will cause much more trauma than it will add any value for you guys, and trauma is not in your best interest.
Unknown Speaker: The press release indicated that there would be Hart-Scott-Rodino filing. Has that filing been made? Or if not, when will it be filed?
Kim Rivera: Sorry, the filing has to be made within a prescribed statutory period. And I believe if we have not made it, we will be making it shortly.
Kent Thiry: And that is Kim Rivera, our General Counsel. But the speakerphone wasn't close to her, hence the delay.
Operator: Comes from the line of Jeff Hoernemann with Feltl and Company.
Jeff Hoernemann - Feltl and Company, Inc.: Just thinking about the case mix adjusters. Again, does the $140 million reduction include your ability to capture case mix adjusters, or is that just kind of a top line number assuming you can capture all the case mix adjusters?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Can you repeat that, I'm sorry.
Jeff Hoernemann - Feltl and Company, Inc.: So $140 million cut for Medicare, does that include the assumption that you can capture every case mix adjuster? Or would it be more if you can't capture the clinical case mix adjustments?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, it would definitely be more depending on how we'd be there. So the exposure could be more.
Jeff Hoernemann - Feltl and Company, Inc.: And then secondly, maintenance CapEx also is a pretty big plump quarter-over-quarter. And actually, if you look at fourth quarter versus second quarter, it's pretty big. Is that also IT-related, and is that kind of a run rate? Or you think it will decrease back to more traditional levels?
Luis Borgen: The increase is primarily IT-related, and we haven't given CapEx guidance. So we do expect to make additional investments to go along with the G&A investment on IT. So the P&L investment would go along with some additional CapEx. So I would think it to be more in line with the number you saw in Q4.
Jeff Hoernemann - Feltl and Company, Inc.: And then lastly, the international plans. Compared to when you first announce your intentions, is there any change on the thought of whether your movement will be more gradual or potentially one quick entry into any given area?
Luis Borgen: Yes, we don't have any change in our thinking or plans since we last spoke about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andreas Dirnagl with Stephens.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Kent, as usual, I just want to clarify some of the comments you made to make sure I'm understanding what you're saying. I think you were pretty clear, but I just want to make sure. Under the VA, when discussing the VA, were the VA to decide to move to Medicare pricing, what you're saying is that you would be forced, therefore, to no longer be able to take VA patients. Is that correct?
Kent Thiry: We would take them in some cases and not in others, and I assume other providers would be the same.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Is the dynamic, therefore, that where the VA potentially has other, as you put it, high-quality options, you would think that perhaps you might lose the patient. But in those areas where they don't, you have the ability to negotiate a rate that you'd be satisfied with?
Kent Thiry: That's certainly one of the primary fulcrums, but there are a bunch of other ones: our institutional relationships, our physician relationships, what we think is going to happen in the year or two or three. So I think it's pretty situation-specific, fact-specific, with one of the major fulcrums being the one you identified.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: But then bottom line, it's really no different than any commercial payer negotiation that you enter into?
Kent Thiry: I guess it feels differently to us because they are veterans, but that maybe -- so I guess it is not the same, although I can see how some people might think it would be.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Kent, I don't know whether you will, but I'm going to ask the question anyway. Can you provide any color just sort of on the Amgen contract negotiations? And specifically, it is perhaps a little bit unusual to just sort of extend what was a long-term contract by another six months. And I'm wondering, was that sort of at DaVita's behest? Was that at Amgen's behest? Was it sort of a mutual decision you came to? Just any sort of color that you can provide would be helpful.
Kent Thiry: Sure. It was mutual, that's the answer to the narrow question. And as to the broader question, the good news is I would characterize the discussions as intelligent, measured, thoughtful, constructive, that neither side wants to do something that benefits a lot in the short term but creates huge chaos or uncertainty or all sorts of trauma downstream. And so I think the quality of the discussion is among the highest we have had with them, which could be a reflection of us being more thoughtful or them or both in the past, no finger-pointing here. But I think the good news for the community is those are the right adjectives as opposed to either side having an excessive emphasis on some short-term victory that just creates a lot of risk and messiness for everyone. Is that helpful?
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Actually, that was surprisingly helpful, yes. Is this the sort of process that is now ongoing in terms of negotiation? Or is this sort of a mutual decision where you said, "Okay, let's come back at a certain point in time and see where we stand?"
Kent Thiry: Well, first of all, I'm not going to try to do a good job of clarifying things that even when I do it, you act so surprised. But on that subject, I think both sides want a long-term arrangement, and so that is the goal.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: And then just two more quick clarifications. On your pharma utilization, I'm curious, you're obviously making clinical and operational changes preparing for the bundle, and that was partially what drove or is what drove the majority of the decrease in utilization in the quarter. I'm curious, is it a factor of you fully were able to make some changes to all of your clinics to see that decrease? Or was it that some of your clinics have taken the changes or started to do the changes and you need to expand the number of clinics?
Kent Thiry: I would say that there are virtually zero clinics that have not done some changing, probably zero, but the degree of change differs quite dramatically. I'd also say the other end of the spectrum, virtually no clinics are done changing.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: And then finally, either for you or Luis, in terms of the pop that we saw in the SG&A expense, was there anything in there that was unexpected in terms of, "Oh, we literally didn't expect that we needed to spend this money" or was it more of a timing issue that perhaps it showed up a little bit earlier and more accelerated than you expected?
Luis Borgen: We were not surprised. G&A is something that we track very closely. Of course, there are some things that are timing related. But for us, G&A came in line with where we thought it would come in within a reasonable range.
Kent Thiry: Yes, I think, Andreas, we just did a bad job of thinking ahead and adding together a bunch of stuff that we were getting pretty sure we were going to do x months ago. And it wasn't until the annual budgeting and forecasting that we said, "Gee, it really is going to add up to an unusual amount." And then we went back and stared again at whether or not we wanted to postpone any of it in order to smooth things out, and we just decided that would be a dumb business decision and we hope you would understand.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: In terms of the potential for any change to the transition fee, I'm just curious, is it sort of appear to be the situation that CMS is taking the position that in order to do something before 2011, that has to be legislated, but once we get into 2011, it becomes regulatory and CMS can make the change themselves? Is that the dynamic?
LeAnne Zumwalt: I didn't catch that.
Kent Thiry: Let me go ahead. Yes, you pretty much got it right, Andreas, that although we believe CMS could change the decision right now and we feel that it's a pretty clear rifle shot, so they are right to do that. Some of the important people there disagree and say we ought to wait until what they see is the normal window for them making the regulatory change, which is out there in the future a bit. Is that responsive?
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Yes, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake with UBS.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: First, on the case mix and the outliers. Can you remind me, I think the Medicare rate that was published was somewhere in like the $239 range on average. How much of this is supposed to come from case mix and outliers on average?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, several dollars of that.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: So something like $3 or $4?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, that's about the range.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: It sounds like you're fairly concerned as far as not knowing how CMS is going to treat your documentation. Do you expect not to accrue for that in the first couple of months until you see how they do it? Or will that not be a problem for the first quarter, you'll know one way or the other?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, let me be more specific. The documentation requirements are quite extensive in the rule, well, in the supplemental transmittal. So they expect us to have original diagnosis down to a very specific sets of ICD-9 code. And then as to your revenue recognition, no, we will not recognize revenue for something we're not sure or certain that we have proper documentation for.
Kent Thiry: In other words, Justin, in most instances, you know when you submit the claim because if you don't yet have documentation for something that you know the patient has, but you don't have the right documentation, you submit the claim for the lesser amount. And then if and when you ultimately get the statutorily required documentation, you have to rebuild, which is probably what makes this just a huge administrative morass.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: So do you think you're going to get the $3 or $4 right off the bat?
LeAnne Zumwalt: We're saying no, Justin.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: And then on the Medicare revenue cut, you mentioned $140 (sic) [$140 million] was kind of a year-over-year estimate. Just given I think your investors would be more interested in the current run rate of earnings, I was hoping you might be able to give us a comparable cut estimate using a fourth quarter Medicare reimbursement per treatments as a starting point?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Justin, we think the right way to look at it is year-over-year, and the $140 million was the year-over-year number. So we're going to stop with that.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: The hemoglobin between 10 g/dL and 12 g/dL, just curious, in terms of the quality oversight from CMS on hemoglobin levels, can you remind us what kind of metrics they're going to be tracking? I believe there's a certain percentage that they're going to allow you below 10 g/dL and over 12 g/dL?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, actually the performance standard comes into play in 2012. And you're right, they're measuring two aspects of hemoglobin the sub 10 g/dL population and the greater than 12 g/dL. The benchmarks for performance are that you see either or your own individual average in 8 g/dL compared to actual performance in 10 g/dL. Or the national average is 7 g/dL compared to your actual results in 10 g/dL.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: And can you tell us where those numbers are supposed to be? Like how much is allowed to be below 10 g/dL, I guess, would be the question.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Justin, it's going to be on a center-by-center performance, so I can't give you that data.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: And what percentage of your patients are below 10 g/dL right now?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Justin, we don't have a number right here with us, and we didn't disclose it. So we're just focusing on that percentage of patients between 10 g/dL and 12 g/dL.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: And then looking ahead to the Investor Day, there are a lot of moving parts obviously in 2011 like the transition adjustment, which is a pretty big headwind. And then you got this DSI acquisition, which probably doesn't impact you much in '11 but should be pretty beneficial to '12. So when you get to that Investor Day on May the 3rd, in addition to giving us more color putting a range of outcomes around 2011, will you be able to tell about what the expected earnings power of the company should be in '12 and '13 when the transition adjustment should get reversed and DSI earnings start showing up in the P&L?
Kent Thiry: Justin, as you know, for a lot of years, we did give a three-year rolling forecast with all the appropriate qualifiers, but as a way of helping you identify the most significant swing factors so you could maniacally focus on those. And we would hope to do that in May with the qualifier. If we don't think we can do it well enough to be useful, we'll wait longer before we start doing that again. But we prefer a world in which we do that just as you do. And on the $3 to $4, it's not that we're thinking that every single difficult case mix adjuster will never be billed or collected, Justin. It's, we think, a relatively realistic prediction of the instances in which we'll never be able to get the quality documentation to justify that, which is true. And as you all know that have been around, at some point, we're all going to get subpoenas, accusing us of playing games with case mix adjusters. And so even if I know you're right-handed, if I can't get all the right paperwork because the hospital doesn't have to give it to me, then I can't bill for the fact that you're right-handed. And in some cases, unfortunately, that's just exactly what's going to happen. And it's not what it was intended. But until we get the system fixed, it's what's going to happen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just a quick follow-up question here. I think at the beginning, you might have said it, but if you did, I missed it. You said at the beginning capital deployment was going to depend on share repurchase and acquisitions and cash on the balance sheet and those things will move around from time to time. Did you give a baseline number for what you think you need as far as cash in the balance sheet just to run the business? And then obviously the cash flow might grow off of that. But how much do you just to run the business simply?
Luis Borgen: Yes, cash on the balance sheet, about $100 million to $200 million will be sufficient to account for the seasonal variations in networking capital in the business, Kevin.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: So anything above that might be deployable then?
Luis Borgen: Right.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Andreas Dirnagl with Stephens.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Kent or LeAnne, just out of curiosity, when it comes to the outliers and the underlying diagnoses, are those diagnoses that are made by the nephrologist or is that made by another physician in the majority of cases?
LeAnne Zumwalt: In almost all cases, if made by an oncologist or hematologist or GI physician, that's the problem.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time.
Kent Thiry: All right. Well, thank you, all, for your time and attention. We look forward to seeing many of you in person on May 3 and talking to the rest of you again. In the meantime, we will do our best.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: LeAnne Zumwalt - VP of IR Richard Whitney - Chief Financial Officer Luis Borgen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Jim Gustafson - Vice President of Investor Relations Kent Thiry - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG Jeff Hoernemann - Feltl and Company, Inc. Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray Companies Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is David, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Q3 2010 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Now I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim Gustafson. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, David, and welcome, everyone, to our third quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President, Investor Relations. And with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Luis Borgen, our CFO; as well as LeAnne Zumwalt and Rich Whitney. I'd like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statements. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and annual report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we may discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable financial GAAP financial measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent Thiry: Good afternoon or evening, depending on where you are. Thanks for joining our call. We had a solid quarter in line with our previous expectations. I'll try to quickly cover four topics: number one, clinical outcomes; number two, bundling; number three, international dialysis; and number four, our outlook. First, I'll review our clinical outcomes first because we are first and foremost a caregiver company at this point, serving nearly 124,000 patients. With respect to adequacy, which is essentially how well we are doing at removing toxins from our patients' blood, this quarter, 96% of our hemodialysis patients had a Kt/V greater than 1.2. That's a 90-day data. Second, with respect to vascular access, 67 of our patients have fistulas, the preferred form of vascular access, also a 90-day data. And third, with respect to anemia management, physicians have managed 69% of our patients to hemoglobin levels between 10 [g/dL] and 12 [g/dL] over the last three months. For these and virtually all other clinical measures, our patient outcome has compared very favorably to all national averages. And our quality of critical care not only results in healthier patients, but also drives reductions in hospitalizations and surgical procedures and therefore, generates significant savings for the U.S. healthcare system. Subject number two is bundling. We have notified CMS that we will opt into the bundled reimbursement system beginning January 1, 2011. Our data says that most providers have made a similar decision as far as opting in. While short-term economics would have argued for transitioning not 100% of our centers, opting in was the best long-term choice. I will make two other points on bundling-related issues. We are intensely working on several work streams to offset the payment cuts. And as to the second cut, that being the transition adjustment, the kidney community has been working with CMS and members of Congress asking that CMS revise their estimate based on the actual data of how people are deciding on the opt-in versus transition choice. Our request is consistent with Congressional intent in the original legislation and is unambiguously the right policy decision. The good news is several members of Congress are absolutely persuaded that a fix is the right and fair thing to do. The bad news is that the combination of a lame-duck session and the first half of 2011 legislative season, which could be incredibly volatile, could make for a very difficult period in which to get a fix attached to anything been done. Without a correction, without a fix, the government will be seriously underfunding the dialysis community, further stressing providers who are already losing money on Medicare. The third subject is international dialysis. We are pursuing launching dialysis operations in several countries outside the U.S. We believe the long-term upside opportunity dramatically outweighs the downside risk, and that international markets can be a long-term growth driver for our shareholders, long term defined as the second half of this decade and beyond. Some of the primary factors that led us to this conclusion include that the market is large, appears to have reasonable margins, is growing more rapidly than the U.S. market and there is significant share remaining outstanding. In addition, privatization and government outsourcing trends are gaining some momentum globally with governments looking for scaled healthcare solutions. We realized that building an international business with attractive and sustainable returns will be challenging, will take time and will expose us to new risks. In addition, of course, it will require a sustained financial investment, which will be dilutive to earnings over the next several years as we start up in order to acquire new operations. And Luis will provide some numerical guidance regarding 2011 on this subject in a few minutes. Onto the next topic, which is our outlook. We are further narrowing our operating income guidance for 2010 to be in the range of $995 million to $1.015 billion. As always, this range captures the majority of probable outcomes. We will not, unfortunately, be able to provide any specific operating income guidance for 2011 at this time. The range of potential outcomes is simply too wide for it to be useful. Since we cannot do that, we thought it would be useful to step back and share some important thoughts on the future. First, and perhaps most important, we feel that we are well positioned from a competitive point of view. And there is a solid probability that the risk-reward relationship of owning DaVita stock is attractive over the long term. We'll cite three examples that just reflect this assessment about the long-term risk-reward profile being attractive. The first example is we decided to take advantage of the distinctively attractive debt market terms that were available now and to take on some debt as all of you know. So you may not appreciate how attractive the terms were by doing it right now. Just two quick reference points. It was the lowest yielding bond for any single B-rated offering in the last five years, period. And it was the lowest yielding bond for any healthcare offering with our credit rating ever. So simply said, it was a very good time for us to do what we did. Our second example is that we are interested in buying back some stock and/or acquiring additional dialysis assets over time. Many of you know that our long-standing communicated leverage comfort range is 3 to 3.5x. While we have pretty adequately been above and below, that historical perspective has not changed. And then the third example is that we are in fact comfortable investing to establish a scaled international business and remain open to pursuing other healthcare service business opportunities that fit within our core competencies. I repeat, these are three examples that are consistent with our assessment that there is a solid probability we can offer an attractive risk-reward profile in our stock over the long term. Having said that, it is important not to lose sight of some of the significant near-term issues we face. And let me cite a few of those risks. The most significant of these uncomfortable risks is that we have had eight straight quarters of decline in our commercial mix from approximately 13% to approximately 11%. This decline did not moderate in the most recent quarter. In fact, it has accelerated over the last two quarters, and this just reflects the continued economic realities of the U.S., including unemployment. Commercial patients, as most of you know, are the source of virtually all of our profitability as well as the source of subsidization of our Medicare deficit. Up to this point, we have successfully offset this decline, as our performance reflects, with improved pricing on the remaining commercial book and strong cost controls. But neither of these solutions are infinitely available. A quick tangent on commercial contracts because since our last quarter, some of you have asked us if we absorbed rate cuts in the two large long-term contracts we announced last quarter. The answer is no. As we have said many times over the years, few payers can deliver on any price per volume tradeoff in a way that is sensible for a dialysis provider. And we are pleased with the commercial rate increases we've achieved over the last 24 months. We are, of course, dependent on private rate increases as long as the Medicare economics are what they are. A second risk that's actually better characterized as a fact is that our wage and salary increases will be higher in 2011 than in 2010, and this is simply a common sense reflection of the reality that the healthcare service economy is relatively healthy compared to America's general economy. The third and final risk for people to continue to pay attention to, as we do, is just the amount of operating change the bundle will entail. Implementing the bundle means not only changes in pharmaceutical products and protocols, but also changes in our billing processes, changes in capturing case mix adjustor data, changes in billing secondary payers and substantial changes to clinical operations. None of these risks changes our assessment of the long-term risk-reward profile of our stock. They could well, however, create material earnings pressure in the near and intermediate term. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Luis Borgen.
Luis Borgen: Thanks, Kent. Overall, the third quarter wasn't one with our previously stated expectations. Despite a continued decline in our commercial mix, we're able to achieve solid operating results in Q3 through growth in revenue per treatment and continued strong cost management. Through this all, our capitals have remained strong this year. This past quarter, dialysis revenue increased $4 per treatment from Q2 2010. This was due to improvement in commercial rates, an increase in Medicare ASP reimbursement for pharmaceuticals and seasonal flu shot administrations. This was partially offset by lower utilization of physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals and the continued decline in commercial mix. Non-acquired growth of 3.7% was adversely impacted by the calendar as the third quarter of 2010 started and ended on a Thursday and approximately 60% of our insider patients dialyzed on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. When normalized for the calendar, our non-acquired growth in the quarter was 4.1%. Dialysis operating expense was up $0.77 a treatment as normal operating cost increases were largely offset by solid cost controls and decline in utilization of physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals. G&A was up this quarter due to investment in growth opportunities including international, legal costs associated responding to the recent DOJ subpoena and the timing of certain other expenses. Keep in mind that Q2 G&A was a bit below our normal run rate. The Q3 G&A per treatment run rate is a better reflection of expected spending levels going forward. In the third quarter, we saw an increase in net income attributable to noncontrolling interest. Next quarter, we expect this to moderate somewhat, but it will remain higher than it has been in previous quarters. Our effective tax rate attributable to DaVita was lower this quarter due to FIN 48 adjustments. We expect our effective tax rate to be around 39.5% for the year. Cash flows remain strong. Year-to-date, we have generated $719 million in operating cash flows and $561 million in free cash flow. We are increasing operating cash flow guidance to be in the range of $800 million to $875 million. This increased forecast is based on lower expected 2010 tax payments due to the bonus depreciation tax provision suspended on September 27. For all the same reasons that we cannot give operating income guidance for 2011, we are not providing cash flow guidance for 2011. Still, you should not expect the same bump in OCF [operating cash flow] next year that we have gotten this year as 2010 benefited from some one-time working capital items, including $60 million in bonus depreciation and a five-day reduction in DSO. Looking ahead to 2011, we expect to invest at least $15 million in operating losses and to put at least $30 million of capital to work in international markets. If opportunities warrant, we may invest more. Finally, on October 20, we completed our refinancing, raising $4.5 billion in debt. After transaction costs and the repayment of a previous debt, we netted approximately $825 million to add to that cash already on our balance sheet at the end of the quarter. Following this refinancing, we expect debt expense to be $53 million to $55 million in the fourth quarter and $230 million to $240 million in 2011, depending on what hedges we may implement on our floating rate debt. In the fourth quarter, we expect $65 million to $75 million in one-time charges associated with the retirement of our old debt and the issuance of new debt. We will call these items out separately when we report the fourth quarter. For more details on the debt refinancings, please refer to Note 2 of our third quarter earnings release. How do we plan to deploy this cash? First, we hope to use some of the proceeds for acquisitions and other growth investments. Additionally, we may continue to do share repurchases over time. In fact, over the past six weeks, we have used $400 million to acquire approximately 5.7 million shares of our outstanding equity. Operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Hoernemann with Feltl and Company.
Jeff Hoernemann - Feltl and Company, Inc.: I guess just with the international thing kind of coming to the front here, I guess if you could give us any detail, what kind of detail you can give us would help, in terms of is it developed, developing countries that you're looking at, what kind of a time line. Any incremental would help.
Kent Thiry: I appreciate that question, Jeff. And because of the stage we're at, which is very early exploration of different parts of the globe, it's impossible for us to provide more guidance because we're still evaluating. So we're just so early stage. It was important and necessary that we give you the heads-up, but we can't go much further because we aren't much further.
Jeff Hoernemann - Feltl and Company, Inc.: Probably this you can, though, on the G&A impact. Is that something that we should think about ratably over the year? Is that going to increase as the year goes on?
Kent Thiry: It will most likely increase as the year goes on.
Jeff Hoernemann - Feltl and Company, Inc.: And then the capital expense, the maintenance CapEx is a little bit higher this quarter than we'd seen in the past even on a percentage of revenues. Is that related to international, or is that prepping for bundling?
Luis Borgen: It was not related to international. It was primarily related to our new building.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake with UBS Investment.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: Just first question, I guess a follow-up on the international side. Kent, would it be fair to say that given you're choosing this time after all these years to set upon an international expansion strategy right into the implementation of bundling, should we take that at least as an indication that you're comfortable with being able to operate the business and grow the underlying business earnings in 2011 in a bundling world?
Kent Thiry: I have to amend that partially, Justin. It's a reflection of the fact that we're comfortable we're going to be able to operate with our historic level of confidence in the new bundling environment. As to whether or not we're going to be able to grow earnings, in using the exact wording that you did, again, we're not able to provide any guidance on 2011 yet. But as to our ability to adjust to and operate competently within the new reimbursement scheme, while it's going to take a lot of work and I'm sure we'll hit some speed bumps, we're feeling like we can handle that at the same time that we explore stuff overseas.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: And then secondly, on the noncontrolling interest increase, it was fairly dramatic in the quarter. Can you walk us through what drove that and why it's going to be higher?
Luis Borgen: Sure, there are two primary reasons. The first is improved performance on our joint venture centers. And second, the certain timing of our fairly [ph] credit rated write-ons at the JV level. Going forward, we expect it to moderate somewhat but be higher than Q2.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: What level do you -- I mean, I guess you were at a run rate of about $16 million. It's now $24 million. Where do you expect that run rate to be in Q4 and going forward?
Luis Borgen: Possibly the midpoint of that, given or take, about a few million dollars. So that would be a reasonable expectation.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: So closer to $20 million?
Luis Borgen: That will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: And then just lastly, on the capital deployment. You've mentioned share repurchase, I think the word you used were "from time to time." Can you give us any more specificity? I mean, it seems like you were fairly aggressively in the market buying stock, obviously, in the beginning of the fourth quarter. Should we expect that level of interest in share repurchase going forward? And what level do you think you draw down the cash balance to where you want to leave before you were running something in the neighborhood of $500 million, give or take, on the balance sheet to be comfortable that you had -- to be opportunistic on M&A, et cetera? Is there a number that you can give us as far as cash is here? Or probably buying back stock until we're back to $500 million or $300 million? Anything you can tell us there?
Kent Thiry: Justin, very fair question, and I just don't think we can go much further than we have. And probably the best indicator, as always, is to look at our practices over the last 11 years because we revisit this question virtually every week, every month, every quarter, every year. And in the near term, for example, whether or not or how much stock we buy back would be dramatically affected by whether or not we buy something. And so it's just so difficult for us to go further, because there's so much risk that what we would tell you would turn out not to be true. So I think we have two stick with what we've said about our long-term assessment and stop there.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: If I ask it just in one other way and I'll jump out of the queue, can we at least think about the additional cash you added, $825 million you identified as a reasonable target for which you'd like to deploy in leaving the cash on the balance sheet for M&A opportunities? Or would that even be too far to jump?
Kent Thiry: No, it's a very fair question. We've not thought about it that way. And so the answer to the narrowed question you've asked is no.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo Security.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Kent, you mentioned that in the near term, it would have been, I guess, more profitable to transition onto the bundle over time as opposed to going all-in on day one. Could you share with us maybe some of the assumptions that you were using in that analysis?
Kent Thiry: Sure, that you might have an area, a country or a particular couple of centers where the physicians are significantly higher utilizers of some of the fee-for-service items because of their practice philosophy or because of their patient mix. And so in that scenario, you would be better off in year one to be transitioned in as opposed to fully bundled. But for us, from a philosophical and operating perspective, it is not at all attractive to be operating under two different sets of operating paradigms, and not all clear that we could do it with the kind of precision one needs to do it with. Is that responsive?
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Yes, no, that's helpful. And I guess in those areas or just sort of overall, how quickly do you think you can implement whatever changes need to be implemented in order to sort of reach that break-even point or the profitability point under bundling?
Kent Thiry: Very fair question, and of course the answer will differ by center. And so in some cases, we think we can adjust pretty quickly. In other cases, we may never adjust because some of the decisions aren't ours. And so the answer's all over the map, both figuratively and literally.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then to the international, are there any countries specifically that you guys are thinking are most attractive?
Kent Thiry: It would be premature to comment. We're just so early stage. We, of course, generically like the ones that have enough scale, that have what appear to be attractive margins and have nice growth characteristics and are still fragmented in terms of ownership. So if you want to think of a shortlist of criteria, that's a pretty good start. And then you overlay on that all the clinical, contextual stuff for being able to assess the stability and sustainability of the first four items. So that's probably as far as we can prudently go because that's where we are.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Revenue per treatment rebounded nicely in the quarter after being down sequentially last quarter. I think you had said that pharmaceutical usage was, again, declined in the quarter. So what were the key drivers? I'm not sure if you said on the revenue per treatment coming back this quarter.
Luis Borgen: On the positive side, we had an improvement in commercial rates, increase in Medicare ASP for pharma and seasonal flu shots. But that was offset by continued decline in our mix and lower utilization of pharmaceuticals.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, so increases in commercial rates were not a significant portion of it?
Luis Borgen: They were. There were on the positive side.
Operator: And your question is from Darren Lehrich of Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: I wanted to start first with the international. And I recall, Kent, in framing the opportunity internationally, you've said before that the approach might be more with joint ventures. So I guess I just wanted to clarify, is that still the philosophy in how you're going to approach new markets with a local partner? Or has that strategy changed?
Kent Thiry: Yes, the answer will be country-specific. In some countries, if we decide to start doing stuff there, it will be with a local partner. In other countries, if we go, we'll go it alone.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: And then I think you've framed up 2011 in a couple of ways relative to this. I just want to clarify, though. You said $15 million of operating losses invested, and I just want to confirm that, that doesn't relate to the strategic initiatives, which has now reached breakeven. So if you could maybe just help us think about where the strategic initiatives are relative to what you've described in the $15 million? Or is that all international investment?
Kent Thiry: The $15 million was all international. And as Luis pointed out, there's some -- could be quite a bit of movement there depending on, ironically, how positive we're feeling and how fast we're moving, that number could get bigger. But it's difficult to see it being any smaller just because it costs a certain amount of money to start to check these things out and put more than your toe in the water. So that number was all international. As to the strategic initiatives in general, what we've always said and continues to be true, is that you should always expect the fact that we might have some losses in that category because we're always going to do some R&D. Right now, however, we had a break-even quarter because of the makeup of that portfolio. We've got things like our home infusion company and vascular access centers that make money. We've got DaVita Rx specialty pharmacy that's a little bit of a breakeven, which is awfully nice and we referred to that before. And then we have our disease management operations, which still consume a bunch of profit. So that's a quick summary of what's going on within that portfolio. And so that number will continue to bounce back and forth a little bit separate from international.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: And Kent, oftentimes when U.S. companies with significant domestic operations start thinking about internationally, investors begin to wonder that you've run out of growth opportunities. I know that you've been spending a lot of time studying international. Maybe you can just share with your investors here on the line how long you've been sizing up international and kind of how long you've been thinking about that as a potential diversification for the company.
Kent Thiry: Well, certainly, we've thought about it for a long time and consistently came up with the answer not to pursue it. So in that sense, several years. The thinking about it was a positive bias thinking. It was a good idea. It's probably the last 18 months or so. Is that responsive, or do you want -- and maybe ask a follow-on and I can be more useful.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: No, that's helpful. My other question here, just Amgen, have you reached a contract for next year and beyond?
Kent Thiry: The answer is no.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: And then with regard to the transition payment adjustment, is there a definitive answer that you've received at this point that it does in fact require legislation, that CMS won't alter their simulation model based on what they learned November 1?
Kent Thiry: There are a bunch of people in CMS and elsewhere who do give a definitive answer to that question, and that answer is it has to be legislative, legislatively directed. There are some people in that agency and one of the others who aren't totally definitive at this time.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: And is there a budget score associated with the legislative solution?
LeAnne Zumwalt: This is LeAnne. It should not score.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: That's great. My last question, just 2011, you're not giving guidance. I understand there's a lot of things that may be puts and takes. But at a high level, it would seem like you got a really big hole to dig out relative to the $10 per treatment cut that's coming your way. Do you think operating income could be flat in a best case for next year?
Kent Thiry: Yes, we just can't go there. There's too many variables. You've brought up several of them in your usually thoughtful way, and so it's just not possible. And I do want to add one amendment or attachment to LeAnne's answer and that is, well, we think it should not score the CBO [Congressional Budget Office] has not taken a position. And so we have a fear that they may incorrectly, in our mind, although we're not widely regarded as an expert on these topics by them, we have a fear that they would score it. And that would be a big problem as you know. So we're neither optimistic nor pessimistic, and anybody who is optimistic or pessimistic should probably not be listened to.
Operator: And your next question comes from Andreas Dirnagl of Stephens Inc.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Kent, I'm going to try and ask the question that's been asked a couple of times in terms of what you're going to do with some of your cash in a slightly different way, and you'll excuse me in advance if it comes out as very blunt. You did a great recap, and that's wonderful. And it's great that you, as a management team, have taken advantage of the capital market to do that. What's not so great from an equity investors point of view is that if I'm doing my numbers right, the recap overfunding, even with the share repurchases you've already completed, is dilutive to equity investors, which is very much against your track record in terms of things you've done. I'm wondering if we can get you to make some sort of comment or commitment to sort of say that you're going to be at least deploying enough capital to make sure that the recap is effectively neutral to your equity investors in some sort of reasonable time frame.
Kent Thiry: I'm sorry, Andreas, but we can't do that. That's why we're placing such emphasis on this distinction between the longer term versus the near/intermediate term.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Let me ask a question then in terms of potential acquisitions. Does today's announcement of the merger of Liberty and Renal Advantage change your outlook in terms of looking at MDOs in the U.S.?
Kent Thiry: No.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: So that remains a potential going forward?
Kent Thiry: Yes.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: And then in terms of the international expansion, is this something -- you keep saying you're in the early stages, but is it something that you think you'll be doing in some sort of measured way sort of region-by-region? Or is it a possibility that you could be doing sort of larger transactions that could put you significantly into international, let's say within the next 12 months?
Kent Thiry: Well, there aren't many things of size to do in that whole sphere, and of course, that's part of the attractiveness of the idea that fragmentation and where we'd be entering with respect to the growth curve. But if there are some, then we would certainly be open to it. Part of the rest of that reality is given it is a growth market in the globe as you look out the next 20 years. Anything of any significance would want a higher multiple versus a lower multiple because they would claim that they're a part of this long-term growth wave. And from our point of view, we would not be interested in a lot of the high multiple stuff. So the answer to your original question is we're open to both. The pragmatic reality is that we'll probably be doing this more on the measured end of the spectrum than anything else. Measured end of the spectrum still involves some of the P&L hit that we characterized, but in terms of moving towards having a scale position, that's most likely going to take a while. Is that a good enough answer or...
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Yes, now I think that's helpful. Maybe just at least in terms of the impact from the international expansion, I think you specifically used the term "fund operating losses." Are there going to be just general G&A expenses in terms of that effort that there are going to be in addition to that?
Luis Borgen: No. The answer is yes. The $15 million figure we gave as an estimate includes G&A. However, that number could fluctuate, as you said, up or down depending on the opportunity.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Sure. Okay, it does include G&A. And then finally, two other quick things. Kent, thinking about it for a long time, international, the answer had been no for a while. About 18 months ago, that answer, I guess, you said began to change. I'm just sort of curious, what changed sort of 18 months ago? Was it a change in something in the international arena? Or was it that you were starting to see an end to some of the uncertainties in the U.S. in terms of regulatory changes, reimbursement changes, et cetera?
Kent Thiry: Yes, I think the sort of intellectual rationalization answer would be that the international markets have got to sort of an inflection point. And the weighted average added to the government's. And how to think about privatization and outsourcing has reached an inflection point, and that therefore, the answer was different now than before. So add that to the intellectually legitimate answer, and there's truth in it. I think the primary answer is that I got it wrong before, and so it probably would've been better for us to have started doing this earlier than we are.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: And then finally, I'm just sort of curious, can you provide some color as to sort of why certain people within CMS believe that takes legislation? What's the logic behind that? Because I would think that the legislation is that the entire thing has to be budget-neutral and without a change to the transition fee, they'll probably come in under budget, so to speak.
Kent Thiry: Let me take a stab at it and then LeAnne will correct me if I get it wrong. The legislation required, of course, if they get the bundle going. As part of getting the bundle going, they had to make some guess, some estimate of who is going to opt in 100% and who is going to transition in gradually. And then, the way they were thinking about it is that, "Okay, if the guess is wrong, we'll get all the answers to some people. We'll implement the bundle. And then, a year later, we'll take a look and make an adjustment if appropriate." And it has turned out, it appears, that their answer, their guess is way, way off. And so our argument is that, we were thinking about it in a sense of a way, if your guess was close, but you're way, way, way off, not because you were foolish, at all, it's just the way life has evolved. And therefore, we want you to change your plans and do it very quickly. And some of them are saying that the way the language is written, they don't -- some of them are saying they can't, some are saying they don't have to, and they just assume weight anyway. Now LeAnne, why don't you amend if appropriate.
LeAnne Zumwalt: I think that's a fair assessment.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: So just to be clear, is it therefore, fair to characterize it as more a question of sort of the timing of the change/potential refund rather than the question as to whether or not one is needed?
Kent Thiry: Yes, a great question. The optimistic in the industry say it's just a matter of timing. The non-optimistic, and I'm in the latter camp, say that whenever you wait 15 months for them to recalculate a number, that there is huge risk about how that calculation might be done and what other factors might influence what they do with it. And so it is not a case in my mind that it is safe to just assume, "Oh, the downside is we have to wait 15 months." I think that would be naive. But in the spirit of full disclosure, there are some people outside of DaVita would probably say, oh, the worst case is waiting 15 months, which, by the way, as you know, is no small amount of money. But the net present value is dramatically different than permanent. So that's the complete answer, and we think it's incredibly important that we work hard to try to get them to change it quickly. Then we run into what you brought up before, which is A, a lot of people in CMS either think they can't or don't want to and don't have to; and B, this is not the best time in the world to ask Congress to pay attention that to dialysis.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: One last mechanic question for Luis. The share repurchases you've completed to date, Luis, were those done directly as open market purchases or was there any sort of ASR involved?
Luis Borgen: Those were open market purchases.
Operator: And your next question comes from Kevin Ellich with RBC Capital Investments.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Just going back to the transition adjuster, if Medicare or Congress were to give back some of that money, just wondering if you could provide us with the sensitivity, what it would do to revenue and earnings?
LeAnne Zumwalt: On the revenue front, the delta between the 3.1% and might now like, we could estimate based on the data we know of adjuster closer to 0.39%. That's $6.50 a treatment on the revenue side. We cannot extrapolate that further as we haven't provided guidance for 2011. And we are working through implementation of bundling any further comments on that.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And of course, that $6.50 is peer price, so it would fall straight to pretax, right?
LeAnne Zumwalt: So in total, that would be about $75 million in total revenue.
Kent Thiry: And now that'd be a $75 million hit to pretax profit. That's the answer to your second question.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And then, looking at the non-acquired treatment growth, I think it's seen at 3.7% this quarter. It was a little downtick from what we've seen over the last, let's say, six quarters. Anything going on there?
Luis Borgen: On a normalized basis, it's up 4.1%, which is consistent with last quarter, essentially flattish.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Was there an adjustment that I might have missed?
Luis Borgen: It's accounting for the Monday, Wednesday, Friday treatment days versus Tuesdays...
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Okay, different days. Got it, days in the quarter. Okay. And then, Kent, I was wondering if you could provide us updated thoughts more on home dialysis and home hemo?
Kent Thiry: There's nothing dramatic going on there, is the short answer. Do you have a more specific question?
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Well, yes. I guess it's really more broad in terms of under bundling. What's your thoughts on using alternative, other modalities, trying to shift more patients to home dialysis? I know its not necessarily your decision or more if a patient has been positioned, but what would you like to see? I mean, is that one of the ways you're going to help mitigate the impact of bundling?
Kent Thiry: Got it. Right now, holding, of course, clinical outcomes constant, there's no clear motivation to do anything differently with respect to modality.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And then lastly, your comments on the parameds, have you seen continued deterioration through October? And I guess where do you expect that to bottom?
Kent Thiry: I don't think we want to get into starting to report it month-by-month. So I think we'll just stick with this eight-quarter trend, and we gave you some data on the trend within the trend. And we better just stick with that than rather start talking about it every other day. Although we do talk about it every other day, I don't think we want to put you through that torture.
Operator: And your next question is from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: I just want to follow up on that $75 million issue. I just want to be clear. Regardless of whether there's some sort of refund or not, let's assume there's no refund, it seems like that doesn't change anything, you will get that $75 million bump in rates in 2012, regardless because CMS will use the data for 2012 on a prospective basis in kind of a worst-case scenario. Is that the right way to think about it?
Kent Thiry: That's the way the optimist think about it. I'm not confident that, that's how it would unfold.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then, just to go back to the cash on the balance sheet issue. I guess maybe, it was Justin's question where you mentioned that the $835 million was not necessarily how you thought about a number being extra for share repurchase or acquisition, but there was really no requirement that you raised an extra $835 million as part of the refinancing. So I want to get your thoughts about why $835 million versus $300 million versus zero. Any color there?
Luis Borgen: Well, like as we said, the market was very attractive, so we decided to raise that amount of money to provide sufficient flexibility for us to redeploy that cash for growth opportunities, acquisitions and share repurchases.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess the cash is there for all of that, but without a clear view of timing or how that cash might be deployed.
Luis Borgen: Whatever changes flexibility is, like I repeat, the market was very attractive, and we wanted to minimize the refinancing risk going forward. It was an opportune time. We took as much in to retain ability to support our business and secure the capital structure for us over the next several years.
Richard Whitney: Yes, and maybe the only other thing I would add to that is that, since we are in the middle of a refinancing transaction, it was a sensible time. If we are going to re-lever up to our long-term target range, it was a sensible time to do that. And we do have every intention to deploy the capital. The question really is the mix of what we'll deploy it on and the timing of deployment.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess, then as far as how you deploy that capital, I understand not really wanting to provide any guidance for next year at this point, but you did just buy back 6% of your stock in the last three months. So you must have some pretty good view about what the earnings power is, and I guess if not, how you thought about buying back that much stock given that uncertainty the next year.
Kent Thiry: Well, let me take a first stab at that, because it's certainly a logical statement and is certainly merit to the statement. But in the end and any point in time, when we have a bunch of cash or leverage capacity within the context of our historical comfort zone, we only have a few choices, which is to sit on the cash and buy back stock, buy dialysis assets or pay down debt. So it's always a relative -- an issue of relative attractiveness. And therefore, you've got to be careful before you go too far in taking what's chosen and extrapolating that out in terms of absolute attractiveness. And we feel very good about every decision we've made along these lines in the last few months. But that's in the context of our alternatives.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: But I guess, what I get from the context that you're raising an extra $835 million, using that -- but okay. And then, I guess last kind of topic of conversation, the EPO, been a lot of questions around the proper dosage of EPO. A number of panel discussions, and there's going to be a few more over the next few months, it looks like. So I wanted to see if you had any takeaways from that and whether the scrutiny, generally, will make it easier for you to deal with, getting to proper utilization in a post-bundle world, how do you think about that?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, we're on a point right now where there's still very active discussions going on, as you know. FDA has not come out and said what their thoughts on the label, and CMS has undertaken a national coverage now. So I think you're going to see another couple of months of very active dialogue. And we can't give you a point estimate or anything of how those will come out. But I think what we know and how physicians are treating patients is slightly more conservative now with respect to those patients that might be at risk or high-dose, et cetera. And I think, we are seeing some practice change. Does that answer your question?
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: It does. Did they explain a lot of the decline in physician-prescribed drugs in the last couple of quarters?
LeAnne Zumwalt: It does, it does.
Kent Thiry: And so let me take a step back just for a second since a number of people have been asking appropriately about the transition adjustments, since it's a very big $75 million number and why we think people should not just be thinking it's guaranteed 12, 14 months now. If you read the language in intense detail and look at empirical decision patterns by CMS, even if one concludes that the budget neutrality phrase applies to that calculation 15 months from now. It is not clear what all gets to be taken into account including the late 2010 or early 2011 actual empirical experience about what's going on within dialysis. And so it is not as black and white as some people would like to think it is, once you start ripping apart the actual paragraphs.
Operator: And your next question comes from Gary Taylor of Citigroup.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: I guess first is on the revenue per treatment, $4 sequential increase. And of course, I wrote down all the factors that you talked about. So maybe just couple of questions. Was there any unusual commercial renewal activity this quarter? Or would you describe it as a typical renewal quarter?
Luis Borgen: It was a typical renewal quarter.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: And given the impact of the flu administrations, I was wondering if either you could quantify that impact of revenue per treatment, or maybe at least give us a thought heading into 4Q, if you would see a similar impact from the flu shot administrations?
Luis Borgen: The answer to your first question was a small marginal improvement, and we expect to be Q4 to be less than the Q3.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Related to the flu shot.
Luis Borgen: Related to the flu shot. The Q4 impact relates to the flu shot.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: And in revenue per treatment, any other obvious things in the 4Q we should be aware of? Obviously, lower EPO's been a trend. Lower commercial mix has been a trend. ASPs, we already have those, but anything else top of mind that we should be thinking about?
Luis Borgen: Nothing beyond that.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: LeAnne, what's your best guess on the Medicare NCD timing?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Actually they disclosed that to me. I think it's around March 16, they plan to publish a preliminary and finalize that mid-June. So in January, there's a Metcalf [ph] (1:12:55.7) meeting, in January 19, I think. If asked for industry comment now, so I think you'll see a lot of activity.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: And then just going to the international and the $15 million operating losses you expect for next year, or I know that could be higher or lower. Is the thought that, that's primarily for funding a development and infrastructure team internationally? Or do you actually implicitly having any patient operations in 2011?
Kent Thiry: We anticipate having actual patient operations.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: And were there any material costs in 2010 associated with the development activity?
Kent Thiry: That's one of the reasons G&A bumped up a bit.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And I think my last question maybe, Kent, you've done a really good job at the capital market days over the last few years of kind of talking about the industry outlook in the U.S., talking about kind of a longer-term business model for DaVita, kind of a top line in growth and operating income outlook in the U.S. So I know it's early, but if you think about international over the next five years, what would you suggest that it contributes top line and operating income? Or what could it contribute?
Kent Thiry: It feels bad, but we just can't give any sort of quantified answer. It's just way too much uncertainty, so hopefully, pretty soon, we'll be able to start putting a box around it. But right now, it just would be foolish to do so.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Five years out, would your best guess be that international is material to your operating income?
Kent Thiry: That would probably be a hope as opposed to a plan. If things went really well, then maybe it could be. Of course, a big part of that is what you presume for the business in the U.S. And our hope is that the business in the U.S. continues to do well enough so that it's very difficult for international to achieve that in five years, no matter what kind of choppiness we experience in the next 18 to 24 months.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Arnold with Piper Jaffray.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray Companies: Kent, you said that your cost per treatment is going to go up, or I shouldn't say go up, that certain elements of your cost structure are going to go up next year. Can you give us a sense for how much you think labor costs, in particular, you expect to increase?
Kent Thiry: No, it's pretty dynamic now. There's never been a time in the last 10 years where there's such dramatic differences from our experience in what's going on market-by-market, what's going on in -- give me the easy examples. What's going on in Detroit with wages versus what's going on in North Dakota where they've got oil. So we've never had a world where there's such significant differences across our 1,500 centers in terms of what's a competitive wage and salary. The one clear thing, 2011 versus '10, is that healthcare service in general is going to be giving some serious merit increases, and in our case, they're definitely going to be larger on average than they were in 2010. Hence, our comments because it's a good thing for our people and it'll keep our clinical outcomes strong. But from a year-over-year point of view, it is unambiguously going to be a material increase in expenses.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray Companies: Those raises would be a Q1 event? Is that correct?
Kent Thiry: They'll be spread throughout the year.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray Companies: One last question, and it goes to just the capital deployment discussion, but we've talked about MDOs, we talked about international. I guess I'm curious if your view has changed at all regarding acquiring other healthcare services businesses in the U.S.
Kent Thiry: The short answer is no. We remain open to it. If they fit with our core competencies, you can tell from our historic behavior that we're not quick to pull the trigger on things, and we don't go off and place huge bets in uncertain territory. And maybe that's a slightly inaccurate answer. Maybe we have a bit more interest now than we did five years ago, but at the same time, that gets immediately tempered by the burdens created through our pursuit of international stuff. And so it could be we just don't really have any management capacity to look at other things in the U.S.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray Companies: And then, just one follow-up to that. Has health reform had any impact on that view as well?
Kent Thiry: Yes, in the sense that we take healthcare reform, depending on how it emerges once they write the regs [regulations], is going to create some new business opportunities. And we think they're going to be our type of opportunities, meaning, they're going to be opportunities where you can simultaneously reduce cost and improve quality, and just bring a higher level of coherence and value added to the American healthcare system. That ain't going to happen in the next 12 months. But at a high level, healthcare reform, once they write the regs, and if they write them well, should create business opportunities and the kind of them that we like. And so hopefully, three years from now, we can pounce on something that you will like a lot.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray Companies: And then just one last question on that. Have you given much thought, if any thought, to making any sort of vertical acquisitions in the dialysis space?
Kent Thiry: We've given a lot of thought to it over the years, and we've always come down very, very quickly and cleanly on the side of we're a service company. And it's scary for us to contemplate actually making things.
Operator: And your next question is a follow-up from Kevin Ellich with RBC Capital Markets.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Just one quick follow-up. Going back to Luis' comment about revenue per treatment, then, lower utilization of pharma. I was wondering if you could say how much of that was EPO or was there other drugs or pharmaceuticals included in that comment?
Luis Borgen: No, I can't comment any further beyond what I've already said.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: So it was all EPO then?
Luis Borgen: We can't comment on that.
Operator: You have another follow-up question from Andreas Dirnagl with Stephens Inc.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Kent, a question. You're not providing 2011 guidance on this call. Is there an expectation that you'll provide it with the fourth quarter call?
Kent Thiry: We hope so.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: And then, I don't want to necessarily put him on the spot, but I want to make sure I heard it correctly. I think it was Jim that sort of piped up in the background with the answer of one of the previous question. When it comes to this capital that you've raised and the capital that you have or the cash that you have on the balance sheet, I guess is it fair, at least, to characterize it then as your expectation is that you want to deploy that capital, and it's just a question of how and timing. It's not a question that you want to sit on that cash. Because there was a period of time going into the bundle where you said because of the uncertainties you were building your cash balance.
Richard Whitney: Andreas, it's Rich. I was the one who made that comment and yes, that's what I meant.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: And Luis, can you just confirm with all of the recap that is now being completed and the share repurchases you've done to date. Am I correct, is your cash balance end roughly around $1 billion?
Luis Borgen: That's correct.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: And to the extent that you were to repurchase shares, when would your next window of opportunity open?
Luis Borgen: After a few days, about a week or so.
Kent Thiry: Andreas, you're one of the people who's asking questions about the transition adjustment that I would recommend that no one paid any attention to my reading of the language and encourage you to go check it out yourself. And then, you can look at it, and look at the, frankly, deficit situation next year, and then, you end up deciding for yourself if you want to be in the optimistic category or the non-optimistic category. But that's the best close rather than relying on any of my interpretations of the technical language.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] You have a follow-up question from Justin Lake with UBS Investment.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: Just one more question on the commercial mix. The acceleration you're seeing here in the last two quarters, and it seems to be somewhat out of step with the unemployment rate or the pace of change there. I was curious if you could tell us how much of this might be a function of COBRA explorations for the new commercial base?
Kent Thiry: We don't have a good handle on that. It probably is a part of what is going on.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: Is there anything else that, I know you track these, the coverage status of your patients pretty closely? Is there anything that you can tell us as to why this might be accelerating now, especially given the pace of change that's been noted by your largest peer as not being very fast.
Kent Thiry: I think there's some definitional issues, which you can explore with the large peer. As to our numbers, we don't have a great sense of sort of causality so that we can any -- in one quarter link it to macroeconomic issues directly. So some of these stuff is certainly accumulative. Some of it has to do, perhaps, as we were outnumbered by is the rate underemployment as opposed to employment. And then, somewhat has to do with just what employers are doing with healthcare coverage even with the people that are employed were suddenly their burdens that are passed on to the employees become so great that more people drop. So it could have to do with underemployment, it could have to do with increasing cost and there's the laying off of the burden. Those are two of the very rational hypotheses about why a drop-off would continue to happen even if unemployment nationally is constant.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: And just last question on this topic is at this peak rate of change, can you tell us when the rate might be closer to 10%?
Kent Thiry: Well, what I would do is even though things have -- what I was going to say at first is, we know it's down to about 208 basis points over eight quarters. And so we kind of do the math and extrapolate, so that's one answer. The problem with that answer is the rate of decline has accelerated recently, and so that might be excessively conservative. And then of course, the third thing is of course, this is heavily affected by the American economy. And so you end up saying, "Extrapolating from the past may not be so smart, rather, just look at what's going on with average wages, typical healthcare coverage and unemployment, underemployment in America. And that's probably a better way to do it than thinking about an extrapolation formula from the past."
Luis Borgen: This is Luis. I like to make an additional specific answer to the question as to when we could be back in the open market. The answer is Tuesday, November 9, just to be more specific.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from Darren Lehrich of Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: Just a follow on Justin's question about payor mix, because it is a little bit of a curiosity to a lot of us. Definitionally, have you changed your payer mix calculation? In other words, have you stripped out the Medicare advantage from that number, so we're now talking about a pure commercial private payor mix.
Kent Thiry: Our definition has been exactly the same all eight quarters. And it does not include Medicare-assigned, Medicare Advantage.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: So definitionally, that may be the difference?
Kent Thiry: We know from talking to some providers, they sometimes include the As, sometimes don't. Some other people include Medicare Advantage, sometimes don't. And there's other state programs. Then there's how you handle Medicaid HMOs. So there's a bunch of those categories. And we know that some other providers lump things together that we don't, and that could explain some of the differences. Obviously, also, there might be something else explaining the difference, the geographic issues or people may have better or worse ideas than we have on this subject. And maybe over- or underperforming us but as for the calculation itself, our definition has not changed through the eight quarters.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: And then, I guess I would just close with a request that maybe you put your payor mix disclosure in your 10-Qs numerically because it's something you're pointing out as a materiality, but we haven't been seen the spot disclosure now since you're last 10-Q or your last 10-K. So. . .
Kent Thiry: Yes. Certainly, we will give it serious consideration, as we have. And of course, the serious consideration that we give to it has been reflected in our transparency in this subject itself in each of the recent quarterly calls.
Operator: And there are no further questions in queue at this time.
Kent Thiry: Okay. Thank you all very much for your time and attention, and we will do our best in between now and our next call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's DaVita Q3 2010 earnings call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: LeAnne Zumwalt - VP of IR Richard Whitney - Chief Financial Officer Luis Borgen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Jim Gustafson - Vice President of Investor Relations Kent Thiry - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank Charles Ruff - Insight Investments Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray Companies Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc David MacDonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the DaVita Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jim Gustafson. Sir, you may begin.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you, Paula, and welcome, everyone, to our second quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in the company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. And with me today are Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer; Luis Borgen, our Chief Financial Officer; as well as LeAnne Zumwalt and Rich Whitney.  I'd like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statements. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and annual report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us and we do not -- intend to undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason.  Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website.  I will now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent Thiry: Thanks, Jim. This was a tough quarter in which we were able to offset the revenue per treatment declines with operating cost management to deliver on slight operating income as we told you to expect last quarter. Luis will, as usual, offer more commentary on the quarter. I'll cover three topics: One, clinical outcomes; two, bundling; three, outlook.  First, clinical outcomes. We always present them first because that is what must come first. We are, first and foremost, a caregiver company now serving more than 122,000 patients. A, with respect to adequacy, it is essentially how well we are doing at removing toxins from our patient's blood. This quarter, 96% of our hemodialysis patients had Kt/V greater than 1.2. This is 90-day data. B, with respect to vascular access, 66% of our patients have fistulas, which is the preferred form of vascular access as many of you know. That's also 90-day data. And third, anemia management, physicians have managed 67% of our patients to hemoglobin levels, between 10 and 12 over the last quarter. For these and virtually all other clinical measures, our patient outcomes compared very favorably to national averages, consistently the best or among the best. Our quality critical care, we remind you, not only results in healthier patients, but also drives substantial reductions in hospitalizations and surgical procedures, and therefore, generate significant savings to the U.S. taxpayer.  Subject number two, the bundle. CMS released it, as I'm sure all of you know, last week. I'll just make a couple of points, and no doubt, you'll have some questions during Q&A. It was very disappointing to see that CMS selected to keep the transition adjustment in the way they did. The 3.1% cut in reimbursement, we believe, is based upon bad assumptions and logic that takes us far beyond the 2% cut that Congress intended. This larger cut will increase our losses on Medicare patients and put more pressure on private insurers to subsidize these Medicare losses.  However, there were many other areas where CMS did listen to the community's concerns and comments, and we don't want to ignore or give short shrift to those. There is still a couple of areas that came out in the bundle, two of which we're putting more analysis on the table. And so, it will be some number of weeks before we're prepared to make our decision and to give 2011 guidance. Likely, we'll do that on our Q3 call. And independent timing, we continue to work on ways to offset the overall cut. It is too soon to get precise estimates on how much that will be.  Third and finally, on our outlook, we have narrowed our operating income guidance for 2010 by increasing the bottom end of the range. That new guidance is for operating income of $970 million to $1.02 billion. We're also increasing our cash flow guidance to $725 million to $825 million. This is, of course, based on the strong first half and rolling 12-month performance. One other positive development that's noteworthy is that we have successfully established a higher level of stability into our go-forward private rates by signing long-term contracts with two large payers at reasonable compromised rates.  I'll now turn the call over to Luis, our new Chief Financial Officer.
Luis Borgen: Thanks, Kent. Overall, the second quarter was characterized by a significant revenue per treatment decline that was partially through solid cost management. Throughout it all, we continue to produce very strong cash flows.  This past quarter, dialysis revenue decreased $9 per treatment from Q1 2010. $5 of the decline was due to a decline in revenue for physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals, primarily a decline to utilization, with about $0.50 due to the previously announced decline in ASP. Remember, a decrease in pharma utilization impacts both revenue and cost, with costs offsetting much of the revenue decline. $2.50 was primarily a decline in mix, somewhat offset by commercial rate increases. The remaining $1.50 in decline, from seasonally high Q1 lab revenue.  The decline in pharma utilization was driven by independent physician prescribing decisions. So this is also showing more conservatism with regard to hemoglobin greater than 12 and/or re-evaluating vitamin D dosing in response to KDOQI. We expect pharmaceutical utilization to continue to decline in the back half of the year.  The mix shift continues a trend that we have been discussing for more than a year now. Our commercial mix now rounds down to 11% of patients. As a reminder, this shift is due to two main factors: One, declining commercial mix of new patients, largely driven by the economy and declining commercial insurance population; two, improved mortality of our patients, which leads to a higher share of our patients on dialysis greater than 30 months.  Dialysis operating expense decreased $5 per treatment sequentially. A majority of the decline was due to the utilization of physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals. The remainder was primarily due to strong productivity and a decrease in payroll tax from seasonally high Q1 levels.  Non-acquired growth was 4.1%, while total treatment growth was 5.5% year-on-year. We added 23 centers in the quarter through acquisition and certified 18 de novos.  Q2 was a very strong cash flow quarter. Operating cash flow was $296 million, and free cash flow was $250 million. A two-day reduction in DSO to 64 days and the timing of other working capital items contributed to the strong operating cash flow.  Our quarter-end cash balance was $575 million. This reflects the redemption of $200 million of senior notes as previously announced. We spent $91 million in dialysis center acquisitions in the quarter. Additionally, we repurchased $100 million of stock in the quarter. Our priorities for cash remain the same, with our first priority being investment in growth at attractive returns. In fact, we are currently in discussions to do a medium-sized dialysis acquisition.  Finally, as you know, we have significant debt maturities in 2012. We are exploring our options and are likely to execute some form of refinancing within the next three to nine months.  Operator, let's go ahead and open up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich of RBC Capital Markets.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Kent, I was wondering if we could start off with bundling. Just wondering what you thought was positive in the final reg. You commented on the 3.1% transition being negative. Anything else that you thought was negative?
Kent Thiry: Well, I think the first part of your question was on positives. They significantly reduced number of case mix adjusters. That was a positive. The transition adjustment was a negative. I'll flip it to LeAnne to list a couple of the other puts and takes, who shall be more articulate than me.
LeAnne Zumwalt: As you know, the list of labs has now defined 53 tests, and we'll be able to bill for other tests with a modifier above that. Oral medication is probably one of the biggest areas of positive. We are going to be providing oral equivalent, but not the expended oral medications. Does that answer your question, Kevin?
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Yes, that's kind of what I was thinking too. Just wanted to confirm that. And then, Kent, in the prepared remarks, you mentioned the long-term contracts that you signed with two large payers. Could you give us any more detail on those payers, and what type of rate increases that we're looking at?
Kent Thiry: No, I thought that we can't do that, Kevin. It just wouldn't be in your or the other shareholders' best interest to start discussing individual contracts. And it was also the contracts that are, of course, baked into our guidance. But the good news is that it creates a lot more go-forward stability in that part of our revenue structure. And of course, what increased stability means is that you eliminate some downside, but you also eliminate some upside. That's why the other side agrees. So we think it was a good move for our shareholders. But more detail beyond that would make sense, suffice it to say we traded up upside for limiting downside.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And then, actually, could I ask it in a different way? When you say long term, are we talking five years or three years or 10 years?
Kent Thiry: Fair question, again, won't disclose exact terms for individual contracts. But when we say long term, that typically means at least two. And if we ever did one longer than five, we'd let you know. And so, I would just say that these two fall into that range.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Then last part of this question, on the contract, is it safe to assume you guys have shifted to a bundle payment with these payers payors or not necessarily the case?
Kent Thiry: In both those cases, it's a bundle.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And then, Luis made a comment about in discussion with a medium-sized dialysis acquisition, just wondering if there's any visibility on timing of that transaction?
Kent Thiry: No. A deal is a deal is a deal. It may happen, it may not happen. We bring it up only because we anticipate questions about what we're going to do with the cash in our balance sheet. And so, we just wanted to give you that heads-up. But it's a normal deal with all the vicissitudes around terms and timing of completion risks. And I want to go back for one second. Well, it was two big contracts that we signed were both bundle, I just want to repeat. It isn't a requirement in all our new payer contracts that they be bundled. It is a preference, but in some cases, our shareholder economics will be better served if we do not do bundled payer contracts. It just so happened that these two, it was in both parties' best interest to do it that way.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Just one last quick question, on the pricing, average revenue per treatment decline, Luis indicated the pharma utilization was one of the main factors. And I think you've said that to decline in the second half of the year. Is that correct?
Luis Borgen: That's correct.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Can you quantify that or provide any more color behind that?
Luis Borgen: No. It's going to continue to decline from what we've seen, consistent with that pattern we've seen in the last quarter or so.
Operator: Your next question comes from Darren Lehrich of Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: I had a question just as it relates to the 3.1% transition adjustment. And maybe, LeAnne, you can provide us a little help thinking about this. I guess CMS made a variety of assumptions to get to that number. And I'm just wondering in the rule making cycle, I guess this would be for 2012, how you'd expect them to revisit that analysis? And any thoughts there in just helping us thinking about the process to correct that number if it was an incorrect assumption on the part of CMS? How we might think about that playing out?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Sure. In the rule, they didn't give us a specific process. But most of us believed there'll be a process as there is today come, which is through the physician fee schedule rule or another independent vehicle that'll address several components of the bundle and as it relates to updating that for 2012. Does that answer your question?
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: Yes. So you think it may be in the physician fee scheduled or the separately promulgated, I guess bundling rules again for next year, is that what I'm hearing you say?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes.
Kent Thiry: Yes. Actually, in the rule, they'd made an affirmative comment saying that they would review it.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, so that's something we'll have to be on the lookout for next year. I guess just a question about the refinancing. You mentioned at the tail end of your prepared remarks for us to expect something in the next three to nine months. So I'm wondering if you can just give us any update at all on structure for the refinancing and how we should take that into consideration over the next few quarters. I don't think you'd let the term loan B go current in Q1 of next year. So any more comments there would be helpful.
Luis Borgen: Sure. The structure will be pretty similar to what we have in place today, term loan A, term loan B with some sort of senior bonds. We may upsize depending on our capital structure needs in terms of acquisitions or share repurchase considerations. But it will be a very similar structure to what we have today. And we do intend, within a three- to nine-month period, to refinance well ahead when we need to. So we're valid in the market opportunities, and we'll tap the market up when the time is right.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: And relative to the current interest cost that you have in your existing structure, any guidance for us just broadly on how much more expense so you think it might be in the current market?
Kent Thiry: It will be more expensive, probably in the range of -- right now, we're at LIBOR plus 150. And the indicative price when we've had is LIBOR plus 300 to LIBOR plus 350 on the floating rate facilities. And on the bond side, it's around 7% or so. And that's our current market information for the toughest structures we're looking at.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: And then, my last question here, can you provide an update on the Amgen re-contracting negotiation and whether you reached an agreement for your ESA procurement beyond 2010 at this point?
Kent Thiry: We haven't yet reached agreement with Amgen, and we don't really have much comment beyond that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about just the dynamics on the managed care pricing. And I know historically, you haven't really given out a percentage bundle contracts. But theoretically, if there is a bundle contract, if you improve efficiency, you can keep some spread under that contract, whereas if it's unbundled and you push down drug utilization or switch to more cost-effective drugs, you may not be able to capture all of that economics in unbundled contracts. So how should we think about that dynamic when you look at your contracts of bundled versus non-bundled. Do you think that net-net, those two factors equal out? Or let's say, a slight positive or a slight negative? How should we think about that dynamic getting into 2011?
Kent Thiry: I think what we can offer for you is that our percentage bundle continues to go up. So we're making progress there. And we remain comfortable with where we expect to be as we go into 2011 in terms of the percentage of our book that is bundled versus not. For sure, we'll go into 2011 with some that's not, but we think we'll be in a good position in terms of managing that balance.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: And it sounds like you guys have not yet decided how you're going to deal with the bundle, whether you go all in to the rate or not. But I guess if you could give us some thought around your decision there, is it the potential that you would shift some of your business in to the rate while others not? Or do you kind of view this as we have to run the company consistently across the business, so either everyone's going to phase in or everyone's going to go directly to the rate?
Luis Borgen: Now all options are available to us now. One thing that will always be the same as our approach to our clinical performance, independent to the reimbursement format. So that will be handled one way. But as to which reimbursement system we choose, that's subject to some more analysis.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then, when we think about how you might deal with the bundle, certainly, we'll get more color next quarter, but I think in the past, you talked about it several quarter adjustment period to get used to the bundle. I mean, how do you think about that? Does that require investments from the SG&A line? How should we be thinking about what the transition period might look like? Is it more of just operating costs slowly evolving over time or is there investment that has been made?
Kent Thiry: At this point, we wouldn't anticipate any dramatic change in SG&A or any dramatic expenditures in CapEx. Having said that, they won't be zero either. The primary dynamism is going to be in the other category you mentioned, which is just what exactly changes in operating costs and when. Well, there's a function of any operating innovation and as a function of some of the inherent cost of managing this kind of massive change process. But a lot of those expenses will be people who'll be redeployed to work on it from other stuff, as opposed to a whole bunch of new people hired on a temporary basis. So it's much more that third category of redeployment of operating costs versus any dramatic new cost. However, let me just be redundant and say that the cost will be nonzero on the operating side. They're just not going to be dramatic.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then, going back to the commentary about a potential deal. I mean, you guys have talked about looking at a regional chain for quite some time. It sounded to me a little bit like your commentary's a little bit more definitive. Are we getting closer to a point where you feel like we'll have an answer around whether a deal happens or not -- a sign not to take away that we're getting closer to a yea or nay on this?
Kent Thiry: I'm sorry but the answer will be inherently ambiguous because the reality is inherently ambiguous. It's a little bit like if you're in a football game, when you move from the 30-yard line, you're in 30-yard line, to the other guy's 30-yard line. Yes, you closer to a touchdown? Yes. It that all certain that you get to score one? No. So we thought it was worth mentioning because there would be useful information for you to have on multiple levels. Having said that, we unfortunately have to immediately qualify it by saying we're not in the end zone yet.
Kevin Fischbeck - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then last question, as far as the revenue per treatment being down sequentially, it sounds like the lab seasonality is one thing to kind of take into account, but as far as the lower drug costs go, that's $5 is a good place to start. We should actually see continued pressure on the revenue line from that as the year goes on. And then, the mix, I guess it makes sense to use that as the starting point for the rest of the year. Am I thinking about that correctly?
Luis Borgen: Well, the RPT goes up and down within a reasonable level. So there may be changes to some of our commercial rates. The mix has been trending down, and the utilization has been trending down. So I can't quantify exactly how much it'll go up or down. But I think within that range, it's a reasonable starting point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Lake of UBS Investment Bank.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: First on the commercial payer mix, you mentioned down to around at 11%. That's obviously declined from, if I remember correctly, 13% to 12%, now to 11%. I'm just curious if you can give us some color there on how that trajectory looks over last quarter or two? And whether you're seeing it continue or is it, where you came out the quarter might be helpful. And then just give us some historical perspective on have you seen that type of payer mix change before in that short a period?
Luis Borgen: I would start with your second question first. The decline in the commercial mix has been steady and consistent. There was nothing unusual about the current quarter relative the past one. Just been kind of a general trend. And what was your first question again, please?
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: I guess just looking at the 13% to the 11% coming out of the quarter, is it even as -- I would assume that number is lower than the average for the quarter. Is that 11% of quarterly average? Is it the end of the quarter? Can you just give us some perspective there?
Luis Borgen: It's a quarterly average. The ending number is right around that level, not materially different than that.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: And do you see that continuing to decline through the second half?
Luis Borgen: Our guidance assumes that there will be some continued decline in that into Q3 and Q4.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: Second question on bundling, and can you talk about the transition adjustment? And you specifically mentioned that CMS's estimates on provider behavior likely have some error there. While this drives a disappointing rate in 2011, I'm just curious if you have an opinion on how much of that you would think might revert back to you given your opinion of what that error might be when CMS recalculates the adjustment 2012?
Kent Thiry: Yes. Our hope is that they do good analysis and a bunch comes back if that's appropriate, which is what we'd expect. This is all if they don't adjusted it between now and then, since they're objective is to get a lot of providers in the bundle. And they're really getting it away of that objective with that currently contemplated transition adjustment. But if it stays the way it is, we can only hope for a very high-quality analysis on a look-back basis, the subsequent year. Handicapping that is so difficult. I don't know what qualitative adjectives to use, but I just couldn't throw out -- I guess the use the word hope is the best we can do for you.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: And Kent, you mentioned that there might be a process underway where they may re-evaluate that. Can you elaborate there?
Kent Thiry: I don't know of any particular process. I just know the entire community is intensely disappointed.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: Last question on commercial bundling, I think you told us at some point last year that you had a two-year plan to increase commercial bundling, the rate or percentage of payments going into 2011 and the bundle. I know you haven't given a number there. I know a lot of people are trying to squeeze that out of you, but can you at least tell us whether you are on track to get -- to meet your internal target while heading into 2011? Whatever that might be?
Kent Thiry: Now I would use words comparable to what Rich used, which is that we are comfortable with where we are, which more or less means that we're on plan if anything were a tad ahead.
Kent Thiry: I will would go to the mixed issue, that's been brought up a couple of times appropriately. The reason we have a hard time forecasting is the same reasons that economists of our time forecasting the economy on once employment, unemployment starts to decline and employment starts to increase, particularly if it's quality employment with benefits, then number of people with private insurance will start to go up. And we don't have any particular expertise in forecasting broader employment trends, and that's why we have to be so careful in our answers to your questions about our particular mix. It's very much a reflection of the macro environment.
Operator: The next question comes from Gary Lieberman of Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Maybe one quick follow-up on that last point that you made, Kent. Is there any way to quantify the factors on payer mix? Is more of it coming from fewer new commercial patients? Or is more of it coming from the increase in mortality or the decrease in mortality.
Richard Whitney: This is Rich. It's still about 50-50 as it has been in the past. No dramatic change there. And I should note because there's been confusion over the last couple of quarters. But just to be very specific, in terms of how we define our government and private mix, that included in our government mix is both VA, Veterans Administration, as well as Medicare advantage. So when we talk about it, a decline in private mix, by definition, exclude those two things. So if you try to compare us to other providers, that's an important thing to note.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then, since you brought it up, maybe an update on where you guys are in terms of the VA contracts?
Kent Thiry: On the VA, we have reached a bunch of new agreements where we took a rate hit. And only time will tell if these agreements lead to a long-term relationship or not. If the VA wants to get even lower rates, then we'll have to do what we have zero desire to do, but to turn down patients, particularly those in remote locations because we simply can't afford to take more patients at a loss. And so, we're hoping we'd reach a new equilibrium and can move forward in a positive way from here.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: How should we think about the agreements versus I guess the rule that VA could at some point put out? Would the agreements take precedence over the rule? Or how do think that works out?
Kent Thiry: They can decide that, and so if unfortunately fits to that category, time will tell. We know that a lot of people in the VA responded positively to our flexibility. And we assume the flexibility of others, that's certainly the indirect communications that have been offered to us. On the other hand, we just don't know enough to be certain about what will happen next. And we think they understand the reality of significantly decreased access for veterans if they put us in a position where just like the rest of Medicare, we lose money on virtually on every patient.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And did the new rates have an impact on revenue per treatment in the quarter? And is there any way to quantify that?
Kent Thiry: I think the most important thing is that new rates are baked into our go-forward guidance without parsing through exactly what happened to this quarter or not.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then, you've been talking about acquisitions for a while, but it seems like this is the first time that one might be done in the near term. Can you talk about what impact you think the bundle is going to have on acquisitions going forward, maybe for yourselves and even for the rest of the industry?
Kent Thiry: I think the uncertainty around change like this, which of course is reduced in many ways now that the rule is out, but still there because of all the things that might happen with the innovation that the rule will provoke. I think that will lead to more deals getting done, particularly smaller ones. And we, in fact, have done more small acquisitions in the first six months of this year than we have for sometime. It's is not a big enough difference to really move the dial from your perspective, but that sort of trend might continue. And so, it's a nice little bump both in terms of current economics and long-term strategic positioning.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Where should we think about stock repurchases in the scheme of doing the refinance? And in the acquisition, should we just assume that those might be on the back burner for a while? Or do you think you still have some fairly significant capacity to repurchase your share?
Kent Thiry: We have remaining authorization as well as cash on our balance sheet to do so. So the share repurchase on there, where that continue to evaluate and execute as appropriate.
Luis Borgen: What I would add to that is our long stated point of view on what's right for shareholders in terms of our capital structure has been to be between the 3.0 and 3.5 numbers, and that point of view has not changed for a long time. Although at different times, we've been both above it and below it. And so I think that remains the best way for you to think about what we're going to do over the intermediate and longer-term.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andreas Dirnagl of Stephens Investment Bank (sic) [Stephens Inc. Investment Bankers]
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Just to quantify on that last discussion about the VA. When you say you've reached a "bunch of new agreements." Does that mean that the sort of the proposal that the VA was taking around about a significant reduction in fees is sort of off the table for now and they may come and revisit that in the future or, I mean, how should we think about that?
Kent Thiry: Yes. I know don't know exactly what words to use, because they're not terrifically explicit zone, on the table or off the table. I don't know if you can use the metaphor. Maybe it's off the table in front of the cover for a moment but it could be put back on the table at anytime and so we just -- we do not know as it could be that they don't know yet. They're looking at the fact that they have achieved some substantial savings and they're looking at the fact that there could be widespread disruption in some bad clinical and economic things that happen if they insist on mandating even lower rates. And exactly what they are thinking about that trade-off literally, we don't know.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Kent, maybe you can just help me more from a philosophical perspective. Having spent a number of years following the industry, declining pharma utilization were always sort of bad words to hear because it had an impact on revenue and then obviously an impact on profitability. As we head into the bundle though, if we would be under a bundled rate already, I mean technically declining pharma utilization would then be a positive, correct? In terms of your profitability?
Kent Thiry: Correct. And if you recall, Andreas, you should remember this, that going way way back, we went to the government and said, we would much prefer that you pick any system other than ASP plus six because we do not want to taint associated with having any kind of margin of that type of cost plus margin on a drug because it leaves us open to such suspicion. And so in that sense, moving to a bundle is philosophically wonderful. Now we can't be naive about that. We'll now be accused of underutilizing. And so we will continue to do what we've always done, which is have very transparent clinical protocols that are developed by physicians, most of them have although zero knowledge of the nature of our contracts and the subtleties of reimbursement because of the way we design the process. We want that to be a clinically pure decision.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: But again, just because we have to change what is really a fundamental, perhaps of our thinking, while it potentially is a negative impact for the next two quarters of this year, as soon as you shift into the bundle, starting with the lower utilization rate given the fact the rate is now set is clearly beneficial there?
Kent Thiry: No, that's absolutely true. And one metaphor that I use is that if the government reimbursed nurses, that average salary plus 6%, we would all have more nurses because you would not have anything to trade off against and you'd want to play it absolutely safe. And so it's sort of almost ridiculous to ask and answer the question. But if you take something that's useful, like a nurse or a good drug, and make it free, then physicians who prescribe that drug are operating executives who decide, I mean, nurses to have -- will err on the side of having more up to but not anywhere near the point of putting anyone at risk, of course. Once you move to a world in which nurses are not free. And in fact, if you hire another nurse, you will have fewer technicians or have a tougher time renovating a center or a tougher time buying new chairs or a tougher time building a new center. Once you're in a world that having to trade that off against other things, you'll end up finding some other things that are better incremental uses of time and money. And that same thing is going to happen in the pharma utilization world, that there are going to be innovations that take place because it's no longer free.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Well, since you brought it up, I guess the assumption that as you're seeing sort of decreasing from utilization, which I have to assume is a decrease in EPO utilization. Are you seeing sort of a concurrent tighter control of other measurements such as iron and vitamin D, is that sort of the genesis of Luis comments on reevaluating vitamin D?
Luis Borgen: Could you say the question again Andreas, so that we...
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Yes. I mean, as you said if you have something that is essentially free and easy to sort of clinical pathways just to use more of that. Are you now seeing physicians taking different clinical pathways that might require a tighter control over differing things in order to reduce the need of the EPO?
Kent Thiry: Yes, because that's the rational thing for people to think about and lots of people are doing that and exactly what answers will merged that are clinically equivalent or superior, no one knows yet but there's a lot of good brains working on it.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Just in terms of this whole transition adjustment, I'm trying to put the logic chain together, Kent, because clearly you've stated that you believe that, that CMS has made sort of an error in their estimates. And that's an error in estimating what percentage of clinics are going to transition and the rate is relatively high because I think the assumption is that what 40-some-odd percent of clinics are only going to transition as opposed to going over -- 47% are only going to opt in as opposed to going through the transition. So in other words, what you're saying is that CMS is underestimating the number of clinics that are going to opt in immediately, right?
Kent Thiry: I guess it's a little bit of a simultaneous equation that when you come up with calculations like the transition adjustment, if you're not careful, you do dramatically decrease the number of people who go into the bundle. So you kind of have to iterate back and fourth between those two assumptions. If the transition adjustment were less onerous, you would probably get a lot more people in the bundle than you would otherwise see or then you will otherwise see. Does that answer your question?
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Well, but nevertheless, you've made some comments that you would be hopeful that CMS would revisit the transition payment in 2012. And the only way that the industry is going to see a reduction in the transition adjustment or even get money back from the transition adjustment is if more clinics than what they have estimated actually opt in, correct? We're looking for a higher number of clinics to opt in under that scenario?
Kent Thiry: Correct. That is most likely correct.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Can you just provide some color and some thinking on the announcement about the new headquarters?
Kent Thiry: Can you make the question more specific?
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Well, in the past you have not had a sort of single headquarters building and one of the reasons was that I guess, economically, it was never worth spending, what I think is now an estimate of $100 million. I'm just wondering sort of what benefits that you see or what changes have occurred that caused you to think about doing that?
Kent Thiry: There's two different questions embedded in that. There's no change in our go forward expense structure. We've got a certain number of people in corporate overhead, if you want to call it that, and they got to be in a building somewhere. And we're going to have to pay rent on that building. And so the actual P&L economics are virtually identical in this new world we're moving into, where we put a lot of people in the same building and it's dedicated to be the building so it can hold our DaVita University, where thousands of our leaders will pass through each year, which we think will yield some very healthy productivity, retention and capability benefits. So on the P&L front, there's no change in philosophy because the economics are virtually identical. On the philosophy front, it is a change when we just decided what our emerging size and complexity, the economic value intangibly of getting a lot more of us in the same building, so that it's easier to remain tightly integrated as we have in the first decade. But that was just a very big deal. And it's already -- even as we're moving more and more people into the interim headquarters, the economic power of being together more often and having some of our people travel less often already exceeds our expectations. So two buckets. Economic, there ain't no change of any significance because you had the same number of bodies that you would otherwise in the same amount of rent per square foot and you pick up some savings in airplane travels and things like that, but we'd never want to market that as being material. And then on philosophical side or the intangible side, we think the benefits are immense. If you think about it, just a tiny, tiny adjustment in our labor productivity per hour equals millions of dollars annually. And we think by consolidating more of our professional development, we're going to get that.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Luis, on your comment. I guess you said that you saw an improvement in sort of labor productivity, and I was wondering if you can give a little color around that especially considering that I think during the first quarter call, Rich, sort of highlighted the fact that would mandatory tax certification, you might actually see some pressure on the labor line?
Luis Borgen: We could not see the pressure on that line, but just contingency great operational execution by the folks out in the field.
Operator: The next question comes from Gary Taylor of Citi.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Just thinking about this decline in the pharmaceutical utilizations, sequentially, I mean it's a pretty steep sequential decline that rivals some of the impacts you were seeing back in '07 when the FDA label was being put under a little more scrutiny. So I'm just wondering what do you think is driving that? Do you think that increased visibility of some of the trials that have been out there for a couple of years now, is it positioned actually proactively, thinking about bundling? Any more color on why that driver?
Kent Thiry: You actually don't think. Bundling has much to do with it. That it's much more a function of some of the increasing visibility of the bound clinical issues, surrounding some of the drugs. And that it is virtually 100% that we just don't think a lot of physicians are out there thinking a lot about the bundle when they're deciding how much EPO to give you and me.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: On the mix issue, the $2.50 sequentially. Is there an estimate on the year-over-year drag on revenue per treatment?
Kent Thiry: We don't have any handy. We'll see if we can dig it out and get back to you.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: On the VA contracts, I know I guess you don't want to tell us exactly when those became effective. They are included in guidance. Guidance only goes through the end of the year. So is it fair to say those new rates due take effect sometime in 2010?
Kent Thiry: Yes. And I don't want to be -- let me just drill for the right words here for a moment because I do want you to -- in terms of I might answer that they could be December 27. The rates are either in effect or going into effect soon. And so it's not something that's delayed over four, five, six month that you have to worry every time you have to do head fake [ph] by saying they're incorporated into 2010 guidance. But the dominant economic effect will be felt soon. And so our answer is not an end around.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: I guess maybe to press a little more, understanding there's still uncertainty around us. But I think part of the investment community was always on edge to just wake up and see 2% of your revenues down 40%, down to the Medicare rates and understanding that, that risk isn't completely gone. It sounds like it is fair to say you feel a little better about it at least in terms of this holding at these new rate levels for a while?
Kent Thiry: Well, I am pausing because I'm think a literal answer to your question, which is a well considered question, do we feel a little better? The answer to that precise question is yes. We feel a little better.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: On the long-term contracts with two big payers. I guess on the commercial side, I guess I'm not used to hearing you talk in those sort of terms. Is that a number of state and regional contracts renewed under bundled structure to take payers or has there been any sort of change in terms of elevating the levels at which those contracts are being done? Are those national contracts or?
Kent Thiry: Yes, again, very fair question and they are above average contracts in size. Otherwise, we wouldn't brought them up.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: But you won't say if that's different than how those contracts were constructed historically or not?
Kent Thiry: One of them was at the high level of aggregation, the other one wasn't, but both well above the average size and so they did represent a reasonable continuation of our trend towards longer term contracting, more bundled contracting and since we've sometimes had to frustrate you necessarily the last couple of quarter's by staying totally qualitative in our comments, we thought we would pounce on this opportunity to give you a more tangible sense to the fact that we're making good progress in reducing our risk profile.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Is the increased level of aggregation a trend that I don't know that I fully understood that you've talked about, but seems like maybe a little bit of that historically, but is there any significant change there we should be thinking about in terms of level of aggregation of revenues to certain payers?
Kent Thiry: I would say over the long-term that the transfer's aggregation, which we've talked about maybe every year or so for the last four years will continue. Will it pick up in speed? I think there's a very reasonable chance it will. I don't know that that's going to lead to any material near-term difference in competitive dynamics of the business. But I do think the long-term trend that we've talked about over five years will continue and it might pick up a little bit. And in general, that plays to our advantage.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: A lot of investors thinking about home dialysis whether that's hemo, whether that's PD [peritoneal dialysis] some of the incentives that exist on the bundling to do more home dialysis, a lot don't completely understand that you offer both home hemo and PD. So maybe just 30 seconds on your outlook for trajectory of growth in both of those services?
Kent Thiry: Absolutely highly qualified because we're not sure our PD population is growing modestly. We expect that to continue. Our HHD population is small and growing modestly and we don't really expect that to accelerate at this point. And so that's a pretty narrow answer. Is that sufficient?
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: I think so, I mean, it doesn't just sound like there's necessarily a shift that's in mind more of a -- that will continue to be a pretty small piece of business going forward. So...
Kent Thiry: Exactly, so I think it's enough for you to categorize. It is not very material within the relevant investment timeframe, most likely.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Arnold of Piper Jaffray.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray Companies: Just back to the payor mix question, as we think forward the next two, three, four years, let's assume the economy is going to continue to gradually improve, to what extent is the improvement in mortality something that you expect to continue to see? And do you think we can see 12% or 13% of your payer mix coming from commercial again?
Kent Thiry: Okay, two parts. A, with respect to mortality. We intensely hope to continue to improve our survival rates, and it's just gloriously wonderful how much we've done that over the last few years. We took a significant step back when we bought Gambrel and then got right back on the same trajectory marching down. So we hope that continues and it's just very unfortunate that means that we have a bigger Medicare cost deficit to fill until such time as any one on this calls has a relative on dialysis and then they're really happy that we have done that. Second, on the private side and the numerator part of the equation, history would indicate very strongly that an economic recovery will lead to a private insurance recovery, will lead to a more private patients, which will be a very nice bump for us. If it doesn't happen, then the pressure on the government to increase rates goes way, way up because when centers close down, real people get hurt, and real voters get upset. So there's a natural hedge there because we're talking about important stuff.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray Companies: Over the last couple of years, I think you guys have been very consistent in saying that about half of the deterioration in payer mix has been a result of improved mortality. So what your saying I think is that you hope to see some improvement in that payer mix, but getting back to where we were a few years ago is unlikely as a percentage?
Kent Thiry: Actually, we would make no prediction as to how far it could bounce back. I would not discount the probability that if we go back to what it was in the good old days depending on how healthcare reform moves forward, could have a tremendous impact to the number of people on private insurance. At the same time, we're not predicting that it will bounce back to those levels. It just so much has to do with what happens with healthcare structurally over the next four or five years on top of whatever the economy does.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray Companies: Can you just remind us of the process of how innovation, I think as you defined it earlier, in patient treatment protocols kind of works its way to your medical advisory board and how those new protocols are kind of process?
Kent Thiry: Could you do the question once more, please, Mark?
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray Companies: Can you just maybe explain to us the process of how any innovations in patient treatment protocols, particularly those coming out of positions in your centers working on different ways of treating patients that may or may not include changes in pharma utilization. But can you just talk about how those protocols or how those innovations that may come through work their way to your, I don't remember the term, your medical advisory board, Medical Directors? And how those things are processed at that board level?
Kent Thiry: If you had a piece of paper, you just picture four different circles. One picture, one circle is the office of the Chief Medical Officer, which is a group of very senior experienced docs that work for us 50% or 100%, and are the architects of new ideas and the trials and tests in order to compare those new ideas analytically. And second circle would be a P&T committee, which has not only physicians but also nurses, pharmacist and others that study the alternative clinical protocols with respect to any impact on the device used, the center of operations, things like that. The third circle would be our physician counsel, which is a set of physicians who don't work for us and are active practicing nephrologists, who would then debate and discuss all the observations, evidence, analysis, et cetera, from those first two circles. And the fourth circle was DCR, degree of clinical research, which is either the leading or one of the two leading clinical research organizations in the road in terms of kidney-focused pharma, biological and device trials, as well as medical informatics, which is to say the statistical analysis of all sorts of trials. And in the fourth circle that does a lot of the work to guide the conversations of those prior three. It's also an entirely separate profitable subsidiaries. So it's market tested in terms of its quality and rigor. So the process moves through those four groups iteratively, all of it under the watchful eye of our compliance team to make sure that everything that is done is documented. So the clinical validity and clinical motivation is not only pure but is well established, written down and documented.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray Companies: And then, I guess just a follow-up to that, has there been any recommendation from those groups to adjust in lower pharma utilization recently that would maybe support the lower utilization that you've been seeing here for the last -- about particularly here in the last quarter?
Kent Thiry: A short answer is no, there's a lot of experiments and pilots going on, but they're not of enough size to explain any material part of the change. Hence our earlier answer to the related question saying that the changes going on is position-driven and all the data that we have suggested, it's physician responding to a lot of the journals and articles and data that's being discussed, particularly surrounding some of the drugs. So the short answer is no and those are the subpoints underneath, that's a short answer. I also add that, that the fifth group that's involved in this process throughout is all of our nephrologists in the community. So when the Office of the Chief Medical Officer or the physician counsel start seriously looking at ideas, those ideas are shared with hundreds of nephrologist out in the community for open comment periods. And so that every idea is very, very thoroughly vetted by nephrologists across the nation.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray Companies: What's the amount of interest rate swaps that are still outstanding? And when do they expire and at what rate?
Kent Thiry: We'll look that up for you momentarily. Let's go ahead and go on for the next question and then Mark will come back with that answer and then two of you can stay on the line.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chuck Ruff (sic) [Charles Ruff] of Insight Investments.
Charles Ruff - Insight Investments: Back in the February Investor Day, you talked about long-term earnings per share growth of 9% to 11%. Now that we've seen the bundle, is that still seemed like a fair number to think about for the long-term?
Kent Thiry: That is still our goal. That has not changed. You please have to give us more than a weak to absorb this new regulation before we calibrate how it affects our probability of reaching that goal.
Charles Ruff - Insight Investments: A similar question, I think back then, you talked about big providers like we too fare a little better under bundling. Does that still seem fair or is it too early to say?
Kent Thiry: We still think it's fair.
Charles Ruff - Insight Investments: You mentioned earlier your target range for leverage, I think part of the region you were under that for quite a while was the uncertainty of the healthcare reform and the bundle. Are there some reasons that I'm not thinking of as to why you might still want to stay under that target for quite a while?
Kent Thiry: The short answer is no. One of the factors -- just repeat what you said, that there were a number of factors that led us to be below and a couple of the important ones were uncertainty around the bundle and uncertainty in the capital markets. And in those areas, there is less uncertainty now. Those were the only two factors but those were two of the big ones and they are different now, you are right.
Charles Ruff - Insight Investments: And there's no new ones to take your place that you can think of right now?
Kent Thiry: None that I can think of, but I'm looking around the table to see if -- no one has any to propose.
Charles Ruff - Insight Investments: And lastly, did you buy back any stock in July?
Kent Thiry: We are current -- our practices to disclose up until the date of the press release when we bought any stock back, and the answer to that is no. And that's why it wasn't in the press release.
Luis Borgen: The answer to the previous question was 350 million expires at the end of Q3 and the average rate is around 4.3%, regarding swaps.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Ellich of RBC Capital Markets.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Starting up with the acquisition spend this quarter, Kent, you mentioned that the environment is improving or at least you expect to close on some transactions. Do you guys spent $90 million this quarter, that's the most I think you spent in the last three years. Is that correct?
Kent Thiry: I'm not sure about the three years, but something like that. It's certainly of a high quarter. I just not sure about the three years.
Luis Borgen: And in part, it was a slow start to acquisitions as we mentioned last quarter. So you sort of, I mean, to look at it on a year-to-date basis.
David MacDonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: What type of valuations are you seeing on the deals you're looking at?
Kent Thiry: Very consistent with what we've seen historically.
David MacDonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: And then just wanted to get your views on home hemo, I think you cite recently you made another investment in NxStage Medical or have some more in Snow. And then lastly, thoughts on alternative forms of the assays, if you some new results a few months ago. I'm just wondering where you stand on hematide now and some other biologic out there?
Kent Thiry: On the second question, other ESAs, we've, of course, are eager for there to be more ESAs to choose from, any rational customer would be, even though EPO has now, as constituted, is a wonderful drug for our patience so on the assays, that's what we like. We're not very good at predicting how stuff unfolds in that space and so you can find other people far better than handicapping what will happen when. And then on HHD, on our NxStage, I wasn't clear about the question was, so if you could throw that at us again, please?
David MacDonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: I guess, have your views change on home hemo? We know you're the leader in terms of the largest home hemo provider and patients on PD at home. Just wondering if you can provide any color on the investment in NxStage Medical?
Kent Thiry: Our views have not changed.
Operator: Next question comes from Darren Lehrich of Deutsche Bank.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: The mean hemoglobin this quarter and the mean hemoglobin last quarter?
Kent Thiry: We've not historically disclosed that and we won't do it here today spontaneously. I'm not sure that's the right number for our shareholders to be thinking about, nor our physicians quite frankly. So let us think about when that that's the number we should start publishing each quarter.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess to the extent that we get new parameters, maybe above 12 might be useful if mean is something that you're not willing to disclose at this point, just I thought I'd ask. The exact percent of revenue related to the VA business. I think you've been using this sort of 2% number and on $6 billion of revenue, it seems like a pretty round number. So I'm wondering if you can just be a little more specific for us with respect to that?
Kent Thiry: I think what disappoints you on that one, Darren, that's to disclose more would create more risk for shareholders. That would offset any value in terms of incremental insight, and particularly since we've disclosed a fair amount and we haven't incorporated recent developments into our guidance.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: And then revenue per treatment for non-ESRD labs, can you just give us a rough estimate of how much revenue you think you derived from those labs, not discretely identified in the list?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, this is LeAnne, I think we aren't prepared to give you that number right now, thanks.
Luis Borgen: In fact, one of the problem was we didn't know how much those lab test that were proposed to being put into the bundle would cost. That's part of the reason why we commented that we needed a defined list.
Kent Thiry: And to elaborate further, just so you don't say were totally evading you on all three of your questions. The part of the difficulty was some of those other non-ESRD things is different doctors have different practices. Not only in terms of what they order but who they order it through and from. And different payers handle those things differently and so it's such a moving target. It is hard to know, which is why it would've been terrible for them to put it in the bundle and perhaps in the years to come, there'll be a lot more clarity on what that is in aggregate, much less, what our piece of it is because of course, that's all we could ever know is what piece of it is ours. I want to go back on the mean thing too, Darren, just so you didn't think we're being evasive there. We try to use clinical numbers in our conversations with you and other shareholders that are as close as possible to the ones we use internally. And mean is not one that gets much attention here, aggregate mean. If we start to use in the bunch for helping monitor what's going on in our company, then the odds that we'll start showing it publicly go way up.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: Well, you have provided in the past something that differs in you is just pretty consistently disclosed. I'm not saying it's the right number to focus on but that's why I asked.
Kent Thiry: I know we have said it sometimes in the past but it's always been kind of a one-off thing and we literally calculated just to answer the question as opposed to calculating it as something we used to run the company or communicate with our physicians. And again, as much as possible, we try to avoid using different metrics and numbers with all of you and then we do it ourselves.
Operator: Your final question comes from Justin Lake of UBS Investment Bank.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: A quick question on the longer-term outlook or at least for next year, Kent, I think at the Investor Day, you said that given what you knew at that point, it was likely that it was going to take somewhere at the neighborhood of two to four quarters for you to drive enough efficiencies in the business to offset the expected Medicare cut. Can you tell us given what you know now if that still holds true?
Kent Thiry: Well, first of all, I would like to [indiscernible] slightly. It was two to four quarters to implement all the changes that we end up thinking our proved whether or not that is going to offset exactly or fully or not was and remains an open question. So with that amendment in mind, we would still say that the adjustment process, the operating change process, will take about two to four quarters and we've not yet decided when that begins. But it's either going to be at the end of the year or a bit before the end of the year, and then the clock starts ticking.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank AG: And given what you know now, is there anyway to tell us whether you think there's a probability or give us a probable aspect scenario under which you think you can actually keep operating income flat, grow it? Or do you think it will decrease 2011 versus 2010?
Kent Thiry: We're not prepared to answer that. Having said that, we don't want it to be some huge uncertain abyss. We are confident that there are going to be some innovations that will offset some of the cut.
Justin Lake - UBS Investment Bank: I would assume that you expect to give guidance with the typical range in some of the moving parts with the third quarter earnings?
Kent Thiry: Correct. That is our intense goal, because if we don't, you will be very upset.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I will now turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Kent Thiry: Thank you, all for your thoughtfulness and good questions. We will work hard between now and our next call to add some value. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-28 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Gustafson - VP, IR Rick Whitney - CFO Kent Thiry - Chairman and CEO LeAnne Zumwalt - VP Luis Borgen - CFO 
Analysts:  Kevin Fischbeck - Banc of America Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Justin Lake - UBS Brian Zimmerman - Deutsche Bank Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray Gary Taylor - Citigroup John Ransom - Raymond James Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Chuck Ruff - Insight Investments  
Operator: Good afternoon. Ill be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Jim Gustafson, you may begin your conference.
Jim Gustafson: Thank you and welcome everyone to our first quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in company. Im Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations and with me today is Kent Thiry, our CEO, Rich Whitney our CFO and LeAnne Zumwal, Vice President and Luis Borgen who will be our CFO starting next month.  Id like start with our forward looking disclosure statements. During this call, we may make forward looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent annual report on form 10-K.  Our forward looking statements are based on information currently available to us and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, wed like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss on a non GAAP financial measures, a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our form 8-K, submitted to the SEC and are available on our website.  I will now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Kent Thiry :  Thank you and thank all of you for your interest in DaVita. We had another solid quarter. I'll cover five quick topics. Number one, clinical outcomes, number two bundling, number three government investigations, number four industry dynamics, excuse me number four outlook and number five, industry dynamics.  First clinical outcome is which we always cover first because we are first and foremost, a care giving company serving above 119,000 patients now. Referred to this spec of adequacy which is essentially how well youre doing at, removing toxins from our patients blood, this quarter, 96% of our hemodialysis patients had a Kt/V greater than 1.2. Second with respect to divesture access, 66% our patients have fistulas which is a preferred form of vascular abscess. Third, in management, positions that managed 65% of our patients to hemoglobin levels it tends between 10 and 12 over the last three months.  For these inversely all other clinical measures are patient outcomes compared very favorably to the national averages. Our high quality, our high quality clinical care and that is only results in healthier patience. But it also drives reductions and hospitalization and surgical procedures and therefore significant savings to the American Tax payer.  Topic number 2 the bundle is simply nominal information to report. We are waiting for the final rule just as you are CMS is still likely to release it in late May or June while we hope the rule will be much better than the interim rule and in fact we expected it. I want to remind everyone that a bad bundling rule would mean that centers will close which would hurt both access to care and the quality of care.  Topic number 3 government investigations, we were recently notified by the department of justice that it is conducting a similar investigation into the company financial relationships with positions. We have not received any more detail in that but are expecting subpoena sometime in the near future. As most of you know investigations in this nature generally take years to conclude also as most of you know our comments at this stage must necessarily be quite generic.  Namely with 34,000 team-mates in more 1800 locations across the country it would be nave to assert that we are sure that we are perfect everywhere and everyday. And we whole heartedly respect the governments responsibility to ensure the appropriateness of our and other provider practices. However for any perspective share holders out there listening or doing due diligence on DaVita. You will find that our 10 year track record with respect to these types of investigations is almost uniquely positive in the world of American Health Care.  Topic number 4, outlook. Very simply we are maintaining our 2010 operating income guidance of $950 million to $1.02 billion looking into 2011 everyone know we faced challenges and opportunities of adapting to the new bundle and that could mean and probably will mean two to four quarters of transitional activities. The fifth and final topic, just stepping back for a moment and looking at fundamental industry dynamics and the fundamental risk to avoid characteristics of your investments or potential investment in us. On the risk side there is no understating the fact that there is an unusual government rate pressure these days in all of American healthcare and there is normal private rate pressure, that there is simply no getting away from those risks on the upside side however point, A, the bundle does create $1.1 billion of innovation potential and in that sphere scale helps. Point B, if government funding becomes more inadequate centers will close and given CMS shares accountability for 88% of American dialyses patients center closings are appropriately highly visible and highly sensitive. Point C, the structure of our industry and of course our own business model therefore is still marked by one stable demand, number two, distinctively transparent economics and clinical performance with 85% of the centers being stand alone and all during essentially 1 DRG 0.3 of that 75% of the centers in America being owned by rational shareholders who recognize the sad fact that the government does not cover the expenses in taking care of the patients for whom they have assumed responsibility and therefore the private sector must unfortunately subsidize that deficit and points soar. The proximity and continuity of care for these patients is incredibly important. And then the final point to be made on the upside side is recently three of the MDOs the Medium Dialysis Organization the small chains if you were have received private equity funding which appears to reflect compatible lead on risk reward characteristics that I just walked us through. And now on to Rich Whitney our CFO.
Rich Whitney: Overall the first quarter came in as expected and was characterized by very strong cash flow, a continued product mix decline and solid commercial rate improvement. Compared to Q1 of last year, revenue was up nearly 8%, operating income up 10% and EPS up 13%, non-acquired growth was 4.2% in the quarter, this is somewhat lower than recent quarters and growth in quarter was adversely impacted by heavy snowstorms in the first quarter as well as a slowdown in a few key markets. Taking the storm impact into account, we are around the middle of our recent non-acquired growth rate of 4 to 5%. Dialysis revenue per treatment increased $4.27 sequentially, the main contributors were an improvement in commercial rates, the 1% Medicare composite rate update and seasonally higher lab revenues, these positives were partially offset by decline in physician prescribed pharmaceuticals. Lower EPO ASP reimbursement and the deterioration in product mix that I mentioned.  Dialysis operating expenses per treatment increased $2.82 sequentially. About 80% of this increase was labor including seasonably higher payroll taxes and lower teammate productivity. The balance of the increase in cost was primarily the impact of spreading 6 to operating expenses over fewer treatment days in the quarter and an EPO price increase and those items offset somewhat by the lower physician prescribed pharmaceuticals mentioned above. Onto cash flow, Q1 was a strong cash flow quarter operating cash flow $263 million, free cash flow $22 million and net cash flow $216 million. A 2 day reduction in DSO to 66 days, timing of working capital items and the timing of cash taxes all contributed to the strong operating cash flow. At this time we are maintaining our 2010 operating cash flow guidance of $675 to $725 million as we expect some of these timing items may turn around as the year progresses. Finally regarding cash flow, both capital spending and acquisitions were low in Q1 about $70 million less than Q1 by comparison. So this also contributed to the strong net cash flow and the growth in our cash balances in the quarter. Our quarter end cash balance was a little over $750 million. As you know over the least year or so we have been conservative in our net leverage levels and in the use of our cash given the financial market disruption, uncertainty around health care reform and M&A discussions and of course the impending bundling rule.  While most of that uncertainty is now cleared, we still do not expect to take any dramatic actions ahead of the bundling rule. Once we have clarity around the rule, we would expect to make some more significant decisions regarding the allocation of our cash amongst growth buyback and debt repayment. In the meantime, as you saw in the release, we have recalled $200 million of our senior notes. Given our ample liquidity and the recent step down in the call premium on these notes as well as the fact that these notes ultimately need to be repaid in connection with any re-financing of our senior credit facilities, we knew this was a prudent use of our excess cash that will reduce our ongoing interest expense by approximately $1 million per month. Thats a pre-tax number.  Okay. Next, a few words about the better end administration. The average rates we receive from the VA are currently above Medicare rates but well below commercial rates. In late February, the VA announced a proposed rule that would unilaterally and significantly cut our rates if implemented. So if they go forward with this rule, number one, it may not look hold up to legal scrutiny. Number two; many better is access to care will be severely compromised. Number three, some setters will undoubtedly close and number 4, they will likely have a big operating mess on their hands as they try to implement a Medicare payment systems which is in transition and yet to be fully defined. The industry opposes this dramatic and unilateral rate cut and is working with the VA and Congress to find hopefully a more reasonable alternative.  So we do not know if or how or when the VA will implement any rate changes. But if they do it would be a meaningful headwind as we move into 2011. As per our financial outlook as Kent mentioned we remained comfortable with our full year guidance. With that said our current view is that certain timing issues will probably cause Q2 to be flat to Q1 in terms of operating income with more improvement coming in quarters 3 and 4.  There are 5 primary drivers of that reality, number 1, acquisition timing, while the pipeline and the full year looks solid. We got of to a slower start on acquisitions this year. Point number 2, our nation wide leadership meeting, this meeting of more than 2000 center level and other leaders of our company takes place in Q2 causing seasonally high expenses. Point number 3, Q2 typically has between 1 and 2 more treatment days than Q1.  This year it happens to have, Q2 happens to have only one additional treatment day. Point number 4, Q2 has another sequential reduction in the ASP for EPO reimbursement and then point number 5; we do anticipate somewhat higher labor costs in Q2. In part due to the transition to mandatory, mandatory patient care technician certification which is effective April 15, of this year. So I want to surely emphasize that this is no change in our outlook for the year. But it is likely that OI growth will be more back loaded this year then as typical. Similarly as we look at Q2, given that we havent bought back any shares year-to-date straight share count estimates are high. Also as you would expect, we are not likely to do anything dramatic head of the bundling rules and so we may buyback some stock, any Q2 buybacks would only impact weighted average share counts for a partial quarter. And then finally as previously announced in the coming days Luis Borgen will step into the role of Chief Financial Officer, Luis comes to DaVita with a breadth finance experience having served in a number of senior finance roles in his 13 years at Staples. We are excited to welcome Luis to our team. As for my part, I enjoyed serving our team and our shareholders as CFO for the last two years and I look forward to staying on to help Luis with his transition. And someone just handed me a note and indicated that I misspoke that we are saying the share count estimates are too low, not too high. Thank you very much. Okay, can you please open it up for Q&A please?
Operator: Yes, sir. (Operators Instruction). Your first question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck with Banc of America.
Kevin Fischbeck - Banc of America: Okay. Great. Thank you. Question for you, Kent. You mentioned earlier that there's been a few regional deals at pretty good multiples, multiples which I assume are above the range that you were hoping to pay for some of these transactions. Does that in any way change your outlook about your hope to essentially use your cash to do a large transaction? And if so, what then moves up the priority list?
Kent Thiry: Fair question and you are correct in your premise given the multiples that some of these transactions were done at the odds that we would offer a premium to that in time in the near future and do a transaction are necessarily lower than they were had we done the deal itself and so your premise is correct. There are still other potential acquisition in this space and then there are of course are the options which outlined of buying back stock or paying down debt and then we have the final option of investing in accelerating growth in our home infusion business or elsewhere. So those are things that start to move up the priority list given a number of the small change might be temporarily off the table at a reasonable price.
Kevin Fischbeck - Banc of America: Is there a view that you guys obviously have been doing a number of tuck-in acquisitions anyway? Is there a view that, that might accelerate or logistically it's very difficult to make up a small regional chain with a large number of small one-off type transactions?
Kent Thiry : Once again your premise is correct, higher to do enough tiny ones to equal doing a medium one, although the bundle may lead to an increase in the number of small properties on the market, we really can't predict that with any certainty at this time.
Kevin Fischbeck - Banc of America: Okay. Just obviously it makes sense to wait on the bundle reg before you figure out the best use of capital, if you deploy capital, but is there a view that, within a few months you guys would know what the best use of capital is or is this still something that could take some time to evolve the decision process?
Kent Thiry: A fair question We've historically been incredibly reticent to put some kind of time frame on making a decision like that because who knows what will change not between now, today when we say that and the day of whatever timeline that we would offer up so I guess we prefer rather than commenting on the short term future, instead look back at our history and its clear that we never go too long without making a definitive decision and acting on it in a relatively clear way and so I think the past is the most useful guide in this case and for decisions like this unless you think you are a superb predictor of the future in a way that no one else is plus or minus a month or two is just not relevant to long term shareholder value.
Kevin Fischbeck - Banc of America: That's helpful. Last question I know that historically you haven't given this number out, but would love to see if you can answer it this time or at least the very least as we head into the bundling. What percent of your commercial contracts are bundled? I know in the past, at your investor day in particular, you mentioned that the commercial contract bundling is one of the factors that might go into whether you would move all in into the bundled rate or whether you might phase in and given the importance of the decision process, we would like more color on that breakout on the commercial contract side?
Rich Whitney: We are not going to change our position so it doesnt makes sense for us to disclose that number but I think what I would say is that we have fair amount of our business bundled and we expect to bundle more in the current year and I think that were comfortable with where we stand at this point in time. Thats probably the only color that I think we can offer. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich with RBC Capital Markets. 
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets:  Good afternoon. Just a couple of questions. Kent, I was wondering if you can talk about the competitive landscape especially with some of the mid-sized deals that we've been seeing and capital infusion. And then with could you also talk about the pricing environment, pricing has been pretty good for you guys, obviously there are some moving parts. Just wondering what we should expect for the rest of the year? 
Kent Thiry:  I wish we knew what pricing was going to look like on deals for the balance of the year. Whenever theres new capital infused into segments and we dont know at this point exactly what the net amount of new capital but its appropriate how they are concerned that might drive up some pricing. On the other hand, most of the companies were talking about having a history of being quite disciplined in their deployment of capital and thats a good thing. And then, in addition, the uncertainty around bundling makes a lot of folks a little more hesitant, not necessarily more hesitant to invest in the space generally but in deciding which centers are most attractive.  So at this point, if you asked everybody in this side of their speaker phone, whether prices would likely to be higher or lower the same, you probably get a mixture of opinions with a slight bias towards being higher, but it is really slight.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets:  Okay. That's helpful. And then I guess the other pricing aspect I was looking for was the average revenue per treatment. Rich gave some detail in his prepared remarks. I was just wondering should we expect the 2% type of pricing growth to continue. 
Rich Whitney:  Kevin there on revenue for treatment there is number of components of course one is the pricing and the other is at least until we are bundled the fluctuations that we see quarter to quarter in our position prescribed pharmaceutical intensities. And then off course we have the mix our care mix and so currently our commercial pricing is solid and pretty consistent with our recent experience so hasnt been much of a change there.  As it relates to intensities the, what we seen over the last couple of quarters it is really fluctuation within the normal band of how it moved historically. But obviously it is important not mention as the driver of revenue for treatment. And then finally we have experienced discontinued deterioration and mix and its been seven quarters now as we said in the past its roughly half patients staying with us longer meaning lower mortality primarily and have the mix of new patients which really is tracking that the changes weve seen in the economy and unemployment and more directly the lower number of insurance lives that all insurance companies are reporting.  So its been very difficult for us to predict with any accuracy revenue per treatment direction right now. Those are the underlined components that we are looking for a signal on mix in terms if taught we havent seen that yet. And not much changing right now we are doing fine on commercial pricing and not much changing right now we are doing fine on commercial pricing and intensities we would expect the same kind of quarter-to-quarter fluctuation within reasonable bands that we have seen for the last four or six quarters.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Excellent. And then last question, back to Kent. I wonder if we can get an update on DaVita Rx and to the disease management programs.
Kent Thiry: Sure, the DaVita Rx continues to be profitable, continues to grow, continues to do wonderful things for patients and taxpayer and so absent any structural changes out there and of course there could be some, we are feeling very good about having traded that capability for all the different reasons we were interested in doing so and then the disease management front that continues to be R&D which is closer code word their saying it looses money and we continue to get better at managing down total cost of Kidney care which we think for our shareholders is an asset and a capability that some day we are going to be able to monetize in a very healthy manner but not yet, because at this point there arent enough buyers for that integrated care to support the scale of the cost associated with delivering it.  But, we are getting better every year both in terms of adding value and adding it more efficiently and as you know from everything you read about healthcare reform, the market is getting more and more interested. The markets defined are both the government and the private sector in purchasing the kind of integrated care that we are prepared to deliver. Did I answer the question?
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Yes, thank you.
Kent Thiry: Thanks Kevin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo: Thanks. I was hoping maybe you could talk a little bit more about how you are thinking in terms of the bundle and transitioning, whether your thoughts are towards transitioning all at once or transitioning over time and maybe you can give us a little bit of color in terms of what would make you more likely to transition over time versus what would make you more likely to go in all at once?
Kent Thiry : To the basic question which we will do, we have no idea until we see the rule and as to the variable right Gary the list gets pretty long given everything that was in the proposed rule that will probably be different but we don't know how different and so it's I think too longer list to be useful because the rules going to affect so many part of our cost and revenue structure so I think it's better to just say at this point we are totally open minded.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo: Okay. And then maybe just ask a question on the VA. Is there some event you can point to that made the VA focus more on their rates this year than in past years? Did someone increase the rates significantly on the VA that caused them to focus on it? Or is there some other event that you're aware of?
Kent Thiry: What caused them to focus on it which is their general budget situation the VA particularly and the government more generally and then its important to point out that the rule applies to all aspects of the health care they provide not just dialysis.
Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo: Okay. And then I guess maybe ultimately do you think it gets negotiated out with the VA or do you think they take a hard line and you guys will have to do what you have to do?
Kent Thiry : It's too early in I guess calling in a conversation might not be the right label. It is too early in the process to handicap the outcome. There are a number of people on the VA who are still very resolved to do exactly what they set out to do X months ago. There are number of other people who are now very worried that if they do that for dialysis patients they may cause harm to a lot of veterans and significantly increase total health care costs and so whats the point. Its our responsibility as a community and as a leading provided to go to them with responsible coherent, implementable proposals which get them hard dollar savings and at the same time preserved gets access to the kind of care that we provided that they cant get otherwise so it simply too early to handicap and we are making a little bit of targets every month but to express any optimism would be unfair to you.
Operator: Your next question comes the line of Justin Lake with UBS.
Justin Lake - UBS: A few questions here. First, Kent, you mentioned this new investigation. I might have only heard half of it, I apologize but if you can flush out specifically, it sounds like you said they were looking at physician partnerships. Is that right? Is there anything else you can tell us?
Kent Thiry: Financial relationships with physicians and we dont have any details beyond that, what that typically means of course is joint ventures and medical director arrangements and things like that but thats just speculating. We just know the label of financial relationships for the physicians. 
Justin Lake - UBS: Right. There's been investigations of this sort in the industry before, right?
Kent Thiry:  Quite a few. 
Justin Lake - UBS:  And you've been looked at in this manner at both your medical directors and any agreement you have there, as well as the partnerships you have on the facility side, is that correct?
Kent Thiry:  Well, the short answer is yes. Based on our guess on what they are going to look at and so, totally, know more about what theyre going to look at. We can't say definitively that someone else is already looked at it but a lot of our position related stuff has been looked at a couple of times over the last 10 years. That does not mean that this new process might not focus on something that has not been locked at before and so I want to be very careful in my word choice. 
Justin Lake - UBS:  Got it. I guess just one last question on this piece of the call. Like you said, you said we have seen this before, ten years you have a pretty good track record or very good track record. Is there anything new that you might be able to point in the industry as far as practices here? You've had medical directorships have been out there. You've had the same language in the case for a while and then on physician partnerships you've also had these facility agreements for a long time. Is there anything new there that they might be looking at that they hadnt had a chance to look at the last time? 
Kent Thiry:  Not that we know of but its pretty impossible to answer given we dont have any thing from them. So probably be best answer to the question you asked is we dont know because we dont know anything beyond that which weve said.
Justin Lake - UBS:  That's very helpful, Kent. I just have a couple of questions on the business and then I'll jump back out of the queue. One, Rich, you mentioned the continued private mix decline, I think, was the way you put it. Can you give us any color here when you say it's continuing, is that I would assume that means its deteriorated further from where the mix was coming out of the year?
Rich Whitney:  Yes deteriorated further as it has for past seven quarters and in Q1 the deterioration was not as significant as it was in Q4.
Justin Lake - UBS: Okay, so the second derivative has improved a little bit?
Rich Whitney: Dont know whether to call that a trend or not for its effects.
Justin Lake - UBS: Okay. That is helpful. It just becomes a little bit more curious and I'm sure you have seen your largest competitor out there the last few quarters as you've been reporting this has been saying the exact opposite. Is there any way you can reconcile that given the place in the industry you two sit at?
Rich Whitney: Yeah well I think we should probably start by saying there is some confusion on our side as whether, whether they are talking about revenue mix or volume mix. We are talking volume mix so I wanted start by saying that and then as it relates to our own trends as we often said it is half improve mortality in half the climbed mix newer patients which to us given everything thats going on around us broadly in health care and the economy this pretty expected. We would think that both of those factors would be impacting I can see in the same kind of way.  And in fact we have look at the mix changes to our markets where we share our presence with FMC and the decline of those markets has been consistent with the overall decline in the rest of our business so we dont really see any difference in the markets where we are sharing market or competing head to head with FMC. So of course we dont have any of this data we only have our own which we monitor incredibly closely but the difference could be in this definition of what does one mean by commercial mix, its possible there could be a geographic differences although again we only see it in the market that we look at and then finally we sort of have to be open to the possibility that they may just be up performing us. So, we are taking it pretty seriously.
Justin Lake - UBS: That's helpful. And then just one last question on the VA. So in the preliminary announcement they said the dialysis cut was 40% on average, I'm sure that varies. Can you tell us whether that is a reasonable number to think about for DaVita?
Rich Whitney: Well, I think what we could say is that there is at least one highly respected analyst thats offered us a number of $50 million as being a potential estimate of the impact and I think what we would say is the fact that, thats a fair and reasonable estimate of what the exposure could be here.
Justin Lake - UBS: When does that typically, if it just happens, when would it happen? If that goes through, would it be calendar year, government fiscal year?
Rich Whitney: Well as proposed, October 1, of 2010 and whether that actually can happen on that time table is another question. But thats as proposed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Zimmerman - Deutsche Bank: Thanks and good afternoon, this is Brian Zimmerman filling in for Darren. I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about de novos and how 2010 is shaping up on that front.
Rich Whitney: Sure, Brian. Really no change from what we said at capital markets day which is your expectation in the current year we are open around the same number of de novos that we opened last year and so you can think about it as around 80, the maybe the only other thing to report is that while we are still experiencing de novos certification delays we have been successful on working down that backlog of uncertified de novos and the number that we have right now is about 44 so it's down quite a bit from the I think the peak levels were around almost 60 if I am not mistaken, that give you a sense we probably won't continue to report on the exact number because the issue is moderating from a shareholder perspective but of course we are still dealing with the day to day and some states are worse than others etcetera.
Brian Zimmerman - Deutsche Bank: Okay thanks and then also, can you discuss a little bit about your JV strategy and whether it is becoming more important in your development plans? 
Kent Thiry : We have done more JVs with nephrologists than any other company ever and we continue to be very comfortable with that model and therefore our position today is the same it has been when they are done correctly. They are very good for all stakeholders and we will continue to do them with great regularity.
Brian Zimmerman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then I guess one final question. I notice that your strategic initiatives business was better sequentially from an income perspective; do you think that this segment could turn break-even by the end of the year?
Rich Whitney : That's really just a timing issue; our guidance really remains the same on what we expect from strategic initiatives. That are first quarter than they were tracking at but no change in outlook for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Afrasiabi with PIMCO
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO: Hi, there. You answered a couple of my questions already, but on the bond buyback, the call, $200 million of that $900 million senior note tranche is there any I guess a small percentage of the bond, I was wondering if you can explain your rationale there in terms of taking out $200 million of that and why you won't look at the higher coupon subordinated bond, the 7 in the quarter of 15, and also just can you touch on your plans to refinance the capital structure given the bank debt maturity?
Rich Whitney : Okay so I think there are a few questions in there I think, I believe that the first question was why only 200 why not more?
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO: Yeah thats right.
Rich Whitney: And that really is just a function of continuing to keep our options open in terms of relative mix of the allocation of our free cash. Again we are on the EPO of reimbursement rule change and so we kind of want to keep our options open, with that said we have ample of liquidity and generate a lot of cash this quarter and felt that it was time now to use some of that cash relief a bit of interest burden so thats why 200 and not more. I believe that your second question was why not take off the higher coupon sub notes and the reason is because they have longer dated maturities. They have substantially higher call premiums as a result and third the senior notes for all practical purposes will likely have to be re-financed that the time that we do re-financing of the senior credit facilities. And so, I call in an hour essentially just accelerating something that we would ultimately do inevitability. No longer dated sub notes, thats not the case. We dont have to take them out to re-finance our senior credit facilities. So did that answer the second question?
Mark Afrasiabi - PIMCO:  Yeah, I mean thank you. And it made some sense that when you re-finance the credit facilities and give them the longer data but not by much I guess sort of 2015 and here we are mid 2010 etcetera. I mean as you re-financed that bank facility, sometimes people have, you might just re-finance the whole capital structure in terms of all the debt. Sounds like you are saying you probably just do the seniors?
Rich Whitney :  TBD but we know the seniors would have to come out most likely, have to come out to facilitate a re-financing. And then I think your third question was what are you thinking about in terms of during the re-financing and I dont have a concrete answer for you at the moment. Again, were kind of waiting that you get through this bundling rule here. However, given the maturities, it would be certainly are expectation that by the time we got into, first or second quarter of 2011 that we would have expected that re-financed by that.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Mark Arnold with Piper Jaffrey. 
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffrey:  Good afternoon. I think that last question answered a few of mine. So, I'll just skip over here but one question that came up earlier and I was interested in your comments Kent in response to this but discussing your acquisition plans and how that may have changed given the new private equity investment in the dialysis space, and you mentioned beyond the debt paybacks and stock buybacks, the possibility of potentially expanding your home infusion business. Can you just talk a little bit more about your home infusion business? Have you looked at any home infusion opportunities over the past year? And just what you are thinking about with that business and has that changed at all given the changing landscape on the dialysis side?
Kent Thiry :  First a moments history which will be helpful to anyone who is new to the DaVita. The first year after we bought the home infusion company we almost killed it, we smothered it with mothership love and the second year the team which was fortunately still there. And a new group of DaVita partners did a wonderful job of turning it around and giving it back not only to where it had been but beyond where it had been. And so we are only about 9 months 12 months into Phase 3, post hurting it, post turning it around and coming of a very nice 12 months of growth and a whole bunch of dimensions and improved capability. So with that as a factual backdrop we do want that business to grow much more in 10 and 11 than they did in 08 and 09. At this point we are focused significantly on de novo growth versus acquisition growth because we are not quite comfortable yet with paying the multiples and exposing near capital in that fashion. However we have looked at a couple of opportunities and we are not totally closed to it but I repeat our primary growth of this is on a dramatic expansion of our de novos in that space.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray: Just one follow-up question to that. When you guys think about your home infusion business, do you think about potential synergies or in the future with your DaVita Rx business?
Kent Thiry: I think its very possible that what we have and this is in response to your question, so its not a point of view that we are pushing but in response to your question, everyone knows that over the next years coming down the biological pipeline the pharma pipeline there are a number of more complex drugs in biologicals that scream out for more coherence distribution, value added distribution if you will. In order to get to the right patients under the right clinical protocols with the right data collected etcetera.  And with our network of 1600, 1700 dialysis centers with caregivers and integrated electronic medical system with the some infusion companies experience in taking care of lots of different pharmaceutical delivery both at home and in infusion suits and the DaVita Rxs capability to deliver either to a center or to the home all the drugs that a patient needs that dont require being handed over and infused or injected by a nurse, it is possible that we could become a highly differentiated value added distributor and partner to a lot of those pharma and biotech companies. We will see, but we've put together the ingredients how long it might take to cook that into something that attractive to you guys is not clear but we certainly do think about it.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray: And one more follow-up to that and I recognize that your answer will just be answering my question again, but when you guys think about what described or that possibility, how does that play into how you look at home hemodialysis as well?
Kent Thiry : Short answer is not very much. On the one hand it has been useful as we were hoping to use the home infusion company as way of getting a whole other lens of looking at home hemodialysis because you necessarily end up of having a whole bunch of conventional wisdom embedded and you are thinking that you don't even realize and by having another successful business that does a lot of stuff at home and helped us calling the question certain operating assumptions that we didn't even know we are making with respect to home hemodialysis whether hemo or PD so that is useful, having said that at this point still most of the investment dynamics around home hemodialysis are not affected by anything going on in the home IV.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Just one last question and it just relates to the investigation you announced. I think you mentioned it's a civil investigation by the DOJ? Is that correct?
Kent Thiry : Yes 
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray: And so the question was just, with the separate from that investigation, what's the status of the Missouri, the 2005 Missouri U.S. Attorney's investigation?
Kent Thiry : I cannot do a good job of responding so people understand we will scurry about while we are taking other questions and see if we can get you something useful for everyone else to hear and if not you can follow up with a phone call and we will give you that update.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray: Great thank you.
Rich Whitney: I think the bottom-line if it has not been active in some time we will get you a couple of more factoids. 
Kent Thiry: Well in fact now there is another 10 seconds to reflect and being a little slow here today when you sit in Missouri, I didnt quickly align that with St. Louis. St Louis has been very quite for a couple of years now thats the answer to that question; I apologize for my inability to do any geographic matching in my head.
Rich Whitney : I can add on to that. We were in document production all the way through the end of 2009 but in terms of having any kind of substantive contact with the government, its been since 2008 that we have had any. 
Kent Thiry: So not a lot going on right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with Citigroup
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Hi. Good afternoon. Incidentally, calling from St. Louis, so, Kent, I'm appalled at your geography. A few questions, but I think very quick answers. Just going through the investigation again, your sense is this would be a national look at your practices? Are your physician relationships on a national basis?
Kent Thiry: Yes.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Any sense that others might be receiving the same inquiries as we have seen sometimes historically?
Kent Thiry: We have no insight into that. 
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: And do you have an idea which U.S. attorney this come out of? Would this be one of culprits Missouri, Pennsylvania, New York that weve seen before?
Kent Thiry :  I think all we can say now is what weve said. 
Gary Taylor - Citigroup:  Okay. Rich on the call premium, on the notes, did you say what that was down this side?
Rich Whitney:  I did not say what it was. I believe it is 101.5 but I will check with you. 
Gary Taylor - Citigroup:  And that would just be a non recurring item in the 2Q I guess?
Rich Whitney:  Correct. 
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Also I noted the new disclosure or I guess I think a little bit different disclosure of the equity investment income being called out on its own line item. Am I right if thats new?  
Rich Whitney:  Thats not new. So I'm not sure what you might be looking at. 
Gary Taylor - Citigroup:  The fact thats growing. That reflective of JVs is that what that is primarily?
Rich Whitney:  No. JVs would show up in the minority interest. 
Gary Taylor - Citigroup:  So what is this line item?
Rich Whitney :  We have some doubt this business that we dont own, would be owned less than 50% thats affected best. And there are few other things in there. Let me get back to you on that.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup:  Okay. A quick question just on AR strength is about 50 million better. You called it out but it was about 50 million better than our model, both on the balance sheet and the cash flow statement. Any color at all just pure timing of nothing really to look at there? Obviously, good result. Youll take it but anything else beyond that?
Rich Whitney:  I'm sorry did you say AR?
Gary Taylor - Citigroup:  Yes.
Rich Whitney:  Yes just two day improvement sequentially and it is really a function of a strong cash collection quarter. You know some improvements they made, over time and we hope its sustainable but not ready to predict that at the moment.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup:  And then finally just going to the VA issue, this isn't kind of, I guess, a federal or CMS rulemaking process that we are all kind of used to, seeing the proposed rule, whatever. If they were to proceed attempting to implement this on 10/1, is there some public notice that you think we might see or would you know that before the public would know that?
Kent Thiry:  Well let make a step at the answering and then LeAnne you can correct me if I get it wrong. The fact is there was a common period and the industry did submit a number of written comments for their reflection and they are now in a reflecting stage. And LeAnne is bowing her head up and down saying that all those words are accurate.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup:  But not a definitive idea on when, I guess, a final decision? Just sometime between now and October? 
Kent Thiry:  No, okay that is correct we do not know when they will make their decision.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay. That's all I had. Thank you. 
Richard Whitney:  Gary let me circle back and give you the answers to some of the things that we didnt have at our finger tips. So the call premium is 101.656 and our estimate is that we would have a one time pre-tax charge of about $4 million to accounts for that in Q2. And your question about equity income I hope it is there and am not sure if there was something else in there, but heres what it is in centers that we dont a own a 100% but are consolidated in our financial statements the owner share of that income shows up in minority interest so what you use to get all minority interest.  What shows up in the equity income is our centers where we have the minority interest and we dont consolidate those centers that we only pickup our share of their income. So, thats the difference and what I wanted to check is whether that was everything and in fact that is everything you see that runs through that line item.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Is there a business reason why that type of non-consolidated investment would be increasing?
Rich Whitney: No.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Do you do more of those types of?
Rich Whitney: No, we had one larger one in the not too distant past; I think its really of more function of the changing profitability in some of those investments. We only have a handful of them just not really part of our core part of our strategy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Ransom with Raymond James.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Hi. Just a quick one here at the end. As you move into bundling have you noticed any change of behavior on behalf of your vendors? Are they coming to you with proactive solutions or is this going to be kind of a typical sort of interaction?
Kent Thiry: Id say that, the conversations are spirited and.
John Ransom - Raymond James: You have a lot of good euphemisms today. That's a good one.
Kent Thiry: And they know that we are pretty intense in this subject, the entire provider community and so there will be some major league opportunities for some of them to dramatically improve or secure their strategic position but the details around that will require some thrashing.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Okay. And my other question is, and this goes back to the disease management business, but would you have expected it by this point in time that maybe some forward-thinking payers might be willing to talk about some kind of global capitation for their dialysis patients or is this progressing like you thought it would?
Kent Thiry : I think honest answer to the question is if you ask me four years ago I would have predicted that more would have happened by then and so that's the answer to your question. If you would ask me two years ago I would have said we will be right about where we are because the private payers have so many other larger segments that got some serious data issues and they have this issue understandably around their need to subsidize the government and when the X percent that are private subsidizing in deficit traded by the 85 to 88% that are government that leads to higher rates which dont exactly put you in the mood to want to do all sorts of other things. So I think that some of why it is moved slowly and I wouldn't anticipate any dramatic change in the next year or two either.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Okay. And then lastly, looking at healthcare reform, one of the things that will happen is fairly large expansion of the Medicaid population, I think 15 million is the number. Have you guys done any analysis to try to predict what percent of your patients which you are currently privately insured might get moved to Medicaid?
Rich Whitney : We dont have a belief of that is will be a significant trend, what we expect the impact will likely be as it will see a shifting from Medicare covered patients to Medicaid covered patients. Unlike other provider segments, we dont have the uninsured issue because virtually all patients can qualify for Medicare. So I think that would be the primary, the other factor that plays into this is secondary coverage. A lot of patients are covered by Medicare in the primary position and dont have secondary coverage for the co-pay because they dont need to income test to qualify for the secondary coverage, to qualify for Medicare. So that also would be where we would expect to see the trends on Medicaid. Thats all independent from funding changes and Medicaid which are a whole different story.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andreas Dirnagl with Stephens.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens: Good evening, guys. A couple of quick this and thats here. Kent, I just always want to make sure that I'm hearing correctly what you are saying. Going back to your discussion in your prepared remarks on bundling, did you say that you, obviously, you are highlighting the risk that it might not happen, but at this point you are expecting the final rule to be better than the proposed rule?
Kent Thiry: Yes.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens: Looking at your outlook for 2011 you talked about two to four quarters of transitional activity. I'm wondering do you think that bundling is going to require any sort of increase in spending on your part or is that more sort of a way of saying that it might take two or three quarters, two or four quarters for you to institute some clinical and other operating changes to mitigate some of the impact at the bundles.
Kent Thiry :  Primarily the latter but I would not want to claim that former is zero. 
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens:  Sure. But primarily, the latter then. Just quickly on the department of justice announcement, having been through this a couple of times you guys have realized that there are no commentary really is necessary on what you think is going to happen but maybe just to clarify, you touched on. In terms of financial relationships that you do have with physicians, they are primarily medical directorships in terms of the salaries there and then in terms of joint ventures. Are there any other significant financial relationships that you have with physicians? 
Kent Thiry:  We have a small number of physicians who are employed full time or part time if thats a tiny number. We off course do acquisitions and joint ventures, acquisitions and divestures separate from joint ventures. So those are a couple of the other categories that I can think of but the categories you mentioned are the ones that are numerically most prominent. 
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens:  Okay, great. And then finally, Rich just a couple of questions. Again on the VA, what percentage of the revenue is VA?
Rich Whitney:  Around two?
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens:  Around two percent. Okay, great. And is there any, I'm just trying to figure out how those it works literally on a day-to-day dialysis basis. Are there any centers that you have concentrations of VA patients or are they spread geographically?
Rich Whitney :  They arent spread geographically but as Kent mentioned earlier, maybe they were in my remarks if the cut goes through undoubtedly, some centers will have enough VA patients but to make a difference relative to have a tough go and may have to close 
Kent Thiry:  Let me step in and a little closer to this one, the primary answer to your question is that they are quite spread. However it is definitely true when Rich had prophesized about it and asked for his answer that, there are a small number of centers for the high number of debts and it would be very difficult to keep them open.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens: And I just want to be clear talking about the small number of DaVita centers.
Kent Thiry:  Correct and so you assume reasonable proportionality in thinking about the impact overall.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens: Overall.
Rich Whitney:  Andreas just to be complete, the other thing that we would add to Kents answer about the financial relationships with the physicians that we do from time to time have leases with physicians where we think offices from them or in fact sometimes there maybe a leasing officers from us. And thats an area where we have a whole seven procedures to make sure that those leases are done at an arms length to fair market value basis.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens: And I guess its just fair asking the question while I got you I would assume that the answer is yes in terms of that you consider your medical directorship agreement to be arms length in the market?
Kent Thiry:  Fair market value is the mantra.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Chuck Ruff with Insight Investments
Chuck Ruff - Insight Investments: Regarding the VA can you give us any feel for the percentage cuts that they are proposing?
Rich Whitney: You know its really the VA, it pays us in different ways in different parts of the country, so I think that the best we could do for you right now is really point to the estimates that are out there which are in the neighborhood of 50 million, I think we dont want to cut it any finer than that and thats a reasonable characterization of the risk.
Chuck Ruff - Insight Investments: Okay. Well, let me think about at it this way then. If your revenues this year are about $6.6 billion and their 2%, that's $132 million. If we are talking about 50 out of 132, that's about a 38% cut?
Rich Whitney: As you have all the pieces, you can do the math and kind of get close I just dont want to close your number.
Chuck Ruff - Insight Investments: So I'm thinking about that right. Secondly, you talked about the uncertainty with bundling and obviously now there's the uncertainty here with the VA. Is that also part of why your, at least for now, a little hesitant on acquisitions and de novo, are you slowing those a little bit too until at least the bundling is clear?
Kent Thiry: Short answer is no, we are not hesitant on conventional acquisitions nowhere on de novos.
Chuck Ruff - Insight Investments: Why would you not be hesitant there at all, but obviously be hesitant on share repurchase?
Kent Thiry: Because when we are doing acquisitions we can allow for arrange of potential bundling outcomes and had a satisfactory price, we feel very comfortable that risk adjusted our shareholders equity getting good return and there are same ways de novos, those decisions tend to come in much smaller chunks than some other decisions. If we think about batching acquisitions together into a single $300 million acquisition then as opposed to sort of buying all, is the same as to buy stock all in one day or do you buy overtime does necessarily for both different thinking as we evaluate it and if you are doing 100 smaller transactions spread over a year.
Chuck Ruff - Insight Investments: So the share repurchase you would think of the same way, in other words, if the price was such that you felt like it was a good return under any reasonable scenario, you'd be willing to do it. It just hasn't been that recently because of the uncertainty?
Kent Thiry: I don't know if Ive used those exact words so I probably just repeat the words I said, the good news about buying back our own stock, if we don't do it today we know we can do it tomorrow. The tough thing about acquisition is if you don't buy today somebody else maybe will and you can't come back and say 60 days, see I change my mind. So it's pretty hard to compare those two decisions given as such a radical difference in the context and in which you are making them.
Richard Whitney: I think the other thing in this sort that they were done in my prepared remarks is that you got to stop talking about the context that there were a series of reasons why we were being conservative with our cash for the last 12 months and none of those really had anything to do with what the price of our stock was. They had to do with preserving financial flexibility and liquidity for potential opportunities and because of uncertainty in the market place, financial markets and otherwise. So I think that, sort of tempting as somebodys things to start to clear to forget that it hasnt been that long since the bunch of these uncertainties began to fall away and including literally in the last several weeks when a number of the mid sized balance, this organization did transactions that would lead us to believe that maybe the argument in near term transaction might be lower. So these things are evolving. We still have the bundling rule ahead of us and that would keep us from doing anything dramatic but I dont think you should read too much into what our views are on the stock price by the fact that we have build up this amount of cash because its really the other factors that you have mentioned. Hopefully that helps.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Kevin Ellich with RBC Capital Markets.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Just two quick follow-ups: one, the VA or a proposed VA cut, is that in your guidance order or not?
Rich Whitney: It is not.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: And then, two, I was wondering, Rich, if you could provide any more detailed coloring on the five items that you said would impact Q2 operating income, how much will the nationwide meeting add to, I assume that G&A, any of those details would be helpful?
Richard Whitney: Yeah I think the way I look at it is we give you a five of the primary reasons and each one of these reasons individually is only really a couple of million dollars. The collection of them that leads us to a different kind of sequential trend in operating income, this year that maybe you are used to. And again, still feel fine about the year; its really just how this develops quarter-by-quarter.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And there are no further questions at this time.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Okay. Thank you, operator and thanks to everyone else for your interest between now and the next time, we will do our best.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-12 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Rick Whitney  CFO Kent Thiry  Chairman and CEO LeAnne Zumwalt  VP, IR
Analysts: Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank Kevin Fischbeck  BofA Merrill Lynch Kevin Ellich  RBC Capital Markets Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc. Gary Lieberman  Wells Fargo Justin Lake  UBS Andrea Bici  Schroeder
Unidentified Participant: So first I want to start just our Safe Harbor statement and forward-looking statements. For those of you listening in on the phone call, this is available on our webcast and please refer to the webcast to read the statements. And now, I would like to introduce Rick Whitney, our Chief Financial Officer, who is going to start off the presentation.
Rick Whitney: Good morning. Okay. Roadmap for today. Well start with our comments on the fourth quarter performance, move on to an overview of DaVita, then well have a discussion of the risks and opportunities of investing with us, on to a deep dive in our business fundamentals, financial review and then well wrap up with a summary and taking your questions. Q4 results. First of all, non-acquired growth continued to be solid at 4.8%. It was a nice bounce back from a low of 3.8% back in Q3 of 2008. The other comment Ill make on treatments you may notice they are a little bit light sequentially this quarter and thats due to two things. No. 1, the way the calendar fell, more Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturdays in this quarter, which tend to be light treatment days for us as well as the holidays. Revenue, almost $1.6 billion, up 7%, on about 5% volume growth and 2% revenue per treatment growth. Revenue per treatment, as I said, up 2.1% from last year and then sequentially down $3.71, a little more than 1%. A couple of factors drove that. First of all, lower physician prescribed intensities of pharmaceuticals. That was about 60% of it. About 20% of that change were rate changes. Most notably a reduction in ASP rates, medical reimbursement of drugs. And then the final 20% was due to a continued deterioration in our private pay mix. Operating income, up 7% from last years Q4, up 8% for the full-year which was in line with our guidance and then sequentially down 3%. And that was driven by the revenue per treatment decline, the impact of the calendar on treatment volumes as well as a sequential increase in G&A spend, which is typical for us in the fourth quarter. And finally EPS, up 13% from last year. That was driven by the operating income growth, the impact of our balance sheet leverage, lower interest rates and lower share count. And then operating cash flow continued consistent cash generation. 2009 results, very similar set of numbers. Revenue up 8%, operating income up 8%, EPS up 15%. Underlying cost trends generally stable as were margins at 15.4% in both periods. Revenue per treatment, the full year over the full year was up 2%. Three components there. About a half of that was the Medicare composite rate increase as well as ASP rate increases year-over-year and then another 40% was due to commercial rate increases, partially offset by mix decline weve been talking about the last few quarters. And then finally about 10% of that is due to increases in physician prescribed pharmaceuticals year-over-year. And then operating cash flow, $667 million growing in line with our operating income growth and above our guidance of $600 million as we indicated last quarter that it likely would be. Okay. On to our 2010 outlook. Operating income guidance of $950 million to $1.20 billion remains unchanged from last quarter and that represents a range of 1% to 9% growth off of where we finished 2009. We are launching our cash flow guidance, operating cash flow and free cash flow. As you can see generally expected to grow in line with our operating income. Growth CapEx plus or minus 250 million. Of course as we always say, the final number is dependent upon the availability of projects with attractive returns. Maintenance CapEx plus or minus $125 million which is pretty consistent with history. And on to the DaVita overview. Kent? Come up I want to say one more thing and that is what we always say about Q1, we want to make sure you keep in mind Q1 is a seasonally weak quarter as a result of fewer treatment days, higher payroll taxes the beginning of the year and the impact of co-pays and deductibles. As is typically the case we would say that we would expect its quite possible that Q1 could be down a little bit sequentially. So please keep that in mind as you think about 2010.
Kent Thiry: Okay. Good morning. Good to see many of you again and its a new folks as well. Our objective today is the same as it is every year, which is to provide you with analytically thorough, intellectually honest characterization of our industry situation, our Company situation and hopefully in terms of meaningful dialogue about the risk reward relationship in those situations and also try to facilitate your ability to evaluate our coherence and competence in taking advantage of the rewards and avoiding the risks. So thats the spirit in which we come here today and hopefully you will help us pull that off. It is important for us to start with a mission particularly for those of you that are new, our mission is to be the provider partner and player and choice the way we think about it. And the way we think about is first is as if you were one of our patients. And it is our first priority to please you in that scenario, in that scenario which you are in one of our centers being taken care of first and then secondarily as shareholder. In addition, the employer choice is our third and final component of the mission that we take a lot of pride in being able to provide 34,000 people with a suite of benefits and hopefully a life sustaining income. And so these are important elements of what were about and what our people are focused on while simultaneously bringing amazing intensity to our fiduciary responsibilities. We also think over the long-term the fact that we are maniacally focused on providing superb care, ever improving care and compassionate care will rebound to our shareholders benefit, although in our system find that be a directly casual relationship in the short-term, but hopefully with the work we are doing in DC that will become increasingly so. In the meantime for the full disclosure its important for you to know that we always put the mission slide first, because that is in fact how we guide our decision-making. This is a patient, for those of you havent been in our center being taken care of. The simple slide describes is just its worth going over quickly for those that are new. When you have kidneys all of us are going to go to the bathroom today and urine out the toxins that you are accumulating with the coffee you are drinking and the cream cheese you are eating and your bagels and things like that. Once your kidney fails your body cant urinate out those toxins, so were the substitute for that urination. We take your blood out, we take the toxins out of blood and we put the blood back in. If we dont do that, you die. And this is I would say this is not a typical center. This is what a typical center would look like if there werent a lot of people working here all the time and we had it sitting around perfectly clean. And this is worth about 1500 of these and heres how an average one looks, to give you a sense of the decentralized nature of our service business. And then in aggregate, you can see that we have continued to gain share. We are now up to about three patients out of every ten patients in America as opposed to going back a decade ago and it was about, whatever, nine or so out of every 100. This is very, very good for our shareholders looking backwards and is very good for our shareholders looking forward and you know our equity market cap better than us. On to investment highlights. So, what we are trying to do here is to try to help you characterize for your partners who arent here the pros and cons associated looking at the upside and downside in our space. First, from an industry perspective independent of us, the Company, what are some of the things one might want to say to summarize to your partners some of the positives around this space? First, its wonderfully stable demand growth. Looking backwards, looking in 2010, looking in the out years. And we will elaborate on each of these briefly. The steady cash flow, its in the numbers historically and also for a whole bunch of structural reasons which we will elaborate on in the course of the conversation today, looks awfully steady going forward. The consolidation has been steady throughout the decade with some spurts of acceleration when people do things like our buying Gambrel and FMC buying RCG and it will continue. At the same time theres going to be small independents for a very long period of time and that, in fact, is an important structural safety net for our shareholders, which well touch on later. The Government is uniquely accountable for this space. There is no other program like the ESRD program. There is no other program as uniquely carved out as the ESRD program in America. And therefore the government has differential accountability for that reason. It also has differential accountability because we are so discrete. And so our microeconomics, our clinical decision making are uniquely homogenous and transparent, which has a lot of pros for us in our mind, more consumers are demonstrating our superior outcomes and business acumen and forces the government to take more accountability because they cant hide behind the myth of saying they dont really know whats going on and/or what impact their policies have. Therefore, its important in that context where the government is going to get differentially involved for the community to be differentially effective, and we are, obviously, in a highly imperfect and uncertain world we will talk a little bit more about that and the transparency Ive referred to. Lets step through each in turn. This slide hasnt changed much for ten years for the small number of you have been around. And that in itself is not a reflection of the fact that we are intellectually stale or just lazy. Its because this reality hasnt changed significantly in ten years, which is kind of the whole point. It is still the case that there is no clinical controversy of when your kidney has failed. Theres no clinical controversy around extra kidneys for transplants sitting around not being used. So theres no controversy around need unlike so many other (inaudible) where there is a controversy or uncertainty about whether or not it will be continued. For most patients, its three times a week for the rest of your life unless you are one of the fortunate few that gets transplanted and if anything, theres modest amount of upward pressure on this as there is more science that suggests that maybe getting a fourth treatment is a good idea. Its not cyclical, its not seasonal. You need this multiple times per week or you get very sick and die. Theres very strong center loyalty in every direction, us to the doc, us to the patients, the patient to the center, the patient to the doc, the doc to the center, doc to the patient, patient to the doc, whatever, very strong loyalty for a whole bunch of structural reasons and then just the human reasons of being so tightly engaged with one another in a life saving therapy. If you doubt this, visit some of our centers, in particular, and you will feel the kind of bond that exists. We, in particular, are proud of the bonds between our center team mates and the physicians and have had situations as each of you know whove been around where the physicians have left a practice elsewhere and 90% of the patients stay with us. Choosing to stay with the people who are with them every time they visit, three times a week. There are very little therapeutic alternatives on the horizon although certainly if one looks out a number of years one hopes to a change to that bullet point, but theres nothing dramatic going on there right now. And then basic demography turns. Kidney failure is wildly disproportionately significant in the Hispanic, African-American elderly communities. These are all growing communities in America. This is again incredibly boring demand growth slide, where you wonder if we smoothed it out but its pretty much as if you plotted the individual points because thats how regular the growth has been. It does tweak a little bit each year. Sometimes, inexplicably where you wonder if the governments got the data wrong. Thats not reflective in what we see. But this is pretty much the trend line. So moving on to steady cash flow. That second investment highlight. First of all, just driven by everything we just said about demand, the characteristics of demand. But additionally unlike so many healthcare facility segments, we are low fixed cost. If youve been to our centers, theyll be in a strip mall; theyll be next to an auto supply store. Its very low cost space. We dont have to be in a hospital campus and we dont need a dramatic set of leasehold improvements and high technology equipment, expensive high technology equipment, we have high technology equipment, but its a percentage of our cost structure is very, very tiny, compared to surgery centers, compared to hospitals, compared to most of the facilities that you are forced to invest in. So, very low fixed cost and most of our growth absent the periodic big acquisition like Gambrel is done through very small incremental capital investment expenditures. So if you put all that together it just means architecturally for reasons that are nothing to do with our strategy we have a very nice cost structure and growth structure when you think about generating steady cash flow. Onto this concept of unique government accountability which I submit to you is very important consideration as you compare this part of healthcare service to other parts. And Ive worked in most of them over time. It is significant that about 87% of the dialysis centers in America stand by themselves. And they essentially do one thing, which means that for what is very rare, what is a very rare reality the government actually knows what our costs are to a very significant degree. We argue over small movements in the cost structure in a way that they never could for what is one surgery cost in a surgery center for the other, what one patient causes in a sniff versus others, what does one patient cost in a long-term care hospital versus other. What does one patient cost in a hospital versus others thats all a mix, a jumble? Not in our case. 87% stand alone and they do one thing. And the government pays for 88%. About 82% Medicare, 6% Medicaid. And so, its a wildly different conversation and theres some pros and cons to this between us and them and between other segments and them. Importantly, we have about 1,000 independent centers X-years ago and theres about 1,000 independent centers today because of basic growth in the market and its very important to know that these independent centers, many of them are onesie, twosies, threesies, foursies and they cannot go out of business. You cannot have Congress or CMS pass laws or institute regulations, which drive 300 of these puppies out of business. Because the political flash back would be immediate and intense because these are real human beings going in three times a week. And so theres a governor on what can be done from a policy point of view with any prudence because the feedback loop is incredibly immediate, transparent, clear and harsh. And there have been closures. There is a steady stream, right now a small stream but a steady stream of closures. Were that to tip up at all, it would be immediately noticed. So you put all that together and the bad news is the government is not going to be a dumb thing and suddenly dramatically improve our reimbursement like they did with sub-acute reimbursement eight years ago. The good news is they are not going to do something sudden that drives a whole bunch of centers out of business without some sort of quick reversal. The system cant sustain it. Therefore, this can be a net positive over the long-term for our shareholders, if we have reasonable coherence and credibility in Washington, D.C, which is a market thats everybody, is efficient as the capital markets. We have one of the few legitimate community wide coalitions and we personally sweat bullets for a few years to help put this together and keep it going and its no secret that DaVitas were more involved in this stuff than anyone else as unfortunately sort of an industry utility and try to protect the aggregate communities economics and ability to take care of these patients. And our coalition has been unusually coherent in actually having and there arent any other segments of healthcare that could talk about this, the legitimate leading patients group, the legitimate leading nursing group, the legitimate leading physician groups, the for profit providers, the not for profit providers, all agreeing on primary legislation and signing their organizational names to that legislation and advocating for it with their members of Congress. It doesnt exist anywhere else in American healthcare. There are now other people trying to replicate it. That is a very good thing. Because divisions across those groups and segments tends to kill any kind of coherent defense or offense because it gives Congress and CMS a free out, to say, since I heard different things I had to make my own call. So, you see there is a caveat. Its as unusual coherent so far. Like all coalitions and they are inherently fragile. And so the fact that we pulled this off the last few years shouldnt make any of us complacent and overconfident in thinking that it will continue. But it has yielded not only coherence, but distinctive positions that are pleasing to the government for good reasons and they would be pleasing to you as tax payers which is very, very unusual among coalitions, we are in favor of transparency on clinical outcomes and public reporting thereof. We offered up proposals on legitimate substantive pay for performance, tying quality to what people were paid. This doesnt happen very often in healthcare. We really worked out the mechanics and propose them. Some of the good things that have happened for our patients and the shareholders last few years are a direct result of the fact that we played ball with the dominant ideas of the day and even though the dominant ideas didnt pass through, Congress, we got a lot of points for having played ball in a substantive way. And we, as long as DaVita is involved, will work hard to try to maintain a long-term perspective, which is always the issue of the year, equally or more important is making sure that you are working every year to incrementally enhance the credibility that the community has with the membership at large so that over the long-term no one wins every year in DC, not even the leaders in DC as weve seen recently. So that we are well positioned to have a higher batting average than the average segment. It would not be intellectually honest to not also give you the investment low lights hopefully in some reasonably cryptic, but accurate way to take back to your partners. We have significant reimbursement risk in the private and government side and we can talk more about that as day goes on. This is not exactly a new phenomenon and one can argue whether its more or less intense than the past, but it is there. We have had some mix deterioration over the last six quarters. It is striking that the resilience of the business model has been able to absorb that and generate the results that youve seen in 2009 versus 2008, but it is there with 10% unemployment and everything else going on in the economy, this is not a surprise. It was anticipated and talked about six quarters and eight quarters ago. But there it is staring us in the face mathematically. The treatment growth you can look at two different ways. 3.8% is pretty healthy and the stability of it is wonderful. On the other hand, you can say, gosh, theres other places where you get more than 3.8% growth that has to then be nudged by acquisitions or de novos. And then were always going to get investigated. Just it comes with being a prominent healthcare service company in America. When the government finds a new theory or scores and get some kind of settlement from one healthcare service provider they take that proven product, that intellectual property that theyve created and immediately see if they can efficiently apply it to other comparable companies. Thats how it works. And the easiest way for them to do that is to start with a subpoena. You dont start by learning a whole bunch about the company and then deciding whether or not to the subpoena. You start with the subpoena is the most ruthlessly efficient way to find out if theres anything there. We will talk a little bit later about our track record in this area. But those are the four low lights. Hopefully, a reasonable characterization and you will talk to us today if you think there are others or I didnt characterize them fairly. Moving on to DaVita. So within that, we think favorable industry context, how do we stack up? First, our clinical outcomes are wonderful. We are the best or among the best in every single category thats publicly reported and we are very, very good and unique in a whole bunch of areas that arent publicly reported. So that doesnt just feel good because its good for human beings. It also means that you dont have to live in fear that youre going to wake up some morning and find out that the stocks down 30% because someone found out that the company that you had invested in is delivering slack care, inappropriate care, undisciplined care. Our market share nationally 30%. This is a big deal. It is very difficult for a payer to contemplate doing business without us, not impossible, I suppose, but very difficult. Our operating track record, Rick will be going a little more of the numbers later, but weve been solid in that regard on a consistent basis. Ill talk about our unique compliance record because it is so important in terms of managing the risk side of the equation. And then our integrated care model which is where the world is going in fits and starts, but it is where the world is going. On a quality side I wont bore you with the details, but if any of you have any questions of any aspects of our clinical care these are just some of the publicly reported metrics. And the important thing on the clinical outcomes is we are very proud of where we stand now Im not going to step to these, but these are specific initiatives that continue to drive improvement. We think four years from now we are going to be providing much better care in a documentable sense than we are today just as we are today versus four years ago. And so our operating initiatives on improving clinical care are disciplined and intellectually rigorous as our initiatives are on improving productivity or information systems or de novo growth. And so the cumulative effect of all of these industry and DaVita specific trends is that we do have 30% as you know FMCs in the neighborhood of 33 and importantly, from a shareholder point of view other investor entities are an additional 13%. So you have a segment that is almost uniquely represented by investor-owned facilities here in kidney care. This is just a quick historical characterization of our performance versus guidance on an annual basis, the ranges that were provided prior to the year starting. And the results in the subsequent year so far each year we have done what we said we would do or better. This is the EPS slide. Its comparable to some of the stuff that Rick showed you and will be showing you. But this has been a period for a whole bunch of reasons tied to externalities and in some cases, perhaps because of risks that weve highlighted where we experienced significant multiple compression its important not to confuse that with whats going on with the fundamental business model through this period of time. You can see the flatness back in that period when we absorbed Gambrel, which if you recall, we purchased without featuring an additional share that would dilute share interests. It was all that in a very well constructed deal. And what weve done since that time year after year after year. On the compliance front, we now have a ten-year track record. We dont have any other scale healthcare service company that can put up a slide like this, certainly, none in our space, and there have been a number of large entities, not only two, but weve gotten our fair share of subpoenas. Theres no difference there. Theyve been very broad-based. Weve had our share of four-year long investigations, which is what a number of these have been. You can tell by the dates. So these are very extensive and then you see the results, closed, closed, closed, expired. We have the more recent batches, its almost like wine, theres the vintage and so we dont know anyone else who has gone through so many scrubbings and emerged paying zero and in one case, where money exchanged hands the government had to pay us $95 million, which they have withheld because they were so sure they were right, but the courts decided they were wrong, the administrative law judge, and we were right and they paid us, thats why the $95 million has a plus sign in front of it. Now, it would be really foolish for DaVita or you to get complacent or cocky about this because this is a very complex area. A lot of the rules is inherently ambiguous, theres no way to send a note to the government, saying, if we do it this way, is it fine. Dont get to do that. All you can do is choose of what you think is a sound policy knowing its going to be retroactively assessed in a very critical way. In some cases, playing it totally safe would be the same as unilaterally disarming and exiting the market. And so this is not to say we predict were going to go the next ten years not having to issue a check that that wouldnt be prudent rather than going through a couple year battle. Having said that, the data is the data and we bring incredible rigor and intellectual intensity to this task every single year and our Chief Compliance Officer is a person who used to prosecute companies like us with great energy I might add. And so we know how the process works and we work hard to be compliant in letter and spirit and prepared to defend that which weve done on your behalf. On the integrated care front, the logos on the bottom represents some of the different new product lines and service lines that weve instituted and a number of them are the leader in America and we are the innovator. They are really good for patients; they are really good for taxpayers. I will talk a little bit more about them later. But the point is that the improved quality of care in very demonstrable ways and hopefully overtime that will become a powerful equation for shareholders. It lowers total costs and a very important for us in terms of our public policy advocacy. It puts us on the right side of the fence in terms of segment thats not just trying to make money on the current model, but actually innovate in ways that are consistent with what everybody wants, higher quality, lower cost. So this would be the summary of the investment highlights. I wont recap the low lights because they are so painful to talk about but well put that slide back up later, if you want. Onto business fundamentals, first bundling, bundling the 4,000 pounds elephant in the room, much larger than a gorilla. The final rule is not out yet. You all know that. If it is a bad rule, centers will close and it will be quite the chaotic environment. Fortunately, they know that too so theyre probably not going to come out with a bad rule nor theyre going to come out with some dream rule that has everything we want. Where its going to be in between its really not a good use of time to speculate at this point. The interim rule, they knew, needed a lot of work; they got 1500 comments or something, of a stunning number of comments. There was a remarkable consensus among the community on what some of the key things that were wrong. And CMS was absolutely listening with great intensity. That doesnt mean they are going to buy off on everything the community said. Doesnt mean they are going to agree on everything but we give them huge points for the intensity with which they listened to the community to try to get it right. Big Kudos for them. In the short-term, if we opt in 100% that means a pretty dramatic transition, IT changes and other things. On the other hand we may decide to opt in over the four-year phase in which would mean a less dramatic transition period. But either way theres going to be a lot of moving parts for a while in the operating front. And that will be a lot of work. In the long-term, there is opportunity. Basically weve got $1.1 billion of stuff that used to be cost plus and now we have the flexibility to innovate within that. And biggest chunk of that, $800 million of that, theres a monopoly sole source where theres going to be competition soon. So you put those two things together and we are eager to try to outperform our competition in that regard because remember, the bar has to be set to keep dialysis centers open and then the art is to outperform underneath that bar and we think we are very well-positioned to do that as an independent person not owning any drugs so that we have the total, total secular attitude about one drug versus another driven entirely by whether or not its clinically equivalent and then economics as well as our scale. And so, we are very attractive to the vendors who will be competing in this new role where they cant sell their stuff cost plus any more and instead they have to compete on the quality of their drug. So we salivate at the prospects to outperform the rest of our space in this $1.1 billion of now liberated tax payer dollars And theres the market basket update with the pay for performance qualifier coming up. Market basket update for a couple of you in the room who are veterans like myself, weve been pursuing the market basket update for nine years and so it was quite a surprise in Washington, D.C. when we got it and in the context of what was going on legislatively that year and is a tremendous, tremendous incremental bit of security for our patients and our shareholders. Four areas of concern, we talked about these on prior earnings calls and a lot of you have talked to Jim Gustafson and me and all about this one on one so I am not going to go through them, but if you have any questions about any of them we can come back to them. These have been fairly well vetted. And in each case we got to wait and see what they actually come out with. This just summarizes what I already said that theres a $1.1 billion. And the bad news is that the price of admission to innovating under this $1.1 billion is a 2% reimbursement cut, which is a huge cut, if they get parts of the rule wrong its a bigger cut than that. So thats serious bad news. The good news is we have a new sand box to play in and we look forward to that. On to our normal dialysis trilogy which is to say in the end we do dialysis treatments. Thats the dominant part of our economics. From your point of view we do about 16 million, 17 million of those a year, and so revenue per treatment minus expense for treatment times number of treatments is sort of the wholly trilogy of dialysis economics for you and for us. And so lets step through it this year as we have each year. Starting with number of treatments, which, of course, is a function of non-acquired growth plus that which we buy. First, with non-acquired growth, this is a non-acquired growth normalized number since there are different numbers, Monday, Wednesday, Fridays in different quarters, we normalized for that, and this is the data. We are very happy with how the year trended. And for those who might be skeptical of normalizing that there must be something hidden, some kind of subterfuge going on normalization and you want the raw data, this is the raw data but you will see that the normalizing actually gives you a better business answer than the raw data. De novos, theres a lot of different elements to de novos and weve done more of these than anybody else by far in the community over the last five years, over the last ten years, over any period of time. Of course, first and foremost generating solid returns on capital. Weve done about 431 of these in the last X years. I cant remember what X is. Five of them have closed. These add capacity for growth and capital efficient growth of that so thats good. Importantly though, also in different areas strengthens the geographic network, which is very important to our physicians and are very important to our conversations with private payors. In addition, it helps our affiliated physician practices grow, which is a very, very healthy thing for them. And sometimes it's part of an offensive competitive strategy so we could have situations where we have two centers and we would very much prefer not to open a third center in between those two. If we could pick, the scenario where we did nothing, that is normally we would pick. But a worse scenario is if our competitor puts one in the middle and generates a satisfactory return on capital by doing that, it is better for us to preemptively put that third center in thereby reducing your return on capital on a percentage basis, but improving the long-term returns on capital in our aggregate profit per dollar of capital by retaining those patients. And so those are situations where well have a spurt of additional de novos beyond which we might have otherwise and its very much in your best interest, but we would have preferred to have done nothing. So that gets to this point about offensive competitive strategy. And is it the typical economics? Of course, theres a distribution around this when you do 431 of anything in the competitive market. But the fat part of the curve of reality is represented by these numbers, couple million bucks, which is more than five years ago and the returns comparables to five years ago and the break even is about comparable to five years ago. Importantly for those of you who are new a bunch of this capital isnt irrevocable because if a center fails, although that hasnt happened very often, we get to take the machines out and use them elsewhere and the lease goes away and the working capital, of course, is worked down until we get that back as well. Here is the number of de novos, the number in '09 as you already know went down versus '08. Couple of reasons for that. The primary one being just a delay in certifications where the government got behind in certifying new facilities. We talked about that on earnings calls through the course of the year. And second in a way 2008 was a bit of a spurt, in part, trying to do a lot of the preemptive work that I talked about in order to avoid losing share to competitors who would earn a competitive return on their actions. In 2010, we will probably do a comparable number of de novos that weve done in '09, something like that, the '08, '09 range. On to the acquisition part of growth, we will continue, hopefully, to do a nice portfolio of small acquisitions to the course of the year in 2010, just like we did in '09 and '08 and '07. Maybe therell be a bump up of people concerned about bundling. Maybe not. If its a bad rule it could be a heck of a bump. The silver lining in a bad rule is we get to by a lot more stuff at attractive prices. But you cant predict that. I dont know. The only other point to make on the acquisition front is, we, as we said a year ago we would like to buy another medium-sized company. We could not agree on terms with any of them. We are elated that we didnt accept any of the sales prices that were offered to us 15 months ago and 12 months ago with where valuations have moved. So, much better to have the cash than to have bought at those prices and hopefully in 2010 we will get to buy one at a price that you will be happy with. So summary on treatment growth, the non-acquired parts, 3.5% to 5% is probably the right way to think about that as we look at 2010 and then that percent or so that weve historically picked up in terms of doing lots of small deals resulting in that 4.5% to 6% range in total. Moving on to the second part of the trilogy, revenue per treatment and starting on the private side of revenue per treatment where theres rate and mix. This slide hasnt changed much in years either other than perhaps the subsidy by the private sector to the government sector is even larger. Its a little bit difficult to quantify exactly. But it is ironic when people talk about private insurance goes up more than Medicare and it shows private insurance cant manage things. It is unambiguously powerfully, inconvertibly true, in our space, private rates goes up in large part because the subsidy for the government side requires it. It is just black and white, fundamentally, significantly, materially, disgustingly true. And it is not the way we would design a system, but it is the system were in and thats the way its worked for a long time and its the same for all dialysis providers. Theres no dialysis provider running around, breaking even, making money on Medicare and therefore doesnt care about their private rates. Lots of stuff go on in payer dynamics, of course, and Im sure will you ask questions about some of the specific aspects of that. But when you net it all out, payors are larger, more sophisticated and have more coherent data and a more unified in terms of acquisitions they made X years ago. They are. At the same time so are we. So both football teams are better, both football teams bring all the right equipment to the game. And so anybody predicting victory, I think, you want to downgrade your assessment and their judgment. Anyone pessimistically forecasting defeat, I would say, the same. This is a worthy battle in the capitalistic sense with us and them on rates and terms. What has not changed are a whole bunch of important things which give us a fighting chance to get rates sufficient to subsidize the Medicare deficit. That we are getting better and better at explaining and proving and them caring about the fact that differential quality leads to fewer hospitalizations, leads to significant savings and since dialysis is only about 30% of the total cost of a dialysis patient per year and the hospital costs are greater than dialysis costs that its penny wise and pound foolish to save on dialysis and give it up and more by having someone be in the hospital more often. Second, its very delicate to start telling people where to go when they might die and when theyve got to go some place three times a week. So this is not the most fun patient to start telling them what doctor they should go to or what center they should go to. Many referrals are network independent. The classic single payors is you say, okay, if youre not give me a good rate youre going to be out of network and you lose whole lot of business, because patients are going to go where they are in network. When you told your kidney has failed and you might die you go to blow through all sorts of co-pay and deductible limits anyway and you care most about living the most robust life you can, first living period, second, the most robust life. And so many of our folks choose a dialysis center independent of whether that is in network or not unlike what they might do for a less significant procedure. I talked about the bonds earlier. In addition, a payer has to have a certain kind of network adequacy, they have to offer a reasonable number of dialysis centers and most payers have relatively few patients per market. So, we go into these discussions with the payer, with a few substantive arrows in our quiver and they have a formidable array of those arose as well. And then we fall back, on the reassuring fact that about three out of every four dialysis centers in America are owned by people who recognize that unfortunately the private sector has to subsidize the government deficit. Final question that people have asked sometimes in the past, gee, should you be concerned that someone will try to do a bold move of reducing price in exchange for volume. Theres a whole bunch of reasons why in this particular space that tends not to be a very viable strategy. First, very low fixed cost and high variable cost, so its not a volume play. You run a surgery center, you run a hospital, getting another bypass in, you can do a heck of a discount, because a huge part of your cost structure is fixed, you are not going to redo that OR suite for ten years. So from a cash flow point of view, incremental volume, its like getting another person on the plane. We are the opposite of that. We are almost pure variable cost. So its not a volume play. Significant stickiness as well so its not easy to switch patients around, its not easy to tell new patients where to go. And then of course, they only have to pay for these patients for 30 months as they go through a lot of hassle for a relatively short period before you are going to hand them off to Medicare anyway. Moving on to the mix part of private, what are the negatives when you think about whats going on with mix? The big thing is unemployment. And people losing insurance and not being able to afford insurance. So we are now in the worst period of time, the last 12 months with regard to this issue, than any time in the last decade. In addition, in environments like this payors tends to change their product mix and consumers change their selecting and get somewhat more skewed to HMOs versus PPOs although that hasnt happened nearly as much as some might have thought over the last 12 months. And then third, good news, good news for our patients but it does change the percentage of our patients that are private pay is were getting better and better at keeping people alive longer and longer. By definition those are all Medicare people because they are past their 30 months. And so for very nice reasons tied to our reducing mortality thats another mix, the percent of patients that are private will continue to go down as we improve our mortality overall. On the positive side, separate from the obvious positive of the recession flattening out and any recovery beginning or the government, saying, gosh, the public option is dead, we want more people to have insurance and were going to somehow provide subsidy for people to buy private insurance which would be a good. Separate from that we have the fact that our patients are the only ones in America who dont have the right to keep private insurance, if they want it. Its better for them and their family. They are the only people in America that dont get to keep private insurance. A bunch of people in Congress dont think thats very rational. We havent been able to get that passed legislatively. It is good policy for the patient. It is good policy for society. We hope in the years to come we get this changed. And, of course, in Washington DC, the world has changed dramatically in the last month and the need for pay for is, which this is, a CVO documented pay for is much higher going forward than it was in the last year when they were printing money with reckless abandon. So if you want to wrap up the all important private revenue side with your partners wed probably say three things that one, six quarters mix deterioration. Then you say kind of striking that they were able to navigate through that as they have, but big fact. Second, on the payer side, its their fight. Awkward to predict one way or another how that nets out, probably the best indicator is whats happened historically, but cant really drive too much comfort from that.  And then third, where there is this powerful thing out there, the notion, the growing notion that our patients should have equal rights with respect to being able to stay on private insurance and/or the government deciding they want more people to have insurance, private insurance and subsidizing that in some way. On to the government side of revenue per treatment, heres just a factual update for those who havent looked at us for a bit. It is a very important one. Separate from the Medicare fee for service monster, the big mass of our patients, we have Medicare advantage. We have the VA, we have Medicaid. They are small parts individually, but in aggregate, they are significant, they are 50%, its $900 million plus or minus in revenue. And each of these areas has serious rate pressure stuff going on. So, as you think about the next year, two years, three years, we think if you got to incorporate into your thinking a scenario where 5% of this revenue goes away, that may not happen. May happen. And so you got to incorporate that math. Attaching a probability to it, very, very difficult. In each of these three areas, a lot of stuff going on. But there is more rate pressure in these three areas today than in any time in the last eight years. That is just factually true. And we want to present that to you and so you can probably most quickly assess it in an objective way and incorporate that into your model over the next couple of years. On to expense for treatment and this story historically has always been kind of the boring part of the story, that all changes in a year or so with the bundle. But here is the actual metrics.'07 to '09. And you can see what happened with labor, where we typically have rates go up a few percent a year and we offset part of that, a percent of that with productivity improvements and thats an ongoing, ongoing initiative for us. You can see whats going on with pharma, this is holding utilization constant, so this is purely what we pay. And then other operating expenses is the outlier. We rarely had something going up like that over a couple year period; its primarily driven by increases in physician fees and rent. And the skew on this was tied primarily to the delay in certification of new centers. So, we are incurring the expenses of the rent and the physician fees and we are not getting the benefit of the treatments because we werent authorized to bring the patients in. That doesnt explain 100% of it, but its the dominant consideration. We would expect that to moderate going forward. And then you see that weve been successful in leveraging G&A. However, with respect to leveraging G&A, we failed in 2009 versus 2008. Now on to strategic initiatives, why do we do these first of all? Three reasons. One is the offensive reason that in some of these service lines we think we can make a very nice return on your invested capital or they help us attract a lot more physicians to do work with us and well get a very nice return on the dialysis center business thats affiliated with those physicians. The second is our mission that we do want to transform kidney care in America and it will not happen unless we invest in this kind of innovation in the same way that great device companies do. And then third is defensive. It is wonderful that we can put on the table this kind of value-added. And, in fact, this year we literally circulated in some quarters a white paper that showed that we made in 2008 $300 X million of after-tax profit. We paid $160 million in taxes. In addition, we saved the system about $350 million through reduced hospitalizations and reduced surgical procedures and/or lower rates on surgical procedures through our vascular access centers, through our specialty pharma, through improved clinical outcomes, through our integrated care. So we were able to circulate an analytically legitimate document going line item by line item and you can, of course, disagree as to specific assumptions but the directional truth is very clear for those who want to be intellectually objective about it, which, is only, of course, is a subset of the people in Washington, D.C. And that is that we are a net profit center for society, because the benefits of our taxes and our innovation savings for the system exceed the profits that we take out. And we also take the profits that benefit for society as well. But even if you assume that the cost to society, we are a profit center for the American people and the government, in part, because of these innovations. Thats a very important marketing point. Legitimate, incredible marketing point that protects your shareholder investment in Washington, D.C. And its one that most companies either cant say or dont bother to invest to save. We would submit that fundamentally alters the risk reward profile of our company and derivatively unfortunately without us being paid for it our entire community. Its tiny, by the way. But 0.3% of 1% of revenue and it will be comparable in 2010 as we have some young parts of the portfolio and some old parts. Heres some of the primary components of that. Vascular access centers, our life line business, were the absolute leader in America in doing this. Its been profitable four out of the last five years, just one year there was some significant reimbursement changes and then we got that set right. Its a relatively mature business. Were the leader and its been profitable for the last five years. Our specialty pharmacy is, once again, the unambiguous leader. Its a very good space to be in, especially pharma for patients that take six drugs to eight drugs, $6,000 per year to $7,000 per year, per patient. In the bundle if that happens, all the more important to have this capability in-house. And we moved as we told you we would into the black slightly, slightly, slightly in 2009. So you could call break even. And technically it was in the black, but it hit that on schedule as we told you. And then an area of significant investment still is our integrated care model. The ability to take that $90,000 a year and managing it down to $70,000 and so doing liberating amazing amounts of tax payer money, while at the same time improving quality and that we are still investing in with great enthusiasm. And on that one we came close in 2009 to actually having inserted into the healthcare reform bill, a very substantial pilot, a couple billion dollars pilot of globally integrated care of the same type that weve been doing smaller demos as well as (inaudible) has, proving that we cant move that 90 down in a highly transparent way while improving the quality of care. This is just a vascular procedure. This is a center, doesnt look any different. But the value proposition is very powerful. Its higher quality, but lower cost. Patients love it because its more convenient. The doctors have integrated data which they never get when stuff goes into the hospital and it does lower overall cost because our complication rate is a fraction of what the normal complication rates are. On the pharma front, eight to ten oral meds per patient. Thats the norm. Some of you probably have patients who have cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, hypertension; most of our patients have a couple of those as well as their kidney condition, so this is the average. And so the value of integrated data and the value of integrated coaching of a patient is stunning. Its really a beautiful thing and we got more and more data that shows that the improved adherence reduces hospitalization rates. So our data is very important to the pharma companies and the savings are very important to the system. So the value proposition is very powerful in DaVita Rx. You can see the growth in prescriptions in DaVita Rx. We crossed the million mark this year in total and did about $160 million in revenue, which is a high fixed cost business, low margin business, so that kind of volume was important and necessary to get us to punch our nose into the black finally. Moving onto integrated care, for those of you who are veterans youve seen comparable things like this before. The way to really go to the next level in terms of shareholder value or one of the ways to do that is to crack the code with respect to delaying the onset of dialysis, reducing the incidence of inefficient crashes into dialysis, which are very expensive and lead to a lot of clinical and economic waste or reducing hospitalizations, which on average about 14 days per patient, per year once youre on dialysis. So this is one of the ways to take shareholder value to the whole next level. Im just repeating what many of you already know, you could say hospitalization is a huge chunk of expense many of which are avoidable and this is not theoretical weve proven that we can do it in specific real world scenarios. And just a quick update on some of our demos. We have a globally capitated demo, where we reduce nondialysis cost by 10%, we got a whole bunch initiatives and we know were going to make that a better number in 2010 than it was in 2009. We got another demo were focused on delaying onset of dialysis and you can see that literally with a control group, all this data similarly scrubbed by CMS, we are reducing the percentage of patients who gone out by a certain time by 19%. The math of that is huge. The familial and societal benefit is huge and restructured this expensively, but powerfully in a way where statistically significant, where theres a control group plus by Medicare. So this is a kind of thing where you could construct a new focus DRG that everybody who has certain clinical characteristics, black and white define, specifically defined according to lab values could go into a pocket with reimbursement focused on delaying the onset versus the norm. Its not going to happen this year. But we are four years into this. We expect that 2010 data to be even better than this. Well see. So these very powerful stories from a marketing point of view have significant net present value potential not in 2010, not in 2011, probably. So, overall its an evolving portfolio. Were always going to do some of this R&D for the offensive mission and defensive reasons I cited. In the meantime they give us a lot of differentiation with physicians and payors and they create a societal benefit that exceeds their after-tax profits, which we think is very, very important insurance for you as well as very, very fulfilling for us. Rick, are you doing this?
Rick Whitney: Okay. Into the financial review. Going on a couple hours here so I will try to zoom through this and get to the Q&A. Okay, starting with revenue. About $6.1 billion this year, three year CAGR, about 8% which is consistent with the performance in the current year 2009. If you look at revenue per treatment weve been on a pretty steady CAGR of about 1% for the last year. If you wound that back a few more years, very similar story. And as I mentioned before, 2009 did a little bit better than that 1% trend line the reasons that we mentioned. Patient care costs, similar. About a 1% CAGR over that time period. Again, wind it back, doesnt change that CAGR, does not change that CAGR story very much. And then like revenue, we had a little bit higher cost trend in 2009 versus 2008. Operating income, margins pretty stable given that the cost from the revenue, CAGRs are pretty comparable and you can see that were right around 15.4% operating income margin. Earnings per share growth  youve seen this slide already a couple of times I think. Five-year CAGR, 14%. Thats consistent with the 15% in 2009. Of course, were benefiting in the last year or two from a low interest rate environment. Okay. Strong cash flows. Consistent, growing. And the other point I would make is that in each one of these years our free cash flow is more than 100% of our net income. So from a quality of earnings standpoint we turn our earnings into cash. Okay. Okay. Move over to our balance sheet. We have on a net debt basis, net of cash about $3.1 billion of debt. Thats a leverage ratio of about 2.6 times debt-to-EBITDA you can see the components of that debt on the slide. And we exited the year at a blended, all in blended rate of 4.7%. Okay. This is how our leverage has proceeded overtime. Of course, we leverage balance sheet to buy Gambrel and thats the time we would delever back down to our target range and, in fact, we have and right now sits a little bit below our target range of 3, 3.5 times debt-to-EBITDA. Okay. When does that all that debt mature? About $150 million over the next two years, which will obviously pay out of cash flow and then our senior (inaudible). I bet no one in this room has a blackberry. Okay. So in 2012 or senior credit facilities mature and so you should anticipate that sometime in 2011 we will be looking to refinance that debt. That debt is priced at LIBOR plus 150 so it costs us about 1.7% right now on the variable portion. So, wed like to hold on to that as long as we can or as long as is prudent. But, however, were continually monitoring the capital markets looking for opportunities to refinance that debt earlier. Okay. About $390 million of our credit facilities are hedged. Rates are fixed pursuant to swaps. This is how those swaps roll off. They all roll off in 2010. They have an average all in interest rate right now of 5.8%. And so, you would expect we have a little bit of an interest rate benefit as those role off, which is good because we would anticipate that LIBOR rates are going to go up. And so hopefully this will pride at least a partial offset and a rising interest rate environment. Okay. What about your exposure to rising interest rates? Whats your fixed floating rate? Your total amount of debt? $3.6 billion of total debt not counting the cash and you can see right now were just about 60% fixed. And then on the right hand side what you see is pro forma for the roll off of the swaps, just the roll off of the swaps. It doesnt count any deleveraging throughout the course of the year and doesnt count any principal repayments of which we will make some during the course of 2010. Just for the swaps, that would bring us down to about 50-50. Final point, if you count the cash, look at this on a net debt basis, which is how we look at it because the cash is a natural hedge since the rates we earn on cash are directly moved with LIBOR rates. If you look at the cash as well, pro forma for the swaps falling off, we would still have about 60% of our debt fixed. I think the number is 58, 59. So, we dont typically like to take a position on interest rates until we have a pretty balanced fixed floating ratio. Okay. So you notice we have a little bit of cash on our balance sheet and so the question is, why do we continue to hold on to some cash? I think the way to answer that question is to step back and say, what is the context of the last 18 months during which weve had a reasonable amount of cash on our balance sheet. And the reality is that that last 18 months has been pretty unprecedented in terms of its uncertainty and turmoil, three primary areas, the credit markets with unprecedented seizing up of the credit markets that youre all very familiar with. Of course, were weighting on a bundling rule and now we have a preliminary bundling rule. Dont yet, of course, have the final bundling rule and then healthcare reform you all are familiar as weve been tracking the progress with healthcare reform. So, if you look back over this 18 month period, some are these are coming into a little bit sharper focus now although theres still uncertainty on at least the last two. But, if you look back at these last 18 months, think about that, probably not too surprising that weve been a little bit conservative with our cash. Now, in spite of that we have used some of our free cash flow to return capital to shareholders and you can see almost $400 million over the last two years. Okay. Thats a look at our performance or how has the stock done over that time period. And on a relative basis, the answer is pretty well. This is a comparison, the top line is DaVita from 2003 and you have that indexed against two relevant index indices, the S&P 500 and the S&P healthcare index. And you can see what our performance has been relative to those indices, including, in the last couple of years, during this turmoil, you can see that gap has widened a little bit so we even in the more recent years have outperformed those indices. Hopefully, we can continue to do so. Okay. What about going forward? What is the future look like? Well, as we did last year, we would like to share with you what we think is a very reasonable scenario for EPS growth over the next few years. We start at the top-line with revenue growth. Normal level of same-store non-acquired growth, 4%, 4.5%. Add on top of that the normal level of acquisitions we do in a typical year and then add on top of that a little bit of revenue per treatment growth, very consistent with the long-term trend that weve shared with you. And you get 5% to 6% top-line growth. Okay, from there, we get a little bit of fixed cost leverage. As Kent mentioned, our business is dominantly variable cost, but we do get a little bit of fixed cost leverage and that yields operating income growth of 5% to 7%. The financial leverage on our balance sheet translates into a little bit higher net income growth, 7% to 9%. And then we generate a lot of free cash flow depending upon how we use that free cash flow to pursue additional acquisitions beyond the normal or to buy back stock, that adds a little bit more leverage to the bottom-line and you see EPS growth range of 9% to 11%. We think thats a reasonable scenario. Now, this is pretty much the same slide we showed you last year, but you might say, well, youre going into bundling now in 2011, how does that change the basic financial model of your business. And we think the short story is it probably doesnt. So weve bundling coming in 2011. Depending upon the final rule 2011 could be a little bit choppy. So Medicare revenue is going to come down. We know that. But so are costs. And I say it could be a little bit choppy is because the timing of those two things may not match up perfectly. But, as we look beyond 2011, as we think about the opportunities and the risks related to bundling we think that this scenario is still a very reasonable growth scenario. This may be my last slide. Let me check. It is. I guess Id make one or two more points on this slide. And that is as you think about bundling its our belief that the scale providers and this is a little bit repetitive of what Kent said, the scale providers are likely to do better than most, under a bundling rule. And market consolidation is likely to accelerate. I think the net of those things means in our view that the basic financial model of the business should be intact and this should still be a very reasonable multi-year scenario. Okay. That is the last slide for me. Kent, you want to wrap up?
Kent Thiry: Okay. So, summary for your partners, the reasons not to invest, gosh, rates could come under more pressure. Theres no way to dismiss that risk. And we already know theres a rate cut coming up next year on the Medicare side and if the economy gets worse or sustainably this bad what might that do to people planning up for private insurance. Good news is clinical outcome is strong and getting better and thats increasingly relevant from a shareholder point of view. The demand and cash flow looks awfully steady. So, boy, what a floor that puts under the downside scenarios. Hard to have a much better market position, although we have every intent to making it better over the next few years, and ironically, if there is some bad news, the fact that were a buyer with cash is over the longer-term, medium-term and longer-term a big positive. And then the markets increasingly thoughtful about the value of integrated care. Our data for establishing the value of it is cumulatively getting a lot better. And so, we are not only well-positioned for the current system, but were very, very well-positioned to both facilitate, accelerate and take advantage of the new system. And final slide, bundling is this big thing, but as Rick indicated, bundling is a one-time discontinuity, that has some bad news in it, and then has this stunning opportunity to innovate $1.1 billion of costs which $750 million is currently sole source with $600 million of gross margin and its not going to be sole source. So, gosh, thats a nice offset to the fact that the rate cut hurts. And the good news is the rate cut applies to everybody in the space so in some ways might, might intensify our competitive advantage. So thats the Ying and Yang of bundling. But its a discontinuity, very, very significant one and hard to exactly calibrate, but then your back to the fundamental business reality which starts with the industry structure, where you got a 1,000 small units where you cant have a lot of them close. Its not acceptable. Theres no capacity for it. And it will be totally transparent if it starts to happen within the feedback loop. And so, in that environment our continued ability to outperform other folks in whatever the new environment is suggests that perhaps EPS scenario that Rick described could sustain itself where theres going to be centers open, were going to be better than some of those other centers, it does mean units will grow, it does mean there will be operating income, it does mean that we can leverage our operating income on the fixed cost line and it does mean we can leverage the cash flow through stock buybacks or whatever to get to the EPS line. And so if you look at the last decade with lots of stuff going on, good and bad in individual years, our performance good and bad, whats happened in Washington, D.C., good and bad, whats happened in private insurance, the resilience of the business model is striking. It is not clear why that should change going forward once the discontinuity resolves itself. And I guess weve talked about that enough. So thats our summary. And now it is time for as many questions as you all want to ask or advice you want to provide. Its good to introduce yourself, please before you go ahead.
Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank: Its Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank. Thanks. I just wanted to ask a few questions about your volume growth which has been quite strong and if you compare your numbers versus your large peer, youve been outperforming, thats been fairly consistent, but it seems like youre in fact taking share. And I remember years ago you presented medical director turnover as a headwind. Maybe if you could just help us think about some of the things that you think are driving that out-performance and the market share gains that youre having and maybe if you could just help us assess the risk of some of the joint venture strategies that were starting to see with some of the smaller players and how that may play into the competition on the volume growth side?
Kent Thiry: Could you first elaborate on the risks youre starting to see in the joint venture strategies with some of the smaller players?
Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank: Sure, I think the risks that Im asking about is do you see an increased activity of joint venture strategies with smaller players and do you think that is a legitimate risk factor to your ability to grow market share?
Kent Thiry: Okay. Let me take a cut at this and then Rick will correct my mistakes. On the small players doing joint ventures, the fact that there are a few small players and that they are aggressively out there is a competitive reality and it does mean were going to lose some deals to them, particularly, sometimes when you have a very strong position in the market that can make someone else more attractive to a small group, because theyre worried about being a second-class citizen, with some affiliated with the big group. So thats a reality. Weve done very nicely against them. Weve done more joint ventures than anybody else by far and so theres nobody that has our track record in duration nor in depth, no small player, no big player in joint ventures. That also probably saw that spurt of 86 de novos in 2008, because the part of it was that preemptive element that I talked about. Getting out there and reducing your return on capital, your shareholder return on capital versus what would have existed in a perfect world, but improving it versus if we hadnt been preemptive and gotten out there and done a bunch. And so, we feel very comfortable that with our heightened level of intensity as is reflected in the math for the last 18 months that were going to do very nicely versus the small players, who will still get some victories. And then as to the broader non-acquired growth question, we are thinking we still can hit in that 3.5% to 5% range. But, we are monitoring very closely that which you should also monitor closely which is, my gosh, if FMC is going to do more de novos and the small guys are doing de novos and were going to do de novos at some time there are too many de novos and what does that do to weighted average returns. So I think that is an issue and all we can do is continue to track the data quarter-by-quarter. As you can see we, in fact, turn it up this year when on as opposed to holding constant. So we got back to gaining more share again. And, in general, our weighted average returns are holding up. We told you all a couple of years ago that we had too high a return on our de novos, which is to say, we were being overly selective and that was going to put at risk market share gains that were at acceptable returns on capital. Hence the spurt that you saw that will also mean we will have more centers that fail than we ever had before. So, that will be a good thing, because, again, before our batting average was too high and that meant we were leaving acceptable opportunities to others. So put all that together, we dont see any dramatic discontinuity out there. Were still generating these numbers and we can just track it together quarter-by-quarter to see if anybody is getting a leg up against us.
Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank: And I will ask just a question on the cost side and turn this over. You mentioned in your comments, Kent that you failed to leverage G&A in 2009. So Im just wondering if you can help us think about the ability to leverage G&A going forward, what types of things do you think led to that failure as you said in 2009 and how should we think about better cost management on the G&A side going forward?
Kent Thiry: Yes. Two things led to the failure and they are both relevant to why we dont know exactly whats going to happen in 2010 at this point. Were not going to put a stake in the ground. One was inadequate management by us. The second was conscious decisions around making some investments which we think are very much in your best interest in terms of protecting our revenue per treatment and our unit growth. And then the changes in the IT system and some of the things around integrated care. So, those are the two things that caused it in '09. Hopefully, we will address the inadequate management side of it that I own. But on the other hand we are playing with a bunch of things that we think are quite powerful once again in the IT sector, in particular, and then some stuff in integrated care. And so, right now we cannot commit that were going to leverage it more in 2010.
Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank: Do you think the 
Kent Thiry: Because you said one more.
Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank: Well, this relates to the G&A question.
Kent Thiry: (inaudible) quarter numbers, I can change mine.
Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank: The headquarter move to Denver, does that do anything at all for corporate G&A over the long-term, do you think there will be some ability to consolidate the costs there?
Kent Thiry: Yes, in general, it wont be material for a long time. In the short-term there will be a miniscule incremental G&A cost over the intermediate term there will be some savings. But its not going to be material. Economically, on a microeconomic basis itll be very powerful for shareholders in terms of improved decision-making. As weve gotten bigger we never really had a corporate headquarters in the sense of having most of our executives in one place and as we became bigger and more complex it was no longer the right, the distribution of executives across America, which worked very well for us, for the first decade, is not right for the second decade. So, the move to Denver will be the one of the best decisions for shareholders for the second decade, but its not going to lead to a material savings.
Rick Whitney: Darren, back to your joint venture question, just to give you some specifics for context, about 16% of our business right now is joint ventures, and if you look at the pace of which were adding about a third of the center that we have are joint ventures. And so as Kent pointed out we do like some of the other players we do a fair number of joint ventures.
Kevin Fischbeck  BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. Kevin Fischbeck from BofA Merrill Lynch. And just first to Darrens defense, you did say we could ask as many questions as we want, which is kind of dangerous to say to, so. I guess, Rick, when you mentioned that sequentially the rate was down and you mentioned 20% of that was due to commercial rate pressure, was that actual rate pressure or were you talking about mix shift. I just want to get clarity on that given that you are talking before about it .
Rick Whitney: Its worth repeating three pieces. The biggest was declines in physician prescribed pharmaceutical intensities and that was 60% of the sequential change. Second part represents 20% of that change were rate changes and the biggest one there was change in ASP pricing on Medicare drugs. Okay? And then the last 20% is the commercial mix, not rate mix. Thats the phenomenon that Kent was talking about, which is about, I dont know if we mentioned the breakdown, but is about 50-50 due to retaining patients longer on the one hand and on the other hand the actual impact of the economy and the declines in insured lives that Im sure you all are tracking with your other HMO managed care investments.
Kevin Fischbeck  BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then you talked a little bit about the transition of the bundling cut and whether to go full in or go in overtime and one of the considerations was IT spending as potentially a headwind. I just wanted to understand how real of a headwind that is given that it sounds like an IT spend you are going to have to make anyway at some point over the next four years and the cash flow certainly doesnt seem to be a headwind. Maybe give a sense of what kind of a cost that might be and how much of a headwind do you think that might be?
Kent Thiry: A lot of IT work required for the bundle because you have to change the way you submit every Medicare claim. And we dont know exactly all the ways in which we have to change it until they come out with a final rule. So as much as it were a one DRG entity theres a lot of line items in that DRG.
Rick Whitney: And were going to have to do it on an accelerated basis because of the timing of the rule.
Kent Thiry: Correct. On the exact math of it we wont know until we see the final rule. But when you think about leveraging G&A it doesnt take that much math of stock different going from 7.4 to 7.3. We cant have a specific number until we get the final rule. But its enough to tweak that G&A.
Kevin Fischbeck  BofA Merrill Lynch: And I guess you said we dont have the final rule, but I guess one of the numbers that we dont have which I dont know if you have a perspective on since theyre going to be setting the rate base upon the lowest drug utilization in 2007, 2009, do you have a sense of what kind of headwind that might be to the rate?
Kent Thiry: I will defer to LeAnne. I do not have a number in my head. LeAnne, do we have a number in our head as to theyre probably going to go for 2008, right? And what kind of cut that represents from the industry? I doubt that we have industry '09 data yet so we probably dont know.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Id just say '08 looks like it would be the year, but we dont have all the data and neither does CMS. And it is built-in cut for us because just mathematically if you take the lowest of three years of which '09 was one of those years and were going to have a cut as it relates to that. And then in addition to that our pharmaceutical intensities and by the way our clinical outcomes are higher than the average. Now if you compare with the other large provider, Persinues [ph] who virtually identical when you compare to the overall industry average they are higher, so for those two reasons, we have a bigger hill to climb as it relates to that issue.
Kevin Fischbeck  BofA Merrill Lynch: My last question, I think it is the last question, the demand growth slide that you had before, demand growth slide being stable and this is the same slide weve had for the last ten years, what are your thoughts about it being the same slide ten years from now, you mentioned therapies potentially in the works, but it sounds far off, what do you think the biggest risk of having to change that slide is and how far away do you think that is?
Kent Thiry: Over ten years if treatments for diabetics and private insurance significantly improves, while that will not have a large effect on aggregate demand it could have a material impact on that portion of demand which subsidizes most of our population. So thats the most significant negative on the ten-year front or any other comparable advances that are disproportionately taken advantage of by that segment. The most significant positive over ten years would be if science emerges that more and more people should have more than three treatments.
Kevin Fischbeck  BofA Merrill Lynch: You are not worried about medical technology like portable kidneys or things like that, that sounds like it's way too far from the future.
Kent Thiry: At this point, what Im told and this is a function of me listening to people whom we think know a lot, who either work for us or work for others, that the portable technologies, I guess if you go to the ten-year timeframe that is feasible, Kevin. However, its not all clear that thats a bad business model for us. Just as we have more home patients anybody in the world today. I think thats why I dont have it on the short list. Its not clear to me thats a negative. In addition, the way it works now if you are a company with new technology, who is the first person you go to in the world? Us. Because Persinues is a wonderful company, is going to be your competitor and so if its anybody other than Persinues they come to us first so theres a tremendous opportunity to partner with new technology and if it is Persinues they come to us because we have a wonderful working relationship and we can drive an amazing enhancement on their return and theres salacious antitrust consequences not coming to us with a proprietary technology. So for shareholders that space that you brought up, probably has more upside for us than downside, and in part because it really could change the capital intensity of growth to the extent that you dont have to build all the centers. So that would be an answer to a different question that has nothing to do with demand change, but structural change which we think is good for us.
Kevin Ellich  RBC Capital Markets: Kevin Ellich of RBC Capital Markets. I had a couple questions. Starting off, Rick, I was wondering if you help us understand why non-acquired treatment growth increased faster than total treatment growth in Q4. It was 4.8% for non-acquired and 4.5% for total.
Rick Whitney: If you look at it on a treatment per day basis you wouldnt see that same relationship treatment per day growth year-over-year with higher than non-acquired treatment growth, so thats part of the problem now. What you say why would that be the case? It has to do with the way the calendar falls on treatment days. The sequential growth in treatment is actually lower than it typically would be for the reasons that I mentioned and as we look at January we see the effect of that bouncing back. So, I think may just be the number that youre looking at. If you look at treatments per day growth it does have an increment above non-acquired growth. Its a smaller increment than it was earlier in the year and that relates to the timing of the acquisition with the way theyve rolled out.
Kevin Ellich  RBC Capital Markets: Does it have anything to do with the center closure or the five centers that were merged?
Rick Whitney: No, Jim or anyone else, correct me if Im wrong, the center closures are baked into the non-acquired growth calculation.
Kevin Ellich  RBC Capital Markets: And then thinking about DaVita Rx and the bundle, Kent, I was wondering if you give us your thoughts behind opting in or what you plan to do if CMS doesnt change the oral medication payment amount of $14 per treatment and how much would you like them to include in the bundle?
Kent Thiry: To fully fund accepted clinical protocol of orals in the bundle at current economics would be something like $43 or $45. Are those the right words, LeAnne? And $14 is a ridiculous number. And they are stuck and working hard to figure out what to do because since there are so many patients right now who dont get what they should get, how do you estimate what that number is when you dont even have the data so you dont know for sure how many patients are getting what now. So you might know a number of what youre spending but you dont know exactly what percent patients it covers and how compliant they are. And so they are in a very tough spot because they cant accept our number, although we have given them an honest one. They know their originally number is totally wrong. They want to move in this direction for very sound reasons. Were not against orals in a bundle in theory, we just want it to be at the right number so patients get the right drugs in the right quantity which is why we advocate they spend a couple of years working with us so they can feel comfortable with calculating the number, testing all assumptions, seeing all the data and then put it in. So thats the spread and thats the quandary they find themselves in. We hope they work with us over a couple of years to figure out the right number and implement it in a very transparent way. Is that responsive?
Kevin Ellich  RBC Capital Markets: Yes. And then thinking about DaVita Rx, could you give us some information how many patients you have using your pharmacy and how the grassroots efforts have been going?
Kent Thiry: The answer to the second question is the grassroots efforts have been going well. 2009 was our best year for incremental penetration and the total number of patients on is between 18,000 and 20,000. Anybody know the exact number?
Rick Whitney: Its very close.
Kent Thiry: It gives you the range. It is by far the largest focused kidney care pharmacy in the world and we got a growing database thats unique for helping pharma companies, think about enhancing the penetration of their drugs, for remarkable influence, making sure the right people get the right drugs as well as data tying it to reduced hospitalizations when patients do comply. So its really a unique data set, its one of the assets separate from the incremental margin on delivering the script.
Kevin Ellich  RBC Capital Markets: And then my last question has to do with people and your thoughts on the new ESA tests were coming to the market soon like Hematide and also the upcoming government meeting for ESAs. I think theres one at the end of March. What are your thoughts going into that meeting, what do you think its all about?
Kent Thiry:  On the new ESAs coming to market, we are very excited. We think the world of Amgen as a company and their drug has been a great gift to thousands of patients. At the same time, we would love for there to be a competing great gift because theres an awful lot of gross margin sitting there. And then the meetings coming up, I dont know where theyre going to come out, you talk to 20 nephrologists, you get 20 different opinions about what some of the new studies suggest or dont suggest, prove or dont prove and they have not yet even published the exact questions theyre going to address in some of those meetings and so you end up doing hyper speculating, which isnt time well spent. So I think thats both questions.
Rick Whitney: Hey, Jeff, the gentleman, next to Schaff [ph] in the back has hand up for quite a while.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. Your profitability is in part derived from a pricing floor that set by the less efficient providers in the industry, by your own description; we cant have them go out of business at a rapid rate. And Im wondering therefore if you can describe a little bit what the size and shape of the industry cost curve is sort of with an eye to how many years is it until we have nothing but efficient providers in which case who knows what the profit structure would look like? Thanks.
Kent Thiry: We dont know you can look right now at our current non-acquired growth 4.5% to 5%, what FMC is doing, what the MDOs are doing, the medium investor-owned enterprises and if you just extrapolate out a straight line its a long time before you have a critically material body of independence. And some of them will never sell. They may lose share. So maybe theyve gone from 30 patients to 40 to 50 to 60 and theyre going to then go from 60 to 50 to 40 as they lose share to us and others but theyre still going to have their center, because if a doctor doesnt want to sell or its a hospital doesnt want to sell or its an investor doesnt want to sell. Then further delays the curve. So absent some discontinuity like a really bad bundle at least a lot of people do want to sell quickly, its quiet sometime but I dont have the model in my head.
Rick Whitney: I think the other interesting thing is that were about to go through industry transition here where several billion dollars the industry costs are going to move from cost plus into the bundle and so that has the potential to widen the gap between the floor and the efficient providers as scale advantages are likely to be more important in the bundle than they were previously.
Unidentified Analyst: A follow up again, how large is that more inefficient part of the market and at what rate is it departing today?
Kent Thiry: About 25% of the market. 1,000 centers more or less, again sort of defining the boundary is a quest somewhat subjective, but that gives you a sense, and the market is growing at 3.8% and you will see were at 6%, FMC is at right about the market, and the MDO is a little hard to quantify but they are so tiny so you are not moving much each year on a share basis. But we probably can give you an actual set of the numbers. So I can only give you the directional business answer and some of the mathematical components. I just cant do it in my head and I dont have the numbers memorized.
Unidentified Analyst: Ill wait, is that okay?
Kent Thiry: Andreas.
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.: Good morning. Andreas Dirnagl from Stephens.
Kent Thirty: You usually wait until closer to the evening
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.: Well, I can always come back.
Rick Whitney: Its been twelve years and you dont age ever.
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.: Kent, just to pick up on a term you used a couple times, now there are really bad bundle. Would you characterize the current proposal as a really bad bundle?
Kent Thiry: The interim rule? Oh yes. That would be an understatement.
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.: The $14 versus $45 makes it a really bad bundle?
Kent Thiry: Its an abomination.
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.: Okay. On the same line when it comes to the current rule than as its proposed now assuming that there would be no changes, do you have an opinion as to whether DaVita would opt in immediately or would you take it in over the four years?
Kent Thiry: On the current rule you would head for the hills. You would opt to resign. Under a new rule you got to wait to see it to know what you would do.
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.: And majority, you put out I think three or four different things that you and the industry were working on. Would you say that the oral drug is the number one key focus of your conversations now?
Kent Thiry: The math of a few of them. A few of them have striking math if they get them as wrong as whats contemplated. But I want to go back and emphasize. They were very open in saying, hey, we had to get this out because the fastest way for us to get a better handle on it was to get it out and start the communication in a more intense and open and deadline kind of way. So, we know they are going to change some of that stuff, which is why you end up getting caught, how much you have to talk about it, because they said its not going to stay that way. It doesnt mean that were trying to tell anyone that you should be (inaudible) exactly what we think is right, although we try to be credibly open and honest in our analysis with them, because were just trying to get to the budget neutrality that the legislation mandated. We just wanted what the legislature wanted. We dont want leakage. Thats really, that works for us. So its not a case of were trying to add stuff in. But they did the right thing by bringing it out the way they did to accelerate progress and learning and they listened with great intensity. There you go. Thats all we can say factually.
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.: Okay. And another issue then you made a comment that what would be positive for both DaVita and the industry would be an expansion of coverage with no public option. Do you therefore see the Senate version of healthcare reform as a positive to the industry and to DaVita as being the most likely thing if were going to get reform to pass?
Kent Thiry: If the legislation that passes creates subsidies of any sort which make it easier for citizens to buy or retain private insurance, which parts of the Senate bill might do, that is an unambiguous good. And as probably you all know, state facts here that are very time sensitive, a fact that is true today, may not be true tomorrow, but the public option is quite severely politically damaged, yet the desire to have more people covered by insurance remains strong. And so ergo someone this year soon or later might try to do something in order to show their constituents that there is more insurance coverage without tackling the monster, the third rail of the public option. Im not predicting that, but it wouldnt surprise me if someone tries to do it. The big countervailing factor, of course, is just spending money is very difficult right now and then the countervailing fact is in our case, if you extend private pay you can pay for it providing coverage.
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.: One or two relatively quick ones, can you remind us when your current Amgen contract is up and what youve done in terms of starting to renegotiate that?
Kent Thiry: I dont think there is ever been a period in ten years were not negotiating with Amgen. And I dont know, do we disclose when it ends? I dont remember.
Rick Whitney: (inaudible) files Amgen this year.
Kent Thiry: Okay. So its the end of 2010, December 31, 2010, isnt that right?
Rick Whitney: Yes.
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.: You mentioned going, switching to acquisitions for a moment youve been talking for, I think a year or a little bit more than a year about your desire for potential MDO acquisition. You mentioned today that you havent been able to get there in price which has been a good thing. Can you talk about not for any specific transaction, but just in general, what you are willing to pay for acquisitions in terms of say on a per patient basis the way we always looked at them in the past?
Kent Thiry: I dont think its in your best interest for me to talk about that publicly. But maybe the generic answer might be useful. Want to give you a good internal capital.
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.: Looking back at the Gambrel acquisition if I recall correctly you paid about $75,000 a patient or $80,000 a patient. Looking back on that, is that sort of, yes, we think thats a good pricing level in general, or no, we got a bargain, you shouldnt be expecting that going forward?
Kent Thiry: I dont even know our per patient numbers for '09. We just simply dont look at it that way. We look at it in two ways, an IRR and a year three after tax cash return on the actual net capital invested to do the deal. So, one very, very hard core intermediate term, pragmatic cash, cash, cash, cash, cash, and the other, the more normal conventional financial IRR with the terminal value and all that stuff. Thats what we use. In evaluating an MDO one also takes into account that it could be by buying, having two more centers in Milwaukee, you actually help strategically the performance of the four others that you already own, which then adds a return and thats not has anything to do with the multiple youre paying on their profit. And so, all I can say is, we want to be very comfortable that we are going to get a sustainable after-tax return on capital. Thats what its got to be.
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.: Okay. And then the finally one for me for now and youve hated this one in the past but its been a while so I will ask again. Your own commitment to the Company, can you remind us what your length of your employment contract is and what the options for renewal are?
Kent Thiry: You are still trying to get rid of me. Theres no date set by me as to when I will go and Im totally committed and loving what we do and are trying to do. Of course, when at the board wants to fire me any time soon its not something I can control, but I have no personal date set and Im very, very, very excited about some of the stuff we are doing. We will go here and then theres a gentleman in the middle.
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.: One quick question, you talked about village health and then coordinated care both you present has been pretty vocal about the opportunity. Understanding MSP has some political opponents in Washington, who could be the gaining factor in getting accord any care pilot large or more on track?
Kent Thiry: Who could be an obstacle or gaining factor?
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.: Why hasnt it been more?
Kent Thiry: It was frustrating this last year because we were told, we were advised by the right people not to pursue a large globally capitated pilot because they just were sick of dealing with us after the whole HIPAA legislation for the bundle. They spent a lot of time on dialysis they wanted a break. And they knew they were going to tackle the healthcare reform. They got to deal hospitals, doctors, insurance companies, pharma, so they had to deal with the aircraft carriers and they dont want to, were going to have time. Against odds, we refused to listen and moved forward anyway and created a significant body of support to the point where they were working with us and crafting language. So all the legislation, the language was drafted. And it got sent to the CVO. So we climbed a tall, tall mountain and got people excited, even in the context of, my gosh, were already working 18 hour days and why would we add to this thing which is not the political main event. And then we tried very hard to make clear to the CVO that we will do anything to avoid a concern that we would cherry pick which is a concern when losing global capitation will people cherry pick and somehow pick patients where they are going to make money just because they were superior underwriters. And visual, we will put whatever language you want, but they dont craft language for you. They still had a concern so they didnt give us a neutral or a saving score. They gave us a slight costing score which then knocked us out in this go around. So we overcame all the obstacles and got into the legislative red zone and were stopped by a relatively small costing score, but it was a costing score and so the optics of that were not acceptable. But it does put us in a very good position going forward because theres a lot of familiarity with the concept. And everything they talk about those of you are familiar ACO is with a big concept in the Senate bill, other people talk about integrated care, we can be a poster child for the kind of thing they want to deal with all chronic care in America and thats what we were offering up, a substantive political victory and so we will be back at it, but thats what happened this past year. Is that responsive?
Gary Lieberman  Wells Fargo: Thanks. Gary Lieberman from Wells Fargo. You talk a lot about the cost opportunity from bundling, are there any revenue opportunities from bundling, does it make more sense to do more hemo or do PV?
Kent Thiry: Excellent question. We have to wait for the final rule.
Gary Lieberman  Wells Fargo:
 :
 :
Kent Thiry: I dont know. We know this we thought a moving target. We spend more times just focusing on trying to get the problems fixed so I dont honestly know the answer to the question. Rick?
Rick Whitney: I would say, no, I think the dominant focus is really on the cost side.
Gary Lieberman  Wells Fargo: And then with regards to EPO you talked about there being an opportunity and the contract with Amgen ends in 2010, I guess is there any opportunity to potentially get some significant cost savings prior to the expiration of the patents?
Kent Thiry: Dont know. We would like that.
Gary Lieberman  Wells Fargo: So I guess the other piece of that is it sort of in your mind if you could share with us what do you think the potential size for the savings is on $800 million piece it is EPO?
Kent Thiry: Its going to be fascinating. They have what they have. You know the facts. How this place out is, who knows. Its going to be quite exciting.
Gary Lieberman  Wells Fargo: Alright, Ill hope for too. I will go for my third one. Is there anything different that youre doing in terms of the contracts, the long-term contracts that you have with your directors, is there anything you are doing different because, I guess, some of the competition from some of the new entrants or some of the other guys doing JVs? Is there anything that you are doing different in your contracts to keep those physicians either longer or to get physicians the first time?
Kent Thiry: Short answer is no. Our medical director agreements are quite similar to what theyve been in the past. What weve demonstrated in the last few years back when we talked about some of the headwinds is that we had a lot of physicians whos contracts were expiring, who didnt have tails, who didnt have non-compete tails. And what weve demonstrated is very, very, very high percentage capability of renewing even with that, which is why we dont even talk about it anymore because our hit rate is so strikingly high. And so that was the one watch that throughout there a couple of years ago but the end for all, going forward contracts noncompete tails are a part of doing the business and virtually always achieved. So that would be the only difference. But its only a difference for those contracts. It was always the standard, but we inherited a bunch of contracts that didnt have that provision. Everything else is pretty much the same.
Rick Whitney: We generally are its a matter of course entering into a discussion about renewals far in advance of expirations. Thats something its not different over the last couple of years, but its one of the reasons why we had pretty good success. I guess the last thing is people dont take the impression that its all about contracts is the other thing is all the work weve done to improve our position as a high value provider, high value partner is really critical for a lot of docs, particularly, as we go into a time of significant industry changes with the bundle.
Gary Lieberman  Wells Fargo: Okay, thanks a lot.
Kent Thiry: Thank you.
Justin Lake  UBS: Thanks. Justin Lake with UBS. Just a few questions on your commercial mix. The number was 13% last year; it looks like it went down to 12%. Any more color you can give us on that? You can get from 13% to 12% a lot of different ways, was that 30 basis point move or was it a 120 basis points decline?
Kent Thiry: I dont know the answer to that.
Rick Whitney: Less than 100.
Justin Lake  UBS: Less than 100?
Kent Thiry: I remember the first time I was told the rounding has moved. I know it was less than 100 but I dont know the exact.
Justin Lake  UBS: Right. Was it materially different, its probably a full year average, was it materially different coming out of the year than the 12% or the decline?
Rick Whitney: No, if Im answering the question correctly or incorrectly, let me know. It did continue to deteriorate in Q4, so the number were giving you is where its declined to.
Justin Lake  UBS: Thats the Q4 spot number?
Rick Whitney: Yes. And again sort of half, the reason half the retaining patients longer, half tied to the economy, and then the other thing for a little bit more color that weve been saying for the last several quarters is that it seems to be disproportionately in the lower rate segment of our business. That was a little bit different in Q4. Still disproportionate to the low rate but not as favorable as it had been in previous quarters.
Justin Lake  UBS: Is there anything figure out as to why thats been the case?
Rick Whitney: Honestly, no.
Justin Lake  UBS: And then youve been pretty clear that the existence of COBRA, your ability to get people covered there, has buffered the economic impact to some extent. I know you track this pretty closely so as you go through the year, as you see people ticking off in that cobra coverage expiring, do you have an idea of where you think that number, nothing else change in the economy, we came out at the same unemployment rate we came in. At the end of the year where do you expect that 12% number to be just because of cobra expirations?
Rick Whitney: Yes, I dont have a number for you because we havent isolated it in that way. As we think about mix going forward were hoping that its not going to continue to deteriorate, but planning for it to. And we dont have a handle on is the lag time between sort of the impact of unemployment and the related decline in commercial membership. And the impact on our business, we are working furiously to get a better view on it, but we, at this point in time dont have a forecast that we have a lot of confidence in, in terms of what our mix will be as the year progresses. So, as I said hoping that it doesnt decline, planning that it will.
Kent Thiry: And just on COBRA, LeAnne, you correct me if its wrong, the Congress passed a temporary COBRA extension provision. That did not apply to our patients. And so when that expires, it doesnt affect us. So the only thing that would change our COBRA reality is nothing tied to all that legislative, the stuff that got the legislative attention, but just that a fewer people in the normal course of life sign up for COBRA.
Justin Lake  UBS: And then just lastly on from a commercial contracting standpoint, its pretty clear that you have an understanding with commercial payors that they are the subsidy for Medicare, more people are on Medicare, is there anything you can do from a rate perspective in 2010 or have done from a rate perspective to try to increase that subsidy to offset this mix change?
Rick Whitney: 2009 was a solid year in terms of our rate trend and we hope 2010 will be solid as well.
Justin Lake  UBS: You think it will be better or worse? I would assume most of thats already contracted?
Rick Whitney: No, because I think as you know most of our business is up for renegotiation early every year because they are not long-term contracts. So, its not a situation where you go into the year with the rates locked and loaded. In some cases that is the case, but predominantly theres a lot of discussion that have to take place between January and December. I dont think were in a position to predict.
Justin Lake  UBS: And then just last question
Kent Thiry: And, Justin, were doing a better job now of analytically establishing the credibility the fact that the rates are higher to subsidize the government. However, having said that when we go to them and say, well, our Medicare deficit is going to grow this year, they beg to differ when we suggest that, that means they should do something to incrementally make up for that.
Justin Lake  UBS:
 :
Rick Whitney: The problem is the quote, yes.
Justin Lake  UBS: Commercial bundling, can you give us an idea of where you are right now as far as the percentage of your contracts that are bundled and where you expect to go into bundling on at the end of the year?
Kent Thiry: We never reveal the exact number but its substantial and continues to grow and its going to continue to grow probably this year more than the normal year and 2011 more than the normal year.
Justin Lake  UBS: Great. Thanks.
Kent Thiry: Hes back.
Unidentified Analyst: You mentioned more frequent dialysis a few times and so Im just wondering if you could comment a little bit more about, what clinical data do you think is important and maybe important overtime and I guess how you view this as a public policy item for your industry and how you lobby it? Just kind of where do we stand as far as more frequent dialysis goes, how should we think about that?
Kent Thiry: Ill make a couple of statements and then you come back to fill the gaps. The policy makers are horrified at the prospect of doing anything that would lead to lots of people getting lots more treatments. And therefore, will set a high bar for data and/or physician frequency. Thats the policy side of it. On the data side of it, the people who are critical say the data is or I guess technically are not clear about sustained comparable adequacy and reduction in total healthcare cost. The supporters argue vehemently that the data are clear although theres no massive control study that in fact outcomes are better. We are neutral because the fact is therere not the kind of controlled studies that you might have for a new drug. We do more home hemodialysis than anybody in the world, so there isnt anybody with as much data as we have. We are continuing to learn very objectively every month or more about it and look forward to helping shape policy in whatever direction it should go. What is clear to me as a relatively ignorant lay person in the conversation, but as an observer, is that for some percentage of people it is better. I am quite persuaded of that. But as to what percentage that is, its just too wide a possible range right now. So thats our answer. Did I cover all of it?
Unidentified Analyst: I think so. I guess my other part of the question just relates to a recent announcement you made regarding a hire, who is in charge of your home therapies. And my understanding is that person came from an organization with a much hire home hemodialysis and home-based therapy penetration. So maybe just talk about that hire in context around your strategy?
Kent Thiry: Yes, we just successfully recruited a gentleman named Dr. John Moran. He is one of the best known physicians in the world when it comes to home therapies and particularly PD with both PD and frequent dialysis. He came to us from a competitor who has placed lots and lots of emphasis on the home. And so were very excited that he wanted to come and join us. And what that reflects is the fact that it is our stated intent to be, and we have not only more home hemopatients than anyone in the world, we have more home patients than anyone in America. I dont know FMCs global numbers. And so our agreeing to get together with him is a reflection of our stated intent to be the most thoughtful, the most informed, the best equipped organization in terms of data on clinical outcomes and operational realities in home therapies in the world. Thats what that hiring reflects. And then exactly where thats going to go in terms of policy advocacy we dont know yet. But it further positions us to be what weve said we wanted to be for a few years, which is when Congress or CMS is looking to change anything, they want us in the room, because all along weve been ruthlessly objective players in this debate.
Unidentified Analyst: I guess my other question here just relates to some of the strategic initiatives that you talked about in these forums in the past. You highlighted really three in your slide presentation. Im just wondering if you could maybe talk a little bit more about some of the other that make up that 5% of your revenue, in the last year comprise about $15 million or $20 million of investment for your shareholders?
Kent Thiry: Sure. Were developing a fourth one, thats consuming dollars is were developing an electronic health record, electronic medical record for physician practices, nephrology practices. Its called Falcon. It an exciting piece of work. What are the once are sort of material? I hit the big once in terms of the math.
Unidentified Analyst: Fusion, you talked about in the (inaudible).
Kent Thiry: Oh just focused on kidney care, the home infusion company we bought a couple years ago at a very strong year in 2009 after we almost killed it in 2008 after we bought it and smothered it with value-added, had a very strong year, and we just hired a new Chief Operating Officer and are hoping to ramp up the growth significantly relative to '09 in 2010, primarily on a de novo basis in order to continue to test whether or not this is an area where we can throw substantial chunks of your capital to grow. Its a highly fragmented industry. Its a very good fit with our core competencies. It could be that significant portions of it are susceptible to dialysis being dialysized in terms of a more clinical focus with more standard outcomes and a more coherent deal with payors. So were still learning and trying to decide and as we explained when we bought it, this could be another big growth pillar. Were going to take some time and see if its a place where we want to place some significant bets and the best way to do that is place a small bet rather than consultants do PowerPoints in your conference room or with all due respect just reading your reports. We felt by owning it and running it for a couple of years were learning a lot and hoping that it ends up being something that we want to place some big bets.
Unidentified Analyst: And just financial part of it I guess I want to ask is the 30 basis points or 40 basis points of margin that youve been absorbing on a consolidated basis, how does that look in 2010? Do you think you can get to break even in all these businesses that you segment report now separately or do you think you still have start-up losses that you will be investing in, in 2010?
Kent Thiry: I will take it, Rick. What I said in the presentation is that we would expect the investment, the operating losses to be comparable in 2010 to 2009, not significantly higher or lower. And that number is 0.3% of revenue. Theres Andreas Dirnagl.
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.: Just a couple more. Kent, we dont talk about it a lot for obvious reasons, because theres really not a lot to talk about, but you did put up a list of the investigations that you successfully completed. There are still three outstanding anywhere from two years old to five years old at this point. Is there any color you can give in terms of would you consider any of those active investigations still, are you still getting requests, etc.,?
Kent Thiry: One of them has been dormant for some time. And theres been activity in the other two. In one case, positive activity in our mind, in another case, negative activity. It probably doesnt make sense to go further but that gives you a some sense of how that portfolio is evolving.
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.: Thats great. And, Rick, maybe just a question on the slide that you put up in terms of growth going forward, bottom-line was 9% to 11%. Thats clearly below what youve been doing on a CAGR basis for the past couple of years a good 300 basis points to 400 basis points. And I was wondering maybe one or two quick ones. You put in further share repurchases as one of the drivers for the leverage down there. Any assumptions thats in there of how much or that you are going to do them or it could possibly add to that?
Rick Whitney: The assumption is built into that that basic financial model is that we reinvest our free cash flow in either acquisitions or share repurchases.
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.: Okay. And youve done a good job in the past, always sort of talking about the levers and the probabilistic outcomes and things like that, what sort of a lever do you think particularly in 2010, 2011 that you can sort of push and pull against so thats going to cause that number to potentially be versus the 9% to 11% more in line with your historic range of 14% to 15%?
Rick Whitney: The things that could cause us to be above that range or below that range I would say are outcomes on private rates, were able to get consistent increases overall on the portfolio, similar to what weve done historically or not. And bundling transition, I think, would be part of that answer as well that could put us out on either end. Those are the two that I would say. And they are both the same answer for the high end and the low end. I dont know would you add anything to those?
Kent Thiry: What happens in that portfolio of the quieter government programs, VA Medicaid and Medicare Advantage is up there in the pantheon of big factors and then whether or not we get a private pay extension or private insurance subsidy would be a fourth one in the pantheon.
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.: Of the three other programs that you mentioned and I think you said in general that they have higher than Medicare rates, do all three of them actually have higher than Medicare rates or is it them as a bundle?
Kent Thiry: Definitely as a bundle and I know two of three do, I cant state definitively on the third.
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.: Im assuming its Medicaid.
Kent Thiry: I think its in your best interests that I not respond.
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.: Okay, finally, and then one final question on just de novos or actually two on de novos, Im assuming are we pass sort of the big certification issue now, has the log jam cleared or are there still some waiting and then finally are we still in a situation youve said in the past where clearly your development people bring you many more projects than you actually do on a de novo basis? Kent, you mentioned that you brought down your IRR hurdles. Are we still in a situation though where you probably have more capacity to do de novos than you are actually doing?
Rick Whitney: The actual number of centers delayed right now is 62 I believe. Its down a little bit from its peak, not, what that? Still quite a few. Although just to make sure that everybody knows what were talking about, its not that we have a bunch of centers out there that are getting older and older and older where you have to say, oh my gosh, are they ever going to open those centers. Instead its taking longer to get from completion to certification. So you kind of build up a little backlog there. So that is predominantly the nature of that pipeline. So a little better. Weve also done a little bit better in controlling our costs for those de novos while they situating and so thats helped a little bit, but there is still a drag on our costs right now. Now that number will never go to zero and it never has been at zero, its just about two times what it would typically be if you look back in history.
Kent Thiry: Theres another part to your question about capacity for growth. I might ask you to ask that again to make sure we hit that part, too. But we had a significant public policy victory on the survey and certification front which is theres an appropriations bill that allocates money to the agencies for doing that sort of stuff and the related stuff. And this year we worked very hard again to be in the lead by far and the provision, the funding for dialysis survey certification went up by 65% or so. An increase, a dedicated allocation changed the likes of which had never been seen. And so that will overtime begin to help us, holding all other things constant reduce that number further. But you asked another question about sort of capacity to grow?
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.: (inaudible).
Kent Thiry: The answer is, yes, we probably have 200 projects being evaluated right now and you saw the prediction for this year was comparable to the last two. And then many of the decisions well make in the next few months actually affect what happens in 2011, but if I had to guess right now, Id say '11 will be comparable to '10 absent again any discontinuity there. Our objective is always to see if we can stay here until no one has another question.
Andrea Bici  Schroeder: Andrea Bici, Schroeder. You talk about maybe transitioning to other ESA products, can you maybe give us the time line of, I know you run your clinical protocols very carefully, just how you run your pilot programs and if you were to be considering a new therapy how long a decision process is and then how long it would be to roll it out to all the centers?
Rick Whitney: Specific to ESA?
Andrea Bici  Schroeder: Yes.
Rick Whitney: There isnt another ESA on the market yet. The one that appears to be closest is Affymaxs Hematide, which theyre saying late 2011. If youre betting you probably bet that it flips from there. So we think about 2012 as possibly being the year that there could be a real alternative and then two years later is when the patents fall away and we anticipate several other alternatives which are already in the pipeline. So we dont actually have an alternative right now. However, the spector of competition hopefully will be relevant today even before products are on the market.
Kent Thiry: Shes asking about the timing of penetration. LeAnne and Jim, are we doing clinical trials? Are we involved in the trials with AFFE? Thats what I was 99% sure, but. So as is often the case, if you want to bring a new drug to the kidney care market you want to come, work with the DaVita clinical research to do it because that way were developing mutual familiarity organizationally with the drug with all the subtleties of the results. Our leading physicians are getting familiar with it because theyre going to be using it in a highly controlled manner. So thats all done on a advanced basis, with us unlike virtually anyone else in our space. It gives us a tremendous leg up for the stage that youre asking questions about, which is that when is it like to make a final go-decision and then implement the go-decision. I cant answer using a number of months, but because of our involvement with them all along the way and between now and then, any more expansive testing or pilot phase can be relatively short and then if our physician leaders communicate to the rest of the community that this is equivalent or differentiated in some way, the take-up can be quite quick, very quick, as weve demonstrated. LeAnne, how many years ago was it when we made the conversion to? Its been for it was a fair number of years ago now, but, as theres been in the last ten years thereve been a couple of instances, where a new drug has either been clinically equivalent and economically superior or clinically superior or operationally superior, for example, by changing vial size between ampul [ph] and vial. And if you look at our track record even back then and wed be better now at our ability to marshall communication across physicians and drive rapid implementation of something that is superior along one of those dimensions is fast. Its fast. And I wouldnt expect this to be any different.
Andrea Bici  Schroeder: Are you in any clinical trials for generic EPO? I heard theres a few on the market in Europe.
Kent Thiry: (inaudible).
Andrea Bici  Schroeder: Okay, thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Do you have any interest in licensing is something like Micera or generic EPOs when EPO goes fully generic to FAS 14?
Rick Whitney: Yes, we have a huge interest in any and all alternatives. And we love, wed be very clearly to love to keep using EPO also if its clinically equivalent to everything else and we can strike a good business deal. We worked exceptionally well with Amgen for a long time other than the normal tussle on rates.
Unidentified Analyst: Would that mean itd be a slight change in strategy instead of buying drugs, you would start to distribute and license them?
Kent Thiry: Oh, okay, I understood, I didnt catch all honestly the question. That is unlikely, but its not off the table.
Rick Whitney: We would be very up for anybodys advice on that score.
Kent Thiry: I guess, certainly, people have come to us with offers in that regard.
Rick Whitney: We typically conclude in those situations that its better to have complete flexibility and freedom to pursue all different alternatives than to be tied to one house drug.
Kent Thiry: Were better at choosing and using than were at licensing and distributing. Well, thank you all very, very much for your endurance and interest and well work hard for you until this time next year. Thanks.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kent Thiry - Chief Executive Officer Rich Whitney - Chief Financial Officer LeAnne Zumwalt - Investor Relations
Analysts: Gary Lieberman - Wachovia Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Kevin Fischbeck - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch. Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Justin Lake - UBS Gary Taylor - Citigroup Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Maggie, and Ill be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita third quarter 2009 investor conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Ms. LeAnne Zumwalt, you may begin your conference.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Thank you, Maggie and welcome everybody to our third quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in DaVita. Im LeAnne Zumwalt and with me today is Kent Thiry, our CEO and Rich Whitney, our CFO. Ill start with the forward-looking statement disclosure. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements; all of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent 10-Q and 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements. Additionally, wed like to remind you that during the call we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. Ill now turn the call over to Kent Thiry.
Kent Thiry: Thank you, LeAnne. Ill cover critical performance, bundling, healthcare reform and our outlook. First, clinical outcomes which weve first, because that is what needs to come first we are in the end, first and foremost a caregiver company, now at nearly 117,000 patients. First, adequacy, essential, how well we are doing at removing toxins from our patients blood this quarter 95% of our hemodialysis patients had a Kt/V greater than 1.2 its 90 day data. Second with respect to vascular access, 64% of our patients had fistulas in place again 90 day data, certain even management for this in to managed 88% of our patients to hemoglobin levels between10 and 13 and last three months. For all these and other clinical measures, our patient outcomes compare very favorably to national averages, and the numbers would be even better and both an absolute and relative basis if we were to exclude acquisitions and de Nova in both those categories. We do more than anyone else, and in both those categories it takes awhile to get those centers on average to the level that all the rest of our centers are at. Our quality outcomes not only result in healthier patients and families, but also create substantial savings for the American taxpayer and insured populations. On to bundling proposed rule as you all know, as a lot of issues and mistakes and incomplete analyses and this is totally normal. The bad news is if they get their final rule wrong in any significant way, patients will be hurt badly and centers will close, potentially, a lot of centers, since we are a single DRG industry with lots of small centers and very high patient variability in terms of costs. The good news is that this bundling program can also be a win/win for patients and the government if CMS is able to fix the stuff but theyre relentlessly working on. Big negative is that the proposed rule cuts the industrys reimbursement by significantly more than the 2% that Congress intended thats a big negative. On the positive side its nice to look out there and see a market basket minus 1% in the future. Its nice to look out there and see a billion dollars of spending that wasnt previously bundled, now bundled, creating whole new avenues of competition and innovation. Its nice over better situated than most others, the more integrated the service and product that are customers broadly to find as doctors, government, private payers, patient, the better off the LDOs are and finally, the challenges of bundling itself could lead to some very attractive acquisition opportunities. So, big negative and some positives lot of it hinging on the final rule. Just to wrap up the bundling commentary, a lot of work in a short timeframe so we have a lot of emphasis for the folks in CMS. Congressional intent was clear, which was 2% savings for taxpayers, while having a bundle, which protects beneficiaries and encourages innovation, and its good that the kidney care community has a solid track record of working with CMS. On to healthcare reform the outcome of course is highly uncertain as we all know. For us, it gets pretty simple, although thats always dangerous to say. Any reduction in the number of private insurance patients is bad. Any increase in the number of private insurance patients is good. This is because 87% of our patients are government and we lose money on those 87% and rely on the cross subsidy from the 13. Theres a new category one has to consider now which is any increase in the number of publicly insured patients, but for whom the rates are negotiated in the market. That may very well be a good, but hard to go any further than that, until it actually gets defined, that new third category relatively new on the reform scene. The other important point to note is that the more pressure there is on ESRD or Medicare spending in general, the more incentive will pass an peaks extension, which is manually going healthcare policy, but in the out patient are the only Americans who cant keep private insurance even if its better for them and their family doesnt happen to any other American unless youre on dialysis. Fourth and final topic for me, outlook. Weve raised our operating income guidance for 2009 to the 930 to 950 range, reflecting our performance through the year-to-date. We also expect that we may modestly exceed our prior operating cash flow guidance of 550 million to 600 million, and we are initiating 2010 operating income guidance at a range of 950 million to 1.20 billion. Ill now turn over to CFO, Rich Whitney.
Rich Whitney: Thanks, Kent. Our third quarter was again characterized by healthy volume growth, stable private pricing, strong cost controls and very strong cash flows. Compared to Q3 of last year revenue was up 9%, operating income was up 10.5% and EPS was up 19% on a 1% lower share count. Non acquired growth was 5.2% in the quarter, which was an increase from recent quarters. You should note that, however, when normalizing for the number of Monday, Wednesday, Friday days in the quarter, non-acquired growth would be 4.8%, still a solid number. Dialysis revenue for treatment increased $2.79 from Q2. The main contributors were increase in physician prescribed pharmaceuticals and increase in EPO ASP and an improvement in commercial rates. These items were partially offset by some deterioration in private mix. Dialysis operating expense increased $3.28 per treatment sequentially. There were three drivers increased pharma utilization, increased pharma pricing, and a bunch of small puts and takes across a number of line items. Our quarter end cash balance was 582 million and over the last six weeks, we have purchased a total of 2.2 million shares for $121 million. In summary, Q3 was a strong quarter across the board. Volume, revenue, costs, cash flows, as we look into Q4, there is risk that some operating costs could be higher and operating income could be lower as we often see a seasonal decline in labor productivity and an increase in G&A expense in the fourth quarter. Additionally, as we move into 2010 there is risk that we could experience a more significant private mix decline due to sustained levels of high unemployment, as well as losses of private patients as a result of payer negotiations. Our expectations regarding these swing factors are reflected in our operating income guidance range for 2010. Okay, shifting gears, a little more on the proposed bundling rule. We do not plan to discuss every detailed aspect of the rule in the prepared remarks of the Q-and-A Im sure you can appreciate why, but there are four major areas of concern that we will cover. One, orals, two, labs, three, case mix and four, the transition adjustment. Okay, so the first issue, the inclusion of oral phosphate binders test par in the bundle.  Four points to make. The $14 per treatment proposed for the oral drugs is clearly inadequate to provide the appropriate level of care to patients. In fact, we estimate the cost is at least three times CMSs calculation. Second point, CMS simply does not have the data to calculate these costs. Third point, a pilot or a demo would really need to be done in order to help them capture the information and fourth point is that our legal analysis supports that they do have the authority to properly fund orals in the bundle, or to delay this provision if they choose to move forward on including orals in the bundle. Okay, so the second issue, bundling of lab tests. CMS has underestimated the cost and added a 20% Co-Pay for labs. The kidney care community is recommended a discrete list of tests so that the costs can be determined accurately. Also, CMS should fully fund the labs and should not subject them to coinsurance, which would be consistent with the rest of the Medicare program as well as the intent of the Med legislation. So these two issues combined amount to a shortfall of about $3 per treatment. The third issue, the expanded case mix adjustors. As you probably know, CMS has proposed to expand the case mix adjustors from three currently to 17. Many of these proposed adjustors are not the best predictors of high cost patients and in fact, have significant underlying issues in the real world. For example, some of the adjustors are highly subjective. Others require data that is simply not available to us and for many of the administrative burden would be very high. Issue number 4 is the phase in adjustor. CMS has proposed a 3% phase in adjustment which would apply to both the bundled rate and to the transition rate and theyre doing this in order to account for a predicted optimization by providers of their individual decisions to transition or not. This methodology, the one they use to estimate this phase in adjustment, is flood, and in fact it negates the original intent of having a transition period and would result in reimbursement cut greater than the intended 2%. So covered a lot of the things that are issues with the rule on a positive note, CMS did listen to the industry in a number of areas in the rule when putting forth the preliminary rule and they are engaging productively with the industry on many of the issues. So we are hopeful that the industries analysis will inform them and assist them in making the appropriate adjustments in the final rule, but, in the end with no changes to the rule, centers will be forced to close. It is that black and white the good news is that we do expect there to be changes in the bundling rule, and of course, all of the uncertainties around exactly how much the rule will change between preliminary and final. So, I will now turn the call back to Kent for a few closing remarks.
Kent Thiry: I am actually think, anything that I would say at this point would be redundant to what either Rich or I have said so lets go straight to questions please, operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Steven Silver. Please go ahead, sir.
Kent Thiry:  Steven? Is your mute on, Steven? Operator, perhaps we go on to the next one and come back to him.
Operator: Absolutely, of course, next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman.
Gary Lieberman - Wachovia: Thanks, good evening. Looks like you had some pretty good facility growths. Can you comment on Texas? Youd noted before that had been a bit of an issue was getting new facilities up and has that cleared up at all?
Kent Thiry: The short answer, it is cleared up, some and/or continuing to work at to the get it cleared up the rest of the way. Were neither optimistic nor pessimistic the fact that we made progress is encouraging. The fact that theres still a bunch sitting there is a little depressing and so were on it working and leading an industry coalition.
Gary Lieberman - Wachovia: Okay. Any more color? Is it just that theyve actually hired some people to assign to the project, or what exactly has cleared it up to the extent that its been cleared up?
Kent Thiry: I dont know the details anymore. I know the details from a few states, but I dont know which details pertain to which states. In some cases it means, theyve hired extra people. In some cases it means, that were paying for the surveys. In other cases, it just means that they got enough letters that they reprioritized themselves. So, its kind of a mixed bag of solutions depending on the situation. Theres no one silver bullet thats going to solve it in every state.
Rich Whitney: Gary, on the issue overall, just to give you a sense, were pretty much in the same spot that we were last quarter in terms of the overall number that are delayed. However, Ill say at this point, were do you down to somewhere around 15 that are in the category of having been waiting longer than six months, and the rest of them are more recently constructed centers. So there has been some progress in getting some of these centers certified, but the extended time that its taking means that the states are just not keeping up with us in terms of the number of new centers were putting into the pipeline to be certified. So thats generally, overall, obviously in target states like Texas its a bit more difficult.
Gary Lieberman - Wachovia: Great, thats helpful. Then maybe can you talk a little bit about how the bundling of commercial contracts is going? Is that going according to whatever schedule you might have? Are there any issues in terms of transitioning from a rate perspective and any other issues associated with it?
Rich Whitney: Yes, we dont have any particular schedule. I think as weve said in the past our percentage of bundled business has been increasing for the last several years, really, and it continues to increase this year, and we expect it to continue going forward. So we dont have any particular schedule, and in some cases wed prefer to be bundled. In some cases we dont prefer to be bundled. Its really situation dependent.
Gary Lieberman - Wachovia: Would going towards bundling be the cause of any of the issues you noted in terms of potentially losing contracts or anything of that nature?
Rich Whitney: No, just the typical rate discussions with big payers and trying to figure out a long term solution.
Gary Lieberman - Wachovia: Okay and then maybe finally, just in terms of uses of cash, I guess youre up to about $580 million of cash on the balance sheet. Its nice to see you guys repurchase shares and get a new authorization. I guess in terms of thinking of what the priority is for uses of cash could we potentially see an increase in the number of acquisitions, or where you guys think on that front?
Rich Whitney: Our priorities stay the same, that we always look first at strategically leveraged growth at an attractive return on capital. Thats always what we would like to do first and when theres not enough of that in our near term future is when we turn to doing other things with the cash like buying back stock. Its so difficult to predict when those attractive targets are going to be available. So we have our fishing lines out. We just cant predict if were going catch anything soon.
Gary Lieberman - Wachovia: Okay, thanks a lot.
Rich Whitney: Thanks, Gary.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Good afternoon. Thanks, guys. Rich, I wanted to go back to one of your comments from your prepared remarks about deterioration in the private mix. Could you talk about how much you guys are seeing? What is the payer mix now and how much do you expect in 2010?
Rich Whitney: What was the last part of your question?
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: How much youre expecting to see the mix shift in 2010?
Rich Whitney: Okay, got it. Okay, well, we have seen a trend of private mix deterioration in it, and its been in the neighborhood of 50 basis points over the past year or so kind of depended on exactly what time period you look at. You should note that our private patient count is still growing just more slowly than our government business, and thats what weighs on the mix theres really two primary drivers. One is actually improving mortality. So, our patients on dialysis longer than 33 months, is growing faster than our patients that were on dialysis less than 33 months. This is, of course a good thing and is a reflection of our focus on high quality outcomes and a lot of the good work of our clinical teams, but it does, obviously mathematically, weigh on our mix. Then the second driver is deterioration in our admissions mix, of the mix of our patients at admission and this is where we achieve the impact of unemployment and the decline in insured lives that are commonly reported by all the major insurers. The final point that I will make is that to date, the mix shift has occurred primarily in the lower rate segment of our commercial population and thats minimized the impact on our overall rates. Thats answer your question?
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Yes, thats helpful. Then going back to the bundling and the case mix adjustors, I think that was the third point that was brought up, I was wondering if theres any case mix adjustors that Medicare did not include that you think should be included?
Kent Thiry:  Yes, race. Race is actually as far more predictive power than any of the variables they played well, and it also has more pragmatic relevance in that there are dramatic differences in preponderance of different races across different centers. So, from a policy point of view, its both feasible, its humane, its implementalble and its mathematically relevant. So we hope they do that.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Okay and then what about thoughts on alternative therapies like home hemo and not dialysis? I dont think theres some commentary about an add on payment for those therapies. What are your thoughts behind that?
Kent Thiry: We just have to wait for the final rule. There was no clear direction or statement or analysis in the proposed that would lead to us conclude anything significant yet. So, we just have to wait on that one.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks, guys.
Kent Thiry: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.
Kevin Fischbeck  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.: Thank you. I guess you mentioned a couple times you thought that the rate cut from bundling would be significant more than the 2%. Have you guys come up with an estimate of how much you think that this proposal would actually cut rates?
Rich Whitney: Kevin, we havent and its in part because the case mix adjustors are virtually impossible for us at the moment to estimate the impact on us and there are so many different aspects of the rule that we sort of know its significantly more than 2%. There are a couple of big bucket that make up the vast majority of the difference. You can kind of calculate what those are based on the information that we gave you, but trying to be any more precise than that, I think we would just get it wrong and we do believe a lot of it is going to change. So, were focused in on really those big four issues being the material matters that need to be delta.
Kevin Fischbeck  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.: Okay and then I guess its sounds like you did most of the share repurchase in September and October. Is it that at all related to the proposed rule or I guess we could maybe talk about the decision to get back into share repurchase after not doing it in Q 2. Is that just a matter of cash balance being equity value and its too much or was there something about floor as but this proposal out there you felt more comfortable buying back stock?
Rich Whitney: Yes, I dont know that we really want to parse that it finally. I think it really is what Kent said is that we prefer to spend our cash on growth opportunities and probably return on capital and when we cant do that and dont think we have more cash than we can invest in those kinds of activities in the near term, we choose usually to do some share repurchases. I think the only other thing I would say earlier in the year, if you kind of wind the clock back, the economy and the financial markets were in a very different state of play than they were at the end of the summer here and healthcare reform I think was in a much carrier point of at that time as well. So I think some of those things moderated, I think that did influence our thinking as you look at our behaviors earlier in the year versus later.
Kevin Fischbeck  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay and then I guess, you mentioned that the guidance is up with the results in the quarter, but we love to kind of hear, I can see where you beat our numbers, but love to hear where you saw upside versus your internal estimate that helped you feel the need to raise guidance?
Rich Whitney: Well, I think first of all being three quarters through at the level that were at was sort of the primary reason to raise guidance. In terms of where we are outperforming versus our internal estimates, I would really reiterate what I said is sort of very good performance across the board. We were pleased with the performance on volume. Pleased with, in spite of some continued mix deterioration, pleased with the revenue trends, and the cost control has been really good, due to some great work by the teams. Cash continues to be very strong with our LCM cash flow of greater than $700 million of the operating cash flow line. So, Id say really across the board, I could get into a lot more detail, but Im not sure that it would be particularly helpful.
Kevin Fischbeck  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: To follow up on that mix shift point you made earlier about losing some of the lower paying commercial businesses, is there a reason for that? Is it just the way it worked out? Is there something you can point to, that thats actually why were losing some of the lower paying and not losing the higher paying commercial?
Kent Thiry: Honestly, we dont know. We have a few hypotheses that we havent been able to prove out, but we honestly dont know, but it is factually true.
Kevin Fischbeck  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay and then, I guess last question, help Heparin, got to ask the Heparin question. I guess, mostly one of your competitors are talking about moving to an alternative drug option, I think whats your thoughts there about Heparin or an alternative?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, so, Citrasate could impact and help reduce the dependence on Heparin. We think thats true, as to how much that is yet to be proven and will be entering a pilot with them on that and well keep you posted.
Kevin Fischbeck  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Sudeep Singh.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Its actually Darren Lehrich calling from Deutsche Bank. Hows everybody doing?
Rich Whitney: Hey Darren.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: So I just wanted to circle back on revenue for treatment. Its been holding up very well in fact growing. I guess I just wanted to hear your comments about how your book of business and repricing into 2010 may have influenced your 2010 outlook, and maybe just the bottom line question is, are your 2010 rate creases from your managed care book consistent with what weve seen in recent periods?
Rich Whitney: Well, I would say that our experience in 2009 has been relatively consistent with prior years in terms of our ability to get reasonable rate increases. As to how that will play out for 2010 increases, we dont yet know.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay. But you have a set of guidance out there, and maybe just comment on the visibility you have into the business thats been repriced or the contracts that have been repriced thus far that will take you out into some point into 2010.
Rich Whitney: Yes. Okay, Im not quite sure Im getting the question, but certainly we have a percentage of our book that is longer term and where the pricing is known. We had another component of our business where we would have had activity in negotiating rates this year that would give us visibility into next year. Then we have what ends up being a majority of the business that is more short term, or we might not yet have visibility into our 2010 rates. Im not really sure that Im answering your question. I think as we sit here in October, we had reasonable visibility into what our rates are for a lot of our book of business and going into the first half of 2010, but we also have lots of open conversation with payors as we always do about whether our rates should go up or go down or stay the same.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thats fair.
Rich Whitney: I dont feel like Im answer your question, but Im not sure that I understand it.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Let me switch gears just to G&A in the fourth quarter and the last several years, we have seen, as you mentioned, Rich, an increase sequentially on G&A. I guess my question there would just be, is there anything different about this year, such that G&A wouldnt follow that pattern. I think you said in your prepared remarks that its typically been higher, but perhaps youve been able to do some things to alter that pattern and Id just like to hear your thoughts on that?
Rich Whitney: Yes, its typically been hire of course, were doing our best to manage that, but we would predict that it would be somewhat higher in Q4 than in Q3. Nothing, particularly different about this year than prior years.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay and then Kent, maybe just an update from you, if we could, on the ancillary businesses. They continue to be a modest drag overall and I think are more or less inline with what youve guided to at the outset of this year. Can you just maybe provide with us some thoughts on where are we relative to getting to breakeven, what do you think needs to happen there and just timing around that.
Kent Thiry: The portfolio is very close to breakeven now and in 2010, we would not anticipate anything dramatically different, but why dont you come at me again, Darren, so I can do a better job and thats for you.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: How is DaVita RX are doing, and I think you claim that you were going to be close to breakeven in DaVita RX by the end of this year. Can you just update us specifically on that and overall, I guess the portfolio of those businesses, when would you expect breakeven to be reached?
Kent Thiry: Okay, thank you. DaVita RX is profitable now and that makes us as just happy as you, and we hope it stays that way, of course, forever more. Lifeline, our vascular access business, remains profitable and it looks like it will nicely into 2010 and then the third of the big ancillary businesses, our integrated curt model that one the economics are tough to parsed a little bit, because theres the business side which has revenue, including our two demonstration projects with Medicare, then theres the part of it which is just R&D expense, which you really cant count in the same way and wed have to do some of that and want to do some of that anyway and village health will probably be slightly less unprofitable next year as this year. So, the one that was profitable remains and speculate the one map wasnt now is and the last will stay on profitable through 2010. 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay and I know Im getting in the weeds, but CRO and infusion, are those two also profitable?
Kent Thiry: Infusion is also profitable, yes, nicely. So, whats the other one?
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: That the CRO business.
Kent Thiry: Yes, that is also so some of five our profitable thank you for bringing up the other two.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Okay very good and I guess just a last question I have would just be around the buyback. I know people have asked this, but should we be think about your buyback activities around your free cash flow in any period, or should we consider leverage to be an option as you look at your buyback?
Kent Thiry: Rich will go that one in a second, but let me add one other fact is that is relevant for their portfolio question you are asking a moment ago. At separate from those five business lines, although, again, one of them, village Slaton, and Medicare models half business, half R&D also in the numbers that you see we have some IT expenses for our work on our electronic medical record and thats exciting stuff, but its pure expense, and so that is another R&D number that shows up in that category, but now Ill turn it over to Rich for your second question.
Rich Whitney: So, I think that leverage is certainly a possibility, as weve said in the past, we think the optimal leverage for this business is somewhere in the nature of 3.5 times of course that there are lots of external factors that could cause to you want to be higher or lower than that at any particular point in time, but generally overall long term we still believe that is a reasonable amount of leverage for the business and right now were somewhat below the low end of that range and generating a lot of cash, so its quite possible that could be a component of the plan overtime.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank: Very good, thanks a lot.
Rich Whitney: Thank you, Darren.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Justin Lake - UBS.
Justin Lake - UBS: Thanks. First question, just kind of following up on your commercial payor mix discussion, given the deterioration that youre talking about, Im curious is there anything going on in the market that might leave you disadvantaged versus your peers, maybe geographic mix or commercial referral patterns?
Rich Whitney: Justin, not anything that weve seen or anything that were aware of we did note that the other major company didnt reported a similar decline earlier today. We dont have an explanation for you. We have not seen anything that would lead to us believe that its a competitive issue in nature.
Justin Lake - UBS: Okay. So if youd look back over, lets say, the last five to ten years is this a type of normal volatility youre seeing here?
Rich Whitney: It would also just reemphasize that theres really two components that are driving it. One is, the patients are staying with us longer, and thats a significant contributor. The other is, then, of course, as I said the mix of the new admissions, but I want to make sure that you get that its both of those things.
Justin Lake - UBS: Thats helpful and then just on the deterioration, how much of that is built into 2010?
Rich Whitney: Certainly, we have some. We have sort of our best view built into 2010. I dont think it would be productive to go into individual assumptions in the forecast, because its sort of the collection of lots of different assumptions, probability weightings and the like, as you know.
Justin Lake - UBS: Okay.
Rich Whitney: I think you asked whether there was, I didnt answer your question about whether this is a normal mix trend.
Justin Lake - UBS: Right.
Rich Whitney: I think the answer to that is no, which is why weve brought it up the last couple quarters that we have seen over the last several quarters a bit of a change in trajectory there.
Justin Lake - UBS: Got it, but you do have something built in for 2010 you dont want to share the exact?
Rich Whitney: Correct.
Justin Lake - UBS: Okay, and I guess just last question on 2010 guidance, can you walk us through some of the puts and takes I know you normally do this type of thing at Investor Day, where you talk about the two or three kind of things that could go right or could go wrong in that guidance grand. Can you walk us through some of that?
Rich Whitney: Yes, so the things that could push us to the bottom end of the range I suppose is the question youre asking.
Justin Lake - UBS: Right.
Rich Whitney: Would be number one, this mix issue, this is not necessarily in order of importance, but this mix issue that we just discussed. Number two could be the outcomes of private pay negotiations. That always has to be on your list, just because of the nature of the economic structure of our business. The third item that I would put on that short list would be our ability to maintain our cost performance, in particular in the area of labor. Were benefiting at some level right now from a loser labor market than weve had in the last few years, and to the extent that tightens up, that will make it more difficult to maintain our cost trends in that area. Certainly, well try as hard as we can, but that would be on my list as well.
Justin Lake - UBS: Got it, and if I could just take one whack at that commercial contract in question, and Ill jump out, can you give us a line of sight on what percentage of your contracts have been negotiated for 2010? I know theres always a potential for you, theyre evergreen and you could walk away, they could walk away, but if that doesnt happen, is it 80% or is it 40%?
Rich Whitney: Yes, you know, I dont have the number, Justin, and I dont want to answer it a guess.
Justin Lake - UBS: Is Ill take your best guess, Rich. Okay.
Rich Whitney: I guess probably since, the last point that you made about the fact that a number of them are evergreen and are not really longer term contracts, I dont know that Id be comfortable answering the question, because it could change at any moment, either because we decide to change it or because the payor decides to change it.
Justin Lake - UBS: Alright, thanks for the help.
Rich Whitney: Thanks, Justin.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor - Citigroup.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Hi, good evening. I missed the comments early in the call I think a question about commercial business being bundled was there any update that you provided or can provide just in terms of percentage of your commercial revenue thats bundled today?
Kent Thiry: No, there was no particular update that we provided its not a number that wed typically disclose in the past other than to say that a bunch of it is bundled and its been a percentage thats been increasing overtime.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay a couple other questions. I guess theres some sensing a fair amount of confidence that some of these significant issues in the bundling proposed rule are going to be fixed, so, I dont want to misspeak, if thats not the case, but can you maybe talk a little bit about how youre involved in the process and kind of where the source of some of the confidence is that some of these significant issues are going to be rectified to a certain extent?
Kent Thiry: I think the way Id clarify our thoughts and feelings is that we are confident theyre going to make some changes, because some of the mistakes are so clear and so big and so consequential. Having said that, could still leave some bad stuff in there and so if you ask if were confident, theyre going to get it to be exactly what Congress wanted, which is 2% savings, with patients well protected, then we have to qualify our answer and say despite our confidence that theyre going give it a really good try, they will know if theyre going get there or not. So thats the distinction between what were very confident about, which is them correcting some of the big problems versus getting it exactly right consistent with the legislation, because thats hard. As for the process of what were doing, in order to try to help them get it right, which is what most CMS folks want to do, Ill let LeAnne answer that.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, we have process with the community because the community is quite aliened here in terms of protecting patients and providers and so theres two coal issue which you probably before which is the kidney care partners, broad coalition of manufacturers, patient groups, physicians, other folks in the community, and that process is working well and very well coordinated, where we bring our concerns together in an organized way and writing a group comment letter to CMS, with the appropriate backup in terms of analytics and legal support and then theres the kidney care council, which is the coalition of providers, again very well coordinated. Again, very good resources does that answer your question?
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Yes and just maybe a couple of follow ups, LeAnne, because I think youre doing a lot of work on this. One when do you expect the final rule, I guess presumably by law they have to issue 90 days before implementation, which could be as late as October of next year, but I think were all hoping, given the amount of changes that we see the final rule well before then. So, when do we see the final rule and what are your thoughts on this slipping past January 1,11 implementation?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Before inform us today I should clarify that gave give us in extra 30 days for the commentary not sure everyone on the fund not that for a comments now are due on December 16 versus November 16, which is good in terms of the data that we have might surprise.  Probably what that does is back up a little where well see the final rule and I dont have a date certain to which they would do that, but probably spring, late spring, would be my best estimate, although Im not good at predicting these things, and as you know, the CMS process can change. As to delay beyond January 1 of 2011, we dont have any indication that they would be trending in that way. I dont know if you have any other data, but we have no evidence that they would be thinking in that direction.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Good afternoon. Great quarter, guys. Maybe just start with and I think I missed this in the prepared remarks, so part of me asking it, but the revenue pretreatment growth drive, you just talk about that and weve seen a couple quarters in a row here of very strong revenue pretreatment growth. Can you give us any sense as to where this is headed in the next few quarters? Are some of those drivers going to continue, in your estimation here in the coming quarters?
Kent Thiry: Okay, Mark, the drivers sequentially in the quarter were an increase in physician prescribed pharmaceuticals, an increase in the EPO ASP and an improvement in our commercial rates and then those items were offset by some deterioration in the private mix, so those were the words that we used to capture the reality. I would say then that as it relates to pharmaceuticals, we have seen pharmaceuticals increase over the last couple of quarters, although I would say its pretty stable at this point, if you look at Q3 and kind of compare to where we ended Q2, doesnt seem to be a lot going on at the moment. Going forward, sort of hard to ask to us predict what our rate trends will be, because it will be two things. It will be our rate trends, and it will be our pharmaceutical intense tees. On the rate trends, all we can tell you what we then experiencing which is normal reasonable increases which is very important for us given the Medicare loss that need to fertilized. On the intensities, as I said stable right now, after handicap. I guess we would say, if anything, maybe a little downward risk.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co.: That was helpful. Just a couple others here, home infusion, I think Darren asked a question about the profitability, but Kent is there any update you can give us on this business just in general, and are you at a point where will you look to maybe grow this business through acquisitions?
Kent Thiry: We would like to grow it, a little bit of history. We bought it, and then the first year promptly some other it with big company attention a pretty embarrassing performance on our part and so year two was one of recovery and we give a lot of credit to the leaders of that group and some of the leaders within the bigger ship DaVita who stepped in and did that and now weve got nice economics, nice clinical out comes were building the organization. Were driving some growth, and so were not prepared to say anything bold, because theres too good a chance we would fail to satisfy anyone downstream, but we are hoping we can ramp up the growth and whether time will turn that into material growth, given the size of the rest of the enterprise, thats for us to try to figure out if we can deliver or not with adequate return on capital. So, were wide open to it and well see what happens.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. One last question and I guess since probably for Rich again. Can you just reconcile the share repurchases and the share count in the quarter and then kind of to the cash flow statement the difference between the 62 million in shares that you repurchased versus what the cash flow statement is kind of showing on the purchase of treasury stock plan?
Rich Whitney: I think the answer to your question is the delay in settlement of the repurchases made in the last days of the quarter. That would be why there would be a difference between what shows up on the cash flow statement and the reported purchases.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great, thank you, guys.
Kent Thiry: Thank you.
Operator: Im showing no further questions at this time, sir.
Kent Thiry: Okay. Well, thank you all very much for your interest in our company, and we will do our best to do well for you in the months and quarters to come. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you all for joining todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rich Whitney - CFO LeAnne Zumwalt - Investor Relations
Analysts: Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Gary Lieberman - Wachovia Kevin Fischbach Sudeep Singh - Deutsche Bank Securities Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities Justin Lake - UBS Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co. John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates Inc. Gary Taylor - Citi Arthur Henderson - Jeffries & Company Chuck Ross
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Deena and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Second Quarter 2009 Investor Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise.  After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star, then the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press the pound key. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. LeAnne Zumwalt. Madam, you may begin your conference.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Thank you, Deena, and welcome, everyone, to our second quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in DaVita. I'm LeAnne Zumwalt with Vice President of Investor Relations. And with me today is Rich Whitney, our Chief Financial Officer. Kent Thiry, our CEO had a death in the family and will not be able to join us.  I would like to start with the forward-looking statement disclosure. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements, which can generally be identified by the content of such statements or the use of forward-looking terminology, and may include statements that do not concern historical facts.  All such forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning the risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings included in our most recent quarterly report and on Form 10-K, our annual report on Form 10-K.  Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements, whether as a result of changes in underlying factors, new information, future events, or other developments. Additionally, our press release and related disclosures includes certain non-GAAP financial measures.  These measures should be considered in addition to the results prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered a substitute for GAAP results. Also included in the press release is a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures.  First, I will view our clinical outcome. We continue to present our clinical outcomes first because that is what comes first. We are first and foremost a caregiver company, serving now approximately 116,000 patients. First, with respect to adequacy, which is essentially how well we are doing at removing the toxins from our patients' blood, again this quarter, 95% of our hemodialysis patients had a Kt/V greater than 1.2.  Second, with respect to vascular access, 63% of our patients have fistulas, the preferred form of vascular access. Third, anemia management, physicians have managed 88% of our patients to hemoglobin levels between 10 and 13 over the last three months. Most importantly, our gross mortality rate for 2008 was 16.5%, an 11% improvement from our 2005 mortality rate of 18.5.  This means that around 2200 more patients were alive at the end of 2008 due to our improvement. For these clinical measures, our patients' outcomes compare quite favorably to national averages. Our superior clinical care not only results in healthier patients, but also drive significant savings to the US healthcare system. I'll now turn the call over to Rich Whitney.
Rich Whitney: Thanks, LeAnne. Q2 was a strong quarter for DaVita clinically, operationally, and financially. In any quarter, a number of small things happen, some favorable, some unfavorable. This quarter, it seems almost everything went favorably. Even excluding this, our fundamental operations were strong. I will come back to the details of our performance in the quarter in a moment, but first, let me begin by answering some key questions about the current environment.  Question number one, what is the status of healthcare reform? As you are all no doubt painfully aware, the discussions regarding the structure of reform and how it will be paid for are very much in flux. At this point, we are not in a position to predict the legislative outcome or its potential impact on our industry.  I will, however, say the obvious. Policies that are likely to decrease the number or rates of private patients are negative for our industry. Policies that are likely to increase the number of private patients would be favorable. Question number two, what is the status of CMS's bundling rules? While we expect to see the preliminary bundling rule sometime in August and right now we and the rest of the industry do not have an ability to offset the 2% reimbursement cut in the bundle.  And further, we're nervous about the bundled rate calculation and fear that it could effectively be a larger than 2% cut. And if so, we would be forced to close some centers. Additionally, the house healthcare reform bill includes a provision that would require oral medications be included in the bundle.  This policy, if implemented, would hurt patients and given that no one could accurately calculate the costs of oral medications, which are not currently reimbursed through part B, this number would be a guess at best. All this said, we are working closely with CMS and congress to ensure that the bundling is implemented as outlined in MIPPA.  Question number three, how is the economy impacting our business? We have seen a slight decline in our percentage of private patients over the past few quarters and to date, this has not had a significant impact on our overall rates as the mix shift has primarily affected lower paying managed care patients.  Okay. Now, back to the details of the quarter, the second quarter was characterized by healthy volume growth, stable private pricing, increased utilization of physician prescribed pharmaceuticals, strong cost controls, and very strong cash flows. Compared to Q2 of last year, revenue was up 8%, operating income up 8%, and EPS up 13% on a 1.6% lower share count.  Non-acquired growth was 4.5%, which is an increase from recent quarters. We are still experiencing significant delays in certification of our de novo centers, currently with 62 completed and awaiting certification. We continue to expect non-acquired growth to be in the range of 4% for the year, as the certification delays may weigh on our growth.  Dialysis revenue increased $3.62 per treatment from Q1. The main contributors to this increase were an increase in physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals, an increase in ASP drug reimbursement rates, and these two items were partially offset by a seasonal decline in lab testing and the small private mix shift that I mentioned.  Dialysis operating expenses increased about $2 per treatment sequentially and this is due to an increase in pharm utilization, higher health benefit costs, and the continued impact of the uncertified de novos. These items were partially offset by a decrease in payroll tax from the seasonally high first quarter, and strong labor productivity and cost control.  If you look at dialysis operating costs year-over-year, they increased about $3 per treatment or 1.3%, and this demonstrates solid cost controls offset by annual wage inflation and higher pharma costs, primarily EPO and heparin pricing. Dialysis G&A was at 7.3% of segment revenue for the quarter and was consistent with the full year of 2008 and with our expectations for fiscal 2009.  During the quarter, we modestly increased our bad debt reserve to 2.75% of revenue in the dialysis segment and this reflects a slowdown in the timing of payments from some of our non government payers. As for cash flow, the latest 12 months operating cash flow of 705 million was exceptionally strong and was favorably impacted by higher operating income, lower cash taxes, primarily resulting from bonus depreciation, and the timing of various working capital items.  We still expect operating cash flow for the year to be in the range of $550 to $600 million as we expect certain working capital items to be a use of cash in the second half of the year. Regarding our outlook, we are narrowing our 2009 operating income guidance range to $900 to $930 million. As you look for the rest of 2009 and into 2010, it may be difficult for us to maintain Q2's operating cost performance.  Also, there is a risk we could experience a more significant private mix decline due to sustained levels of high unemployment, and we face the risk of cuts from state Medicaid plans and other government programs, virtually all of which are looking for budget relief. Our expectations regarding these swing factors are reflected in our operating income guidance range.  Longer term, our operations are solid and we expect to continue the trend of recent years, generating steady growth and strong consistent cash flows. The biggest longer-term risks that we face are the potential for a poorly implemented bundling policy and potential reimbursement discontinuities from healthcare reform.  If either of these factors cause the reimbursement deficit on the government business to grow, this will put increasing pressure on private insurers to subsidize this business. Overall, we are well positioned to offer significant value to patients, physicians, payers, and the government through integrated care management, specialty oral pharma delivery, vascular access care, and pre-dialysis disease management services. This is in fact what payers and government want and something only the large national dialysis companies can deliver.  Operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Rich just wondering if the 3rd op with that bad debt reserve increased to 2.75%, wondering if you could provide a little bit more color? You mentioned the slowdown on the managed care payer side. Are there any specific payers that you guys are bumping into problems with?
Rich Whitney: Yeah, I really can't point to any specific payers. It's, it's almost across the board. And it's a trend we've been watching for a quarter or two and it's obviously been offset by improvements in other areas because our DSO remains stable at 70 days over the last several quarters. But, it's really just a little bit of a slowdown on the non government payer side causing us to boost that provision a little bit.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: And are those in-network or out of network contracts?
Rich Whitney: It wouldn't really make a distinction. I don't think it's a material distinction.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Okay.
Rich Whitney: In this particular issue.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Got it. And then going back to your comments on the bundling rule, I guess, what's your expectation for your market basket increases? I think the house bill included a provision for productivity gains.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yeah, the house bill actually now it is not applicable because in fact the dialysis segment was eliminated. Now that could come back in the senate, but right now where we stand, we expect our market basket to be implemented as permit by market basket minus one.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Got it. And then, Rich, could you help us, provide an update on uses of free cash flow? I guess how you would like to use that?
Rich Whitney: Sure. Our priorities in terms of use of cash remain the same as they have always been, and that is to sort of three priorities in this order. First, investing in profitable growth opportunities, acquisitions and de novos. Second, share repurchases, and third, paying down debt. Regarding growth, as we have stated, virtually all of the MDOs, the midsize dialysis organizations have offered themselves up for sale over the last 18 months or so.  And we are interested in acquiring, should any of them become available at a reasonable price. So that is sort of part of that dynamic in terms of growth. I should mention also, sort of given the current environment as it relates to healthcare reform, the economic environment, capital markets environment, it may be that our appetite would only be for one such transaction instead of multiple transactions.  But nevertheless, we're interested in acquiring and hopefully that will be possible. Secondly, as it regards to share repurchases, again, given all the uncertainties that I just mentioned, we have not been in the market since the early part of the year, and so that's our posture at the moment.  We obviously, as it relates to all of these factors, on allocating our free cash flow, we evaluate them continually. And then finally, regarding debt pay down, you know, as we've said in the past, if we pay down debt now, we can't re-borrow. Certainly can't re-borrow at our current rates.  And so any cash that we currently hold costs us a little bit less than 2% pretax, so it's a pretty cheap option to ensure that we have plenty of cash to take advantage of whatever opportunities might present themselves. So hopefully that gives you a good sense for how we think about it.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Yeah. That's helpful. And then just one last quick question. On the delays you guys we fear still experiencing, a competitor mentioned this morning that it looks like Medicare is going to speed up these certification process. Have you guys heard the same thing, or what's your expectation on that front?
Rich Whitney: We, of course, are working at the federal level and at the state level and we've seen honestly very little progress at this point in time. There was sort of one glimmer of hope in that Texas, which is one of the bigger problem states and had previously said that they would literally not certify any dialysis centers for the balance of 2009, recently came out and said that they would certify 22. Only five of those are DaVita centers, so it's a small glimmer of hope, but at least it's some progress, really nothing else to report on that matter at the moment.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman.
Gary Lieberman - Wachovia: Thanks, good afternoon. I guess maybe just a follow-up on the last question regarding the certification process just to get a little bit more background, if you guys understand it. What is it specifically? Is it just state budgets that they are constrained and they don't have manpower to certify the facilities, or is there something else going on?
Rich Whitney: No, it's exactly what you said.
Gary Lieberman - Wachovia : Okay, and then maybe if you could give us an update on some of the new initiatives and kind of where you are with regards to your expectations for the costs associated with them through this point in the year?
Rich Whitney: Sure. The short story is that they are halfway through the year. They are on track with our plan in aggregate and individually as well. The segment loss for the quarter was about $4 million and right now we're not changing our outlook in terms of what our expectations are for the balance of the year.
Gary Lieberman - Wachovia : Okay, and then I guess just one final question on the cost side of the business, with regards to heparin, is there anything that that you guys are, have done or are trying to do to try to mitigate some of the increased costs of the drug?
Rich Whitney: Yes. First of all, I should note that the maker of heparin Kabi has recently raised its list price by another 30%. And this is on top of four-fold increases from last year coinciding with their gaining a monopoly position on heparin and cumulatively this set of business decisions is one thats going to be, I predict long remembered by the industry. And nevertheless, we continue to work on new protocols to further reduce utilization and in terms of new entry, there has been none yet, but we continue to expect that there will be other alternative suppliers over the course of the next couple of years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Kevin Fischbach].
Kevin Fischbach: I wanted to follow up on your comments on bundling. I guess if I heard correctly, you said that you felt like there was not an ability to offset the 2% rate cut going into bundling in 2011. I wanted to just make sure I had that right.
Rich Whitney: Kevin, it's sort of too early to tell right now. We have, obviously we have clinical teams looking at various opportunities to potentially offset the 2% reimbursement cut without adversely impacting our clinical outcomes. But, there is no magic bullet, and as we sit here right now, we don't have the ability to quickly offset the 2%. And as you think about entering bundling, there are really both risks and opportunities. On the one hand, there's a 2% cut, and on our Medicare revenue, that's about $60 million hit to DaVita.  And CMS could get the bundled reimbursement rate wrong. So the impact could be greater. On the flip side, while we don't yet know how to maintain clinical outcomes while reducing our costs, as we've said in the past, it's our belief that any time you take something from the point that it is essentially free, and there are no trade-offs, and make it an actual cost and require trade-offs, we think that we will be able to innovate and find ways to maintain or improve clinical outcomes and have at the same time lower resource utilization.  And in fact that's what CMS wants. But as we sit here right now, we start out at least 2% behind. So there is certainly going to be a transition period.
Kevin Fischbach: Okay. And then, I guess you mentioned, just thinking about the risk to the bundled rate, or certainly the proposed rate that might be, I have some issues with it when it's proposed. You mentioned the Part D drugs. Are there any other issues that as an industry that you're concerned about that you would highlight that people should be thinking about coming into the wagon and that you want to make sure is fixed in the final rule?
Rich Whitney: Well, of course we haven't seen the draft rule yet. So until we do, it's difficult to say. We're generally just concerned about them getting the number right, using timely and accurate data. And then, in these kinds of rules, there are any number of provisions that could create the opportunity for reimbursement leakage. So things like outlier pools, various risk adjustors and things like that.  There have been a lot of different things talked about. We'll see what ultimately comes out in the proposed rule. And then of course there will be a common period and industry will work with CMS and provide its feedback and the rule will undoubtedly change from preliminary to final. But, as we stand here right now, those are the kinds of things that we are worried about.
Kevin Fischbach: Okay. No, that's helpful. If I'm reading your guidance correctly, looks like for the second half of the year, you're looking for, 443 to 473 in operating income and, just taking Q2 simply and annualizing it, that gets you to the high end of the range right there. I guess you mentioned a couple of things that the quarter a lot of things went well this quarter. And I guess you've mentioned some of the issues facing the second half of the year, but I guess is there anything seasonally besides what you mentioned about managed care rates or, costs going up as the year goes on. I think seasonally in the business that would make Q2 not a good run rate?
Rich Whitney: Well, first of all, Q2 was higher than expected. So that's sort of where you start. We had a really strong quarter on cost controls and labor productivity and we just have a concern about our ability to maintain our momentum there, particularly in the labor area.  So that's the, that's the biggest point. Seasonally, there are a few things. One, there are more treatment days in Q3 and Q4, so that's a positive. And the flip side, our productivity tends to be seasonally lower, meaningless favorable, as we move into Q3 and Q4.  And then as you think about the lower end of our range, it incorporates some impact from an assumed decline in private patient mix as well as some rate pressure on Medicaid and other government programs, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks. That's how we get to the range that we're at.
Kevin Fischbach: Okay, and last question, any reason why you didn't raise the cash flow guidance along with the kind of implied raise in the operating income guidance?
Rich Whitney: Well, it's higher primarily because of working capital changes. If you look at the last 12 months or if you pull out the cash flow statement and look at the year-to-date six months versus the year-to-date from last year, the big part of it is working capital changes. And as we look to the balance of the year, we think that many of those working capital items will be a use of cash. And so, that's the primary reason that we're not changing guidance at this time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich.
Sudeep Singh - Deutsche Bank Securities: It's actually Sudeep Singh calling in for Darren. Thanks for taking my questions. First one, just going to back kind of the managed care environment, maybe if you could just talk about what you're seeing in terms of contracting, if that's changed at all, and how much of your 2010 book you have visibility into it right now?
Rich Whitney: Yeah, nothing in our outlook regarding payers has changed. As you know, at the end of 2007, we had some private rate reductions in a couple of situations. And then since then, we've been achieving modest rate increases, generally consistent with the prior year's performance. And that said we're still in discussions with a couple of large payers and there're really are no material developments to report. And in fact, nothing is eminent either. I guess the final point I would make is that as we've said before, we're absolutely willing to accept some losses of private patients in order to maintain acceptable rates.
Sudeep Singh - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. And then just switching over to kind of your ancillary businesses, could you talk a little bit more about kind of what you're seeing with respect to your DaVita Rx business and kind of the contribution you're seeing from that as it relates to just your overall ancillary segment?
Rich Whitney: Sure. DaVita Rx is our specialty oral pharmaceutical distribution business and it is continuing to grow nicely. It's about a, roughly $150 million run rate business. And we have said in the past that we expect that business to breakeven this year and it's on track.
Sudeep Singh - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, and then with respect to village health, how's the experience been like there? And given kind of everything that's happening down in VC and within CMS, do you really think that kind of village health model can kind of be, the payment model for the future in light of everything that's being discussed right now?
Rich Whitney: Yeah, we certainly think that there are some, some interesting opportunities in that area. As it relates to village health and remember there has been some confusion about this. Remember, village health has a number of different activities, including our special needs plans, including our capitated demonstration projects, both in ESRD and pre-ESRD, as well as our disease management operations for private insurance plans.  So in village health, one development is that we have set about a plan to discontinue our snips special needs plans business at the end of the year. And they have had low enrollments and high administrative costs, and we've just determined that the model is not viable. The demonstration projects in the private insurance disease management continue on and are really delivering some encouraging clinical results.  That leads to your question about whether there are opportunities in VC. We do think that if you look at all the talk around healthcare reform, there's been a lot of discussion about disease management, cost management, and accountable care organizations, et cetera. And we think that we are very well positioned to participate in those kinds of reforms within the dialysis business, and given the investments that we've made in integrated care management, whether it be within village health, whether it be our oral pharmacy business, whether it be our vascular access management business, et cetera, et cetera.  And so we look forward to discussions with the government and other payers about how we can bring those capabilities to bear.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andreas Dirnagl.
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities: Thanks guys. First of all, our condolences to Kent, but Rich, you should know that you've been very Kent-like so far on the call.
Rich Whitney: He'll be happy to hear that and I'll pass along your thoughts to him.
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities: Great, just a couple of questions. I just want to make sure that I'm hearing you correctly in terms of what you said so far in terms of what's going on with private payer rates. You said, as you said for a couple of quarters, that you're willing to lose some volume if rate pressure is too high from the private payers, but just be clear, you haven't had that to date in a significant way, correct?
Rich Whitney: Correct.
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities: Okay, and then also, we've been hearing obviously private rate pressure has been a concern for a while. But, clearly given the results in the quarter so far, I don't think there's anything you can sort of point out and say that is specifically sort of driven by that but now I guess we're starting to hear maybe you're getting a little bit of a mix shift because of the economy.  Is that less from current patients losing their coverage and more from sort of new patients as they roll on, perhaps having a slightly lower private mix shift because of the fact that they don't have coverage?
Rich Whitney: Yes, more new patients.
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities: Okay, good. Just quickly then on the de novos, clearly it's a frustration. Is it at all impacting sort of your de novo development plans, or are you just continuing to go forward at the same rate and they will get certified whenever they get certified?
Rich Whitney: Yeah, Andreas, it certainly is factoring into our decisions that we make on our de novo development plan, but it's state by state because it's not an equal problem in all states. In fact, some states are certifying along the same timetables they always have. So we are taking it into account when we decide whether to move forward with a project or not.
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities: So, maybe you're basically seeing a little bit of a geographic shift in terms of where you're focusing.
Rich Whitney: Yeah, and remember, the pipeline is from project planning and execution, et cetera, takes some time. So some of the centers we're opening right now have been in the planning works for quite sometime.
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities: Okay.
Rich Whitney: We are in terms of evaluating our investments, we are taking into account our best view as to the time delay.
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities: Sure, and then sort of maybe final question from me. In terms of that evaluation on investments, the term often gets banded around. Rich, can you sort of define what you would define an MDO as in terms of maybe patient count?
Rich Whitney: I don't have a specific definition for you, but there is about a half dozen of them. LeAnne, do you happen to know what the range of patients is? 
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities: A guess would be fine.
Rich Whitney: Yeah, up to 12,000 and as small as a few thousand.
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities: Okay. So here's the question. It's been clear that you guys have very clear parameters in terms of what you want to utilize your cash for, and you outlined it again in terms of growth opportunities, share repurchases and debt. Where you maybe hearing some frustration from me and from investors, is while that's good in theory, you guys haven't done anything significantly on any of those fronts in a while.  You've now got over half $0.5 billion of cash on the balance sheet, which is enough to purchase one of those MDOs for 100% cash, which you likely wouldn't do. That's not even taken into account the ability to lever up that cash. So the question really becomes, this is not an issue that's going to go away.  The cash continues to build, and even with your sort of more muted outlook for cash flow for the second half of the year, that cash balance is still going to continue to grow. Where does it hit a point where you've got to do something with that cash rather than just letting it collect a percent or two in the bank?
Rich Whitney: Okay, fair question. Again, the levels you're seeing right now I think are a little bit artificially high because of the timing issues. Nevertheless, as you think about use of cash, why haven't we done a deal, because we haven't been able to find one at a price that we deem to be reasonable. And so we're being patient and disciplined and hopefully we will find situation where the price we think is reasonable is viewed as reasonable on the other side as well.  So we continue to work hard on that but we haven't yet found that situation that works for both sides. As it relates to share repurchases, remember, we've bought back about a quarter of a billion dollars of stock over the last 12 months or so, and so it's not that we haven't been doing any.  Our posture in the last four or five months has been more cautious, as one would expect given the amount of uncertainty down in DC, in particular. And then debt paydown, I mean we could just pay down the debt, which wouldn't be a bad idea, given that we have maturities coming in '11 and '12, but as we've said, we can't reborrow it at anywhere near the same rates. So for the time being, it seems to be sensible for us to hold the cash as opposed to choosing to pay down the debt. I don't know if that answers your questions, Andreas.
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities: It certainly helps. I mean as an aside, I think it's clear that that debt repayment certainly is not an issue. Maybe just to end, can you remind us where your current repurchase stands in terms of what you can still spend?
Rich Whitney: I think it's around $150 million. We'll check the number and give you an exact one. Although obviously those can be changed at any time, so I don't know that it's necessarily a meaningful number.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake.
Justin Lake - UBS: First question, just on the bundle, I want to make sure I understand. You outlined in your comments, the bundle is going to include a 2% cut. I just want to make sure, is there anything in the legislative language that gives CMS the authority to go beyond that?
Rich Whitney: No. In fact, it specifically needs to be budget neutral.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Well, I would add to that.
Rich Whitney: Minus 2%.
LeAnne Zumwalt: However, pharma utilization will be set at the lowest of '07, '08, '09. So in fact, it could be lower as you enter bundling because of that adjustment on pharma utilization.
Justin Lake - UBS: Then if you think about the rate that's going to come out, I think there's some concerns in the market as far as the rate being somewhere below, let's just call it an average Medicare rate in the $240 range. Can you talk about the secondary pieces as far as may be outliers or rural adjustments that might be included there and how that could affect you?
LeAnne Zumwalt: CMS does have some flexibility in the area. We know that they will develop an outlier policy. They could expand the case mix adjustors, so there's patient elements and those two would be in the category of patient adjustments. They also have the flexibility to implement some facility adjustments. One that they would have to implement is low volume, high cost. So it was defined in the MIPPA legislation, but they could divide some other adjustors. So we're going to be careful to watch those and analyze how those pools of money are set aside and how they might impact any base rate that comes out. So I think it's going to be all of us doing a little bit of work to just understand how the different adjustors interact with the base rate.
Justin Lake - UBS: If you think about those adjustors, is there anything about your subset of facilities as far as whether it's low volume, high outlier facilities that might look different versus the average in the country?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Well, with 116,000 patients, we're probably generally going to be, patient characteristic wise, probably pretty similar to national averages. However, on a facility basis, I think there can be some differences. We operate in California at a very high cost state. There is a geographic wage adjustor that's existed and will continue to exist, so some of those things can favor one organization versus another. In general, we'll just have to take a look at it and see how we come out.
Justin Lake - UBS: So rural facilities, things like that, you have a similar?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes. We do.
Justin Lake - UBS: Then just lastly, on this subject at least, the comment period. How long do you expect that to run for?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Well, most comment periods are 60 days.
Justin Lake - UBS: Right.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Have asked for a longer period, and so we will hope that CMS will grant that. This is a very complex rule. So, I think it's going to take probably longer than 60 days for most organizations to be able to get their hands around it.
Justin Lake - UBS: Just one last question on the payer mix shift. To the extent that you're seeing it occur in new patients rather than existing, I would assume any change there is going to take a while to really get into the run rate as far as affecting your overall mix. Is that the right way to think about it?
Rich Whitney: I think so, yes.
Justin Lake - UBS: Can you give us an idea, I mean if we think about the 13% that you report as private pay, how much different is that number on new patients that you're seeing right now?
Rich Whitney: Well, let me come at it a different way just to give you a sense for magnitude of what we're talking about. Our mix of non-government patients used to round up to 13% and now it rounds down to 12%. So, that's sort of the magnitude of the shift that we've seen over time. Again, up until now, it hasn't had a significant impact on our revenue per treatment, because the mix shift has really been focused on the lower paying end of the business.
Justin Lake - UBS: What period of time is that, Rich?
Rich Whitney: Last few quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Arnold.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co.: I just have a few follow-up questions I guess, as most of mine have been answered. Just back to the cash balance question, maybe to ask it a different way, what level is too much cash on your balance sheet, Rich?
Rich Whitney: Well, I don't know how to answer that, because we are constantly evaluating the different opportunities to utilize our cash. So, what might be an adequate level at one time could very well not be an adequate level or be too much theoretically at another time. So I'm not really sure how to answer that. As we sit here right now, we are comfortable with the level of cash that we have on hand in part, because it's higher than we expect it to be as the year progresses. Secondly, because as we look at our opportunities, our view right now is that it's more prudent for us to hold onto our cash as opposed to paying too much for an acquisition or buying back more of our stock ahead of a fair amount of uncertainty in Washington. The good news is that it only costs us a little bit less than 2% pre-tax to hold onto the cash. So, it's just a very cheap option on liquidity. Again, we have to remember that our debt structure is at, we almost top ticked the market in terms of the financing bubble, if you will, and so our rates are very attractive and we wouldn't want to pay down a bunch of debt and then have to reborrow it at higher levels or have to redo our financing structure in order to allow for reborrowing.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Understand. The bulk of your senior debt doesn't mature till I believe it's 2012. So to what extent, are you able or willing to look in or to lock in your floating rate debt at those LIBOR rates, the low LIBOR rates we're experiencing today?
Rich Whitney: We are just to give you a couple of facts. Right now, we are 64% fixed, and if you net our cash, which is the natural hedge, then it's more like 79% or 80% fixed. So we are willing obviously to fix some amount of debt. The percentage of our bank debt that's swapped right now is about 30% and we have a little less than $190 million of swaps that roll off in the back half of the year. So our percentage of fixed absent doing any new hedging transactions would trend down over the course of the year. So that's just a little bit of background facts. In terms of our posture on hedging, we feel like the mix of fixed versus floating right now is fine and obviously you can't lock in today's whatever it is, 40 basis points of LIBOR forward. The curve obviously goes up from there. Further, I guess the last point is that we're not that many years away from the maturity on the bank debt, and so our ability to hedge is limited. We literally could only hedge until 2012 and that would come with some risk because you never wait until the maturity to refinance your debt. So that's kind of a limiting factor on how much hedging would be prudent to do as well, but we've generally had the posture of having a mix of fixed and floating as opposed to trying to predict whether rates will move above or below the forward curve on LIBOR rates.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co.: One last clarifying question. There's been a number of questions about the bundle. I guess just the way that you phrased it in your prepared remarks, where you said that the concerns about the impact from the bundle of being greater than the 2% mandated cut. I think this is the first time you guys have really talked about concerns as it relates to that. Is there anything that's happened recently that makes you more worried about the cuts extending beyond just 2%? Or is this just we're getting closer to the point where that proposed rule is going to be released and it's one of the areas of concern for the industry?
Rich Whitney: It's really the latter. So anytime you have a big reimbursement change like this, it's always a risk that they get the number wrong or that there's leakage because of some of these provisions that LeAnne mentioned earlier. So I think that's generally a concern when reimbursement changes the way it is or when you move to a perspective payment system. So we've always had the concern. It's just getting closer now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Ransom.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates Inc.: You made a comment in your prepared remarks about some concern about Medicaid rates. Could you perhaps give us an update on which states have not yet set your rates for the state fiscal year beginning July 1?
Rich Whitney: Well, there's a laundry list of states that are actively considering cuts, some of which have implemented cuts. I think it would be fair to say virtually every state has budget pressures. So I don't know that it would be productive to go down the list, because it's literally well over a dozen that are in very active stages of proposed cuts.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates Inc.: It's a little odd because most of the companies who have reported seem to be fairly satisfied with kind of 2009-2010 rates have been set and that states they [rest lose] in the 57% matching funds when they start cutting Medicaid. Then some states providers have successfully sued for below cost rate increases. So it's unusual, dialysis will be singled out among all the other single services.
Rich Whitney: I don't know. If you want, you can catch up with us afterwards and we can take you through the list of states that have pending proposals, some that have had implemented proposals and others that are considering. We obviously have a very active state legislative team that works on all these issues. As well, in addition to the state Medicaid programs, there's other government programs, I mean literally every government program is under budget pressure. So to give you another example, veterans administration, for which we have reasonable number of patients has bantered back and forth on the potential cut and it's unclear whether that will actually happen or not, but that's sort of throw that in with the Medicaid as being an area that is of some near-term concern. I should reiterate, as I think I've said that our view on these matters is incorporated into the guidance that we have for the balance of the year.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates Inc.: So in terms of what might get "worse" from the second quarter, because obviously you guys put up a wonderful quarter. You mentioned the state Medicaid. You mentioned maybe the cost containment, the cost control efforts may not be there in such intensity. Is there anything else that we should think about back half of the year?
Rich Whitney: I would say it's maintaining our cost management momentum, in particular labor productivity, which was strong this quarter and Medicaid and other government programs. I guess the third thing that we did mention was to the extent that we see a more significant erosion in the private.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates Inc.: Okay.
Rich Whitney: Yes. That trend continues and/or gets more significant. That would be the other factor that would lead to us be more cautious about the back half of the year than to just say take the current number and grow it from there.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates Inc.: Just drill down on some of the things you guys said historically about the private market. In the past, you've mentioned pressure from midsize chains in certain markets kind of forcing you to go in-network or take network pricing at lower rates. Is that pressure abated at all, or is that still something you guys wrestle with daily?
Rich Whitney: I don't think we've ever said that. We certainly have competition in lots of our markets, but I think that our view is that literally every significant provider understands that there is a significant deficit in terms of the reimbursement versus our costs on the government side. That's 87% to 88% of our business. The private rates on the balance have to be sufficient to offset that government deficit in order for the business to work. I think everyone pretty much understands that. So I don't know that we've said in the past that we've had pressure from competition to do one thing or another with the payer.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates Inc.: That was a big comment at their capital markets today. I just didn't know if that was one of those things that had abated recently because you guys have not mentioned it. Have the losses from Village Health and specialty, has your view changed on that mid-year from where you were at the beginning of the year?
Rich Whitney: No. We are on plan.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates Inc.: One of your competitors talks about a global dialysis bundle or even take all the costs of dialysis patients, I know you guys have the demonstration project, but what's your longer-term view on a global Medicare bundle and do you think the government is serious about that or do you think that's more theoretical at this point in time?
Rich Whitney: I think it's possible. I think that it seems to us, it would be a sensible way to manage this patient population, both from a clinical standpoint and an economic standpoint. Obviously, there's a lot of challenges to get from where we are today to there, but the implementation of the bundling system is in some ways a step towards more integrated care. So I know we have to have a longer-term view I think, but within the context of a longer-term view, I think that it's quite possible that we could see movement towards that area. In fact, dialysis may be one of those segments that's best positioned to ultimately deliver on the promise of the integrated care. People have been talking about this for two decades now. This is a business that's highly consolidated and mature and has a couple of significant companies that have the scale and wherewithal and are increasingly investing in the capabilities to be able to deliver on integrated care. So, no, we think that's real. Does that means that something would change with Medicare, which is obviously the biggest customer and the one that would have to make a move for it to ever be significant? Do we think that would happen this year? That seems unlikely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor.
Gary Taylor - Citi: I missed the first three or four minutes. So, Rich, I don't know, did you quantify the payer mix shift in terms of impact on the revenue per treatment in the quarter, or did you just give it in terms of the percent of patient mix?
Rich Whitney: Gary, the first three or four minutes is when we gave all of the pertinent information.
Gary Taylor - Citi: I know. I missed every comments, everything.
Rich Whitney: We did not quantify it. We sort of characterized it as having a small impact and the reason why to-date the impact has been relatively small is that the mix shift appears to be disproportionately impacting the lower end of our non-government mix, lower end meaning the lower rate and as you know, we've been saying for, I don't know, three quarters now that this is an area that we're watching and an area that in our view is a risk, if the US continues the period of sustained high levels of unemployment and people continue to lose their insurance.
Gary Taylor - Citi: Is the disproportion impact on the lower rate, is there something intuitive about that being service industry job loss and the benefits being less rich or the rates being lower? Is there something intuitive about that or just coincidence?
Rich Whitney: We have a number of hypotheses, but we don't really know.
Gary Taylor - Citi: On the G&A, I think my model only goes back 10 or 12 years, but I don't think I've ever seen a 9.5% of revenue in G&A and it jumped about $16 million sequentially. Did I miss something on that as you talk about where on a dollar basis you think that G&A number goes?
Rich Whitney: I think you may have missed something. Our all-in percentage was 8.7% in Q2. And that was down from 8.8% in Q1. We also reported for the dialysis segment, which is often more meaningful, and in Q2 that was 7.3%, down from 7.4% in Q1.
Gary Taylor - Citi: Okay.
Rich Whitney: So, you know, as we've said before, we continue to focus on getting leverage at that line item and we've actually made them making some pretty good progress over the course of the last few years, and we'll continue to work away at it going forward.
Gary Taylor - Citi: Yeah, just an error in my model. Sorry for that and then again on the gross margin, it looked very, very good, much better sequentially, which seems a little atypical and you really just talked about labor productivity driving that nothing else there really unusual helping you there?
Rich Whitney: Yeah. When you say gross margin, if you mean patient care costs?
Gary Taylor - Citi: Yeah, or the inverse of that so yeah.
Rich Whitney: The trend there was the patient care cost for 68.6% in the quarter of revenue. And sequentially that was down from 68.8%. So it was a small improvement, and on a per treatment basis, it was actually up about 0.9% sequentially. Then year-over-year, which is usually the way we look at it, it was up about 1.3% from the same quarter last year. And that's reflective of, obviously labor, normal labor rate increases as well as higher pharmaceutical costs. So we had EPO price increases and heparin price increases during that time period.
Gary Taylor - Citi: Okay. Last question--
Rich Whitney: And a lot of that was offset by some solid cost management.
Gary Taylor - Citi: Last question, when would this Kabi price increase impact you? I was thinking you had price protection kind of through the middle of this summer. So would the next couple quarters be impacted by that rate increase?
Rich Whitney: Yeah, it was effective June 30. And, no, we don't have price protection that extended beyond that.
Gary Taylor - Citi: Can you refresh us on what your quarterly heparin spend is on a dollar basis?
Rich Whitney: Yeah, we've never disclosed that. We don't typically disclose line item expenses such as that.
Gary Taylor - Citi: All right. 
Rich Whitney: Let me try to be a little bit helpful, though. I can say that since the significant price increases were implemented last year, we've made very good progress in driving down utilization in that area. And so, while it's still a negative for us, it's nowhere near the, that kind of impact as it was the first time around when the price increases came through.
Gary Taylor - Citi: [Personius] is talking about potentially using Citrasate as a substitute for heparin. Do you guys have any comment on that yet, is that something you've looked at, that that may be in the bucket of opportunities here?
Rich Whitney: Yeah, in fact, LeAnne is very close to that. So, LeAnne, why don't you--
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yeah, so we are working with FMC on a pilot to test adding Citrasate to the dialysis, which could lower our dependence on heparin, but it wouldn't eliminate it completely, but it certainly has a potential to make a nice reduction and will work with them to see if we can get it implemented.
Rich Whitney: That would be one example of the things we're working on, we have a number of initiatives that we're working on to try to continue to make progress in that area.
Gary Taylor - Citi: If that pilot was successful, where we talking six months from now, nine months from now, where you might actually be in a position to benefit from that? Any thought on the timeframe?
Rich Whitney: I think it's too soon to speculate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Art Henderson.
Arthur Henderson - Jeffries & Company: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Most of them have already been answered, but I was just curious, are you planning on having a conference call when this proposal, this bundled proposal comes out to discuss it? Or what should we look for from you during that point in time? Are you just going to kind of hunker down and figure it all out and respond to the proposal and that's it? Or is it going to be something more active with the street?
Rich Whitney: We don't have any plans for a conference call right now. We don't really know when it's going to come out. Maybe it will be partly dependent upon that. It would take us some time to be able to say anything intelligent or semi intelligent about the rule. So we'll just have to see when it comes out and how that falls with our normal sort of scheduled communication with the street.
Arthur Henderson - Jeffries & Company: Okay, that's fair. Rich in, your opening remarks, and I kind of caught the tail end of what you were saying. You were talking about the bundle and the oral medications and I was wondering if you could just go back over that one more time just in terms of what that issue is.
LeAnne Zumwalt:  Well, the house bill -- this is LeAnne include some expansion of oral medications or allows for the extension of oral medications into the bundle. The difficulty that we see is for CMS really to be able to properly size that opportunity and see current patient trends with respect to orals. Number of issues I could go through, but the kind of the top couple are one, as you know, only a fraction of the Medicare beneficiaries are in the Part D program.  So they don't have data on everyone and they'd be bringing in and covering a benefit for people who are in the private sector today or don't have coverage. So they will have a limited universe. They will look at older data most likely. They don't have the current data, and both compliance rates and penetration rates, and in fact, even the price increases from the manufacturers themselves over the last year would make the review challenging and actually the answer quite different if you had current facts versus old facts. So that's our concern. And if you short change that it really will have a negative impact on patients.
Arthur Henderson - Jeffries & Company: Okay. That's helpful. Okay. And then lastly, the MSP extension talks, are they pretty much off the table with what's happening, with reform on Capitol Hill or is it still kind of out there loosely being discussed?
Rich Whitney: I wouldn't say that it's off the table or on the table as we sit here right now. I think if you step back from it, we think that it's very good policy. You know, if we can pay for at a time when the government needs significant pay-forwards, and I mean it's also good policy, I think we've said this in the past, but it's worth repeating, it's also good policy because our patients are uniquely discriminated against. You think about it, the paying your insurance, private insurance premium for years or decades even and then at the time that you need it most, you become a dialysis patient, then your benefit only lasts for 30 months. So, you know, we think that's really a form of discrimination that does not make sense and is really not fair. In addition, in extending the time that private insurers are responsible for dialysis patients we think it would encourage more investment in preventive care and wellness programs and the like.  And this provide more incentive for payers to want to engage in disease management type of activities with providers and others. So, it's difficult to predict the politics in any one year. So we usually stay away from it. But, we still think the likelihood is reasonably high that it will happen over the next few years.
Arthur Henderson - Jeffries & Company: Yeah, okay. All right that's fair. And then last question and I'll jump out. On the de novo certification, obviously you're waiting for that but I think you mentioned in your commentary that perhaps that could slow your velocity of doing those. Your guidance on that issue from a CapEx perspective hasn't changed as of yet, that's correct?
Rich Whitney: Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Chuck Ross].
Chuck Ross: Hello. Forgive me if I missed this. Do you give CapEx and kind of acquisition expectations, dollar amounts for the year?
Rich Whitney: We have not changed them from the guidance that we gave earlier in the year and that guidance was $100 million, approximately $100 million for maintenance CapEx and approximately $250 million for acquisitions and de novos combined. And of course that second bucket in particular is sort of always, the caveat always is it's really depends upon the availability of attractive investment opportunities. But nevertheless we're on track for both of those numbers right now. As it relates to de novo, kind of following up on the last question, our guidance there is to do around the same number that we did last year, which was 87.  We haven't changed that guidance as we sit here right now. And we opened 41 through the first six months of the year. So we're roughly speaking on track with that original guidance.
Chuck Ross: Okay. One of the big reasons you're not buying back stock or interested in making a number of midsized acquisitions is the uncertainty with healthcare. Why, then are you willing to invest $250 million in acquisitions in de novo, given that uncertainty? In other words, why wouldn't you pull way back on those two?
Rich Whitney: Yeah, well, we are interested in doing acquisitions, both in sort of the normal one see-two see acquisitions, as well as the possibility of acquiring a midsize dialysis organization. A comment that we made was that given the uncertainty, it may be that we would only be interested in one as opposed to multiple acquisitions of midsize organizations.  And that's really reflective of cash that we have on hand, the maturities that we have and our debt structure, as well as the uncertainties in the capital markets and the economy and healthcare reform. So it was a bit of an off the cuff comment, but I think it's sort of accurate in terms of capturing the way that we're thinking about acquisitions right now. 
Chuck Ross: Okay. I guess my point is that you're interested in doing some acquisitions to some extent you're interested in continuing to do de novos, so you're willing to spend 250 million there, but yet you're not willing to buy back stock. I would think that the uncertainty of healthcare reform, if it's applicable to buying back your stock, would also be applicable to that. So why spend 250 on the one, but not the other?
Rich Whitney: Yeah, well, we're always evaluating the different alternatives, both in the absolute and against each other. And typically we lean more towards spending capital, all else being equal, on acquisitions than we do on buying back our own stock, although we have historically done a lot of both.  And the reason why the priority is in the order that it is, is because acquisitions not only presumably deliver a financial return, they also have an impact on your strategic position, whether it's improving your local market position or network or whether it's generating regional scale economies or whatever the case may be. So that's why it's in the priority of order that it's in. I don't know. Have I answered your question?
Chuck Ross: Partially. I guess what I'm trying to get at is, the uncertainty which is keeping you from buying back stock I would think would apply just as much to acquisitions in de novos. So why are you still willing to do acquisitions in de novos with the big uncertainty of healthcare reform?
Rich Whitney: Because it's not an all or nothing thing. It's an on the margin thing about how aggressive you're willing to get on one or the other. And once again, I think it's important to note that we did spend a quarter of billion dollars buying back our stock not that long ago. So it's not that we haven't chosen to use some of our cash for that activity, and we've also chosen to use some of it for acquisitions. And we have chosen to hang on to some of it in the hopes that we'll have good opportunities in the coming quarters.
Chuck Ross: Yeah. The great thing about DaVita is the cash just keeps coming, so the 250 that you spend on share buybacks, we're right back asking you for more because the cash keeps pouring in. Have you slowed at all the de novo process? In other words, I understand that you have to go out there and it takes a while to find the right site to get one up and running. It's not something you decide to do a month before it opens. Has there been any slowing in the process? I know you're not going to give us 2010 guidance, but should we expect there to be any slowing in the de novo process, or no?
Rich Whitney: I would say that we are placing more emphasis and scrutiny on our investments in light of the certification delays, again, it is very state-specific. But nevertheless, because of that, I would say it's fair to think about there being some, some decline in that trend, although right now, I wouldn't predict it would be meaningful.
Operator: You have another question from the line of Andreas Dirnagl
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities: There's been a lot of chatter in the market about the bundle and that it might be released eminently. I just wanted to sort of make sure, I mean there are timeframe that you're thinking of? I know it's hard to predict the exact date, but is it a sooner rather than later event, or--
Rich Whitney: For the announcement of the rules?
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities: Yeah.
Rich Whitney: We gave that answer in the first three minutes, Andreas. We think its our belief is that it's going to be an August event, but we really don't know. There were rumors it was going to come out a few days ago. There were rumors it was delayed until mid-August. So, we don't know for sure, but it is our anticipation that it will be coming out before the end of the summer.
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities: Okay, great. Maybe this is a naive question that I just need to be educated on, but how do you set a rate when 2009 isn't done yet and 2009 is one of the years that is going to be included?
Rich Whitney: Great question.
LeAnne Zumwalt: We want the answer to that one, too. I'm sure that with the final rule, be updating for the most current trends. It's clear that it would be difficult for us or CMS or anyone to estimate 2009 utilization, for example, so we have to rely on the fact that they do update the bundle as they should, and we'll certainly work with them to help them understand those trends.
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities: Great. I just thought I was missing something. Thank you very much.
Operator: And you do have another question from the line of Justin Lake.
Justin Lake - UBS: My follow up has been answered. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And if there is any more questions, please press star, then the number one on your telephone keypad. And I'm currently showing no questions at this time.
Rich Whitney: Great, thank you, operator. Thank you all for your continued interest in DaVita. And we look forward to talking to you again in three months.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Richard K. Whitney - Chief Financial Officer LeAnne Zumwalt - Investor Relations
Analysts: Justin Lake - UBS Gary Lieberman - Wachovia Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co. Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co. Andreas Dirnalg - Stephens Inc. David MacDonald - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey John Ransom - Raymond James Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Adams Jack Ruff - Inside Investor
Operator: Good morning. My name is Patrick and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the first quarter DaVita conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator's instruction) Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to LeAnne Zumwalt. 
LeAnne Zumwalt: Thank you, Patrick. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our first quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in DaVita. I am LeAnne Zumwalt, and with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO, and Rich Whitney, our CFO. I will start the forward-looking statement disclosure. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements which can generally be identified by the content of such statement or the use of forward-looking terminology and includes statements that do not concern historical facts. All such forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statement. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements, whether as a result of changes in underlying factors, new information, future events, or other developments. Additionally, our Press Release and related disclosures include certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures should be considered in addition to the results prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered a substitute for GAAP results. Also included in the Press Release is a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. I will now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our CEO.
Kent Thiry: Okay, thank you LeAnne and welcome to all of you. Thank you for your interest. It was another solid quarter. I will provide review of one, clinical results; two, the economic and product policy environment and three, talk a little bit about the 2009 forecast and some longer term outlook perspective. First, clinical results, we would present them first. Now, this what comes first. We are a care-giving Company serving nearly 114,000 patients at this point. With respect to adequacy which is essentially how well we are doing in removing toxins from our patient's blood, this quarter we once again had 95% of our hemodialysis patients with a Kt/V review greater than 1.2. Second, with respect to vascular access, we know have 62 plan of our patients with fistulas placed received analysis. Fistulas has been the preferred form of vascular access as many of you know, and third in the area of anemia management, we now have 87% of our patients between hemoglobin levels between 10 and 13 over the last three months across all modalities. These and other clinical measures compared very favorably to national averages. I would like to try to anticipate a few questions you may have just to make this maximally efficient for you. Question number one potentially is how is unemployment affecting our pair mix? To date, there has not been an impact. There are some reasons why this is not surprising for our segment and we would go over those again in Q&A if you would like as Rich did last quarter. Now that said, we also want to repeat what we said last quarter that no one is totally insulated from an economic recession and we are likely to see some impact if the recession continues for a long time and as was discussed in the last quarter, the offset to any of that is this also means that competitive wages equal lower numbers in this world than it would have in a healthier economic world. Question number two, what benefit would the dialysis received from any expansion coverage for the uninsured? The answer is simple. It would be a positive if we increase the number of insures with private insurance and neutral if the expansion were entirely Medicare. Question three, what about that public insurance option? What would that do? Well, if it would decrease the number of people in private insurance plan, that would be negative unless they paid the similar rates to what private insurance companies certainly pay and as many of you know that to wages and lively fashion in the capital as we speak. Question number four, what about potential impact of patients being able to elect Medicare at a younger age? Well, in our segment that is already the case that people can elect Medicare at a younger age. So, something else would have to change in the dynamic but that is irrelevant. The fifth and final question, does the government realize that this segment relies on private patients to subsidize Medicare patients? And the answer is to a little bit of extent, yes. It has been getting better at educating them with each passing year. Our job is to continue that endeavor in the next few months because the fact is if we lost any significant number of private patients, there will be a bunch of dialysis centers that would close because we are a single DRG business with 85% to 90% of centers being discrete and so the good news is the government realizes that you cannot get it wrong in our case because there is no averaging across a whole bunch of procedures, a whole bunch of pair advices, a whole bunch of DRGs. There is just one thing that we do in a lot of small discrete centers. Lastly, under the 2009 outlook, the short characterization is that it is unchanged. We do have to confirm our guidance to reflect current changes and the coming practices and Rich will describe the specifics of that in his section. Private reimbursement and government policy are the big swing factors and on the private side, we have prepared to accept the patient losses in order to maintain private rates that is sufficient to us that that Medicare deficit, and we have been saying this of course now for several quarters, so for we not had to incur any patient losses in order to maintain adequate private rates but we are prepared to. So, absently thread of any major government policy this continuity right now, a lot of things are going right and we should continue to generate healthy growth and cash flow. Rich?
Richard K. Whitney: Thanks, Kent. The first quarter was characterized by consistent volume growth, stable private pricing as Kent mentioned and strong cash flows. Year-over-year, treatments per day up 5%, revenue up 7.7%, operating income of 7.2%, earnings per share of 15% and our balance sheet continues to be strong with 2.8 times net leverage and approximately $400 million of cash on hand. Now, a few more details about these results. In Q1, we had the typical seasonal decline in treatment days as Q1 had three fewer treatment days than Q4. Non-acquired growth in the quarter was 4.0% consistent with recent quarters. As of late April, we had about 53 centers completed in a waiting certification. So, the good news here is that the number has not grown over the past three months; the bad news is that we are still experiencing significant delays in certification of our de novo centers which is impacting our non-acquired growth. We continue to expect non-acquired growth of around 4% for the year. Dialysis revenue increased about $4 per treatment sequentially from Q4. About $1.50 of the increase was due to the 1% Medicare composite rate increase and the ASP changes both effective January 1st. Another $1.50 per treatment relates to a lab Medicare rate increase, also effective January 1st and seasonally higher lab testing in Q1. The remainder, about $1 a treatment was due to private rate increases and CPI increases on contracts partially offset by a decrease in physician-prescribed Epogen. As we had expected and noted in our capital markets presentation in February, EPO utilization did decline from Q4. However, as we exited the quarter, it was turning back up and right now where we are is about a few percent lower than where we were in Q4. Dialysis operating expense increased about $3.60 per treatment sequentially, about 2/3 of this increase was labor, the majority of that related to high payroll taxes in Q1, a seasonal effect that we see every year. The balance of the increase was primarily the impact of spreading fixed operating expenses over fewer treatment days in the quarter, offset somewhat by lower physician-prescribed EPO. On a year-over-year basis, operating cost increased by about $5.70 per treatment or about 2.5% due to the normal labor increases across the year, somewhat offset by improvements in productivity, higher pharma cost primarily EPO and heparin pricing increases, cost related to the higher number of new and uncertified centers and one fewer treatment day in 2009 versus 2008 which was a leap year. Dialysis GNA at 7.4% of segment revenue was consistent with the full year 2008 and with our expectations for 2009. As for the adoption of FAS 160, as we noted in our press release, this quarter we implemented FAS 160 which relates to the accounting from minority interest which is now called non-controlling interest. This has changed the geography of certain items on our financial statements but did not impacted DaVita's net income or earnings per share. The two most important changes to point out, non-controlling interest is now reported below the operating income line on the P&L and on the cash flow statement, distributions to minority partners have moved from operating cash flow down to cash flow from financing activities. So, this adoption had the effect of increasing our Q1 reported operating income by approximately $12 million and increased our Q1 operating cash flow by approximately $14 million as compared to our previous reporting. All previous periods have been adjusted for comparability. For more details, please refer to the reconciliations to our previous accounting methodology contained in our Q1 earnings release. Now, as for guidance, adjusting for new accounting presentation, our 2009 operating income guidance is now $870 million to $930 million. Excluding the accounting change, our guidance remains unchanged. Similarly, our 2009 operating cash flow guidance is now in the range of $550 million to $600 million. Again adjust for the accounting change, the guidance on operating cash flow remains the same. Finally after incorporating this x of FAS 160, our effective tax rate for 2009 is now expected to be 37% to 38%. Again, no change fundamentally from the previous guidance of 39.5% to 40.5%, just the change in the way the calculation works with minority interest now being below the pre tax line on the P&L. I will now hand the call back over to Kent for a few closing remarks before Q&A.
Kent Thiry: Okay, thanks Rich. Another solid quarter, equally important, our operating and offensive capability is getting stronger each quarter. However, the biggest questions are healthcare reform and private pair activity and let us just step back a little bit on those big ones. Without predicting exact timing, the pair world is now moving irreducibly and steadily towards broader bundles of integrated care. It just is and it is no longer long-term futuristic. This will be very much to our advantage. There are three reasons for that; One, our size. Two, our share and three, the capabilities that we have been working on for the past few years with CMS and with the private insures. I will just give two examples. We have a globally competitive at-risk demo project with the government that has been running for over three years with over 400 members, $32 million annual revenue that achieved substantial cost savings compared to fee-for-service Medicare using rigorous actuarial payables, hit 20 of 23 CMS defined quality incentive, reduced capital usage by 35% in an area where they were already around the national average, has happier patients and happier physicians. It is a window in to what the future will look like, a demo that is predicting exact timing, took a lot of work and a lot of money to get there and we are there. Second example; our focus kidney care pharmacy now delivers all the oral drugs to 16,000 kidney care patients and the only place where that happens in the world is just powerful because for the first time, each specialists, the cardiologist because most of our patients have cardiovascular issues, the endocrinologist because 50% of our patients are diabetics, the internist because 30% of our patients are hypertensive, etc, etc, etc; each doctor can know not only all of the drugs the patient is taking but whether or not they are taking them and have that integrated with the facility electronic medical record. Again, it is what you read about and hear about people wanting in much of the rest of healthcare and we spent the last few years and a lot of your money to preparing for this and we are competent and credible. So, I repeat without predicting exact timing, the pair world is moving irreducibly towards broader bundles of integrated care. This would be very much to our advantage. Finally, if economic and political pressures do adversely affect the conventional fee-for-service dialysis industry in the short term, we would likely have the opportunity to make some acquisitions at attractive prices, the need for dialysis in macro way, our strong clinical outcomes will go away and the attractiveness of being able to reduce the $90,000 in total cost of this patient's per year as oppose to focusing on the $30,000 which they spend on dialysis only a third and that includes pharma, the actual dialysis costs are only about 20% for the leverage of us doing our job right will not go away either. Operator, let us open it up for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator's instruction) Your first question comes from the line of Justin Lake - UBS.
Justin Lake - UBS: A couple of questions here. First, on the patient care cost, those were up about $3 in the quarter. Given that the EPO dosing sounds like a decline, down sequentially, I am just curios what is driving that and if that is a sustainable run rate or we might see some decline as we go through the year.
Richard K. Whitney: Yes, Justin, you are referring to the sequential increase in operating cost?
Justin Lake - UBS: Correct.
Richard K. Whitney: Yes, it is a, a big part of it is the impact of Q1 in the short treatment days and so, I think as I mentioned in my comments that about 2/3 of the increase that you are seeing there is related to labor increases. We do have some fixed labor cost about a third so you are seeing some impact just of spreading the labor cost over fewer treatments and then we have the seasonally higher payroll taxes which are material in the quarters. So, that is the biggest part of the story as well as fixed facility operating cost we would rent and things like that that are spread over fewer treatments. So, there were some offsets of the EPO but I think we where experience sequential operating cost increases in line with where our expectation would be for this time of the year.
Justin Lake - UBS: Perfect, and now just a couple of quick numbers question, the revenue per treatment breakdown was very helpful. It sounds like most of that was sustainable, Rich. Am I missing anything there or this is a good run rate if we think about going the rest of the year?
Richard K. Whitney: Yes, based upon the drivers of the revenue per treatment increase, I think this is a sustainable rate absent any changes on the private pay side.
Justin Lake - UBS: Perfect, then just on the M&A, you spent $40 million to acquire seven centers. Can you just give us a patient down there?
Richard K. Whitney: Yes, and I guess the one thing I was reflecting Justin the $1.50 of the increase was the lab related to the seasonal testing as well as the Medicare rate increase. About 2/3s, a little bit more of that relates to the seasonal testing so I think you can think about a little more than a $1 per treatment of the sequential increase, all else being equal as not being sustainable as we move through the year.
Justin Lake - UBS: Perfect, that is what I am looking for. And then just that M&A question, how many patients did you acquire and does that $40 million matched up for the seven centers you acquired?
Richard K. Whitney: We acquired centers treating approximately 500 patients.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman - Wachovia.
Gary Lieberman - Wachovia: I guess just to follow up a little bit on the revenue per treatment questions, it would appear that based on your comments that EPO utilization slowing in the quarter and on the other comments, it would look like the commercial rates were up nicely in the quarter. Is there anymore color you could give there? Were there any specific contracts that I guess in the past you would have characterized as having been contentious that you were able to renegotiate or anything along those lines?
Richard K. Whitney: We have a number of contracts that have CPI rate increases that tend to be more weighted towards the beginning of the year. So, I think that is a big part of what you are seeing here, not out of line with expectations.
Gary Lieberman - Wachovia: Okay and then maybe if you could give us some color on some of the startup losses, up and new initiatives, I know at the Investor Day, Kent, you talked about maybe being a little bit disappointed or behind target in terms of what some of those losses, where were you in the first quarter and does the outlook for the full year changed at all?
Kent Thiry: Could you say that question again, please, so I do not mumble?
Gary Lieberman - Wachovia: Just in terms of the Investor Day, just going back to some of the comments on the operating losses that you had accrued and were anticipating on the new initiatives, you had talked about maybe being a little bit behind schedule and so I was just looking for an update along those.
Kent Thiry: Yes, so far in 2009 we are on track.
Gary Lieberman - Wachovia: Okay, anything specifically that you were able to do differently in the first quarter?
Kent Thiry: Operate it with more confidence.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: I wanted to just first ask you about some of the recent changes you made with your advocacy efforts. I know that you had have a new person in the legislative affairs group. I also noted that KCP did reorganization. Can you just discuss your advocacy efforts in general and how you think DaVita organizationally and how the community is positioned right now in Washington?
Kent Thiry: I will take a quick stab and then you redirect me to any place you want to go. Number one, we are very excited that John Schaeffler joined us from GE Medical Systems. We have known John for a while. We tried to recruit him before and glad we got him now and I guess enough said there. Second, the Kidney Care Partners coalition, that is the KCP one for those who are not familiar that Darren is referring to. We got that going, oh boy, five or six years ago now. It seems like a lifetime and it is level of awareness and credibility on the hill. For a segment, our size is very healthy. It is one of the few segments in American healthcare in the real world where the leading patient groups, nursing groups, physician groups, provider groups, large and small profit and for profit pharma and device actually get in the same room every three months and works through agonizing processes to deliver consensus recommendation to the hill that it literally does not happen in most of healthcare and we have done it four or five years in a row and it is not a small part of why we have been successful on a relative basis and it is at the same time in any given year, things always look very difficult keeping the coalition together and getting stuff done with the Congress has preoccupied by some of the larger policy, aircraft carriers of their like addition fee increases and hospitals and public insurance and stuff like that.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: That is responsive. Can you also maybe just touch on your views on MSP and everybody has been thinking about pay force as we get further into the reform legislative drafting and how important you think that is in terms of your lobbying priorities?
Kent Thiry: I was in it. I was in an office when they held just a week ago and that person I had not met was with her member and brought up that she had now finally gotten familiar with MSP and it was on her short list and that is just an anecdote to be enforced to the broader assertion that with respect to the policy merit of extending the private pay period as well as the magnitude of the pay for, the awareness has never been higher because it was scored by the CBO and it is very attractive in a world where sooner or later, they are going to have to start paying for some of the checks that they are writing and that thing is getting very, very intense very, very quickly when that moment arrives. In the policy point of view, the fact that our patients are uniquely discriminated against there, no other patients in America where you are at hold, you cannot keep your private insurance even if you think it is in your and your family's best interest. More and more members of Congress are finding out that that is actually true and do not like it. In addition, what that does is create a totally progress incentive where private employers do not want to provide value-added services to kidney care patients and dialysis patients because they are hoping they drop their insurance and flip to Medicare early. So, from all perspective it is bad policy and it is a big pay for. Therefore, we have a very solid shot at eliminating that unique discrimination from our patients' lives.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: And what is the scoring framework that you are working within right now?
Kent Thiry: Well, I am not going to merit for sure, the CBO score to that maybe $1.2 billion over 10 years but there are in few policies to follow up. We will the right number but it is the CBO number on the record is something like that.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Fair enough, let me just ask one more question if I could on the ancillary piece and the revenue is backed up. It looks like it is just a tiny bit sequentially but you did improve the operating loss there just to touch. Can you update us a little bit more on how you see this collection of businesses is trending and what you view is on operating losses there for the balance of the year?
Richard K. Whitney: Darren, as Kent mentioned, we are feeling that we are on track here as we finish Q1 and you recall in capital markets that we had indicated that we expected the operating losses for that collection of business to be about $22 million in 2009 and we expect it to be on track to be round about $14 million as we move to 2010.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay but in just terms of the revenue, it is not a big difference but we have seen sequential, pretty substantial sequential growth over the last several quarters so I just want to get a sense for what $71 million in revenue is relative to the $73 million in fourth quarter. Is there just less sequential growth now if the business is maturing particularly in the DaVita Rx side, just talk about the level of the growth perhaps?
Richard K. Whitney: Yes, the biggest difference that you are seeing from Q4 to Q1 is simply for the shorter quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Kent, I was wondering if you could talk about pharma utilizations and you talked about EPO and maybe just give us an update on heparin.
Kent Thiry: There is nothing new on heparin. We are still eagerly awaiting new suppliers and are optimistic that that will happen. We continue to think that Fresenius, not the Fresenius that does dialysis and dialysis products but I think it is FSE, it is the correct letters made a really poor business decision by engaging in the aggressive and a ballistic pricing, really poor business decision for the long term but right now, nothing new has happened there good or bad and I do not know if you want me to go beyond that or not, so I will stop.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Well, I guess I was wondering if you had any specific timeframe in mind as when you expect the new suppliers to come online.
Kent Thiry: It is on the FDA's hands I believe and therefore only a fool would go into the predicting world.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, that is helpful.
Kent Thiry: First, there has been a lot more experience in that.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Sure and then going back to the economy, you gave good color on what you are seeing and what not but I was wondering if there is any of the impact on the business in regards to over the pricing environment on the commercial side or a cost deflation given the maybe a larger supply of medical professionals in the field.
Kent Thiry: No, there was nothing else beyond what Rich said. The good news is private rates had been stable. We have been getting the annual upticks that we hope for and depend on. The bad news is that could change tomorrow and the good news on the cost front is that we do have a number of suppliers that were accommodating on prices to try to maintain market share and on the wage front, just so everyone knows, competitive wages are not going up with the same rate that they were and maybe in some places, they are going down but not really in the healthcare. So, the [yawn and the yen] of each of those two, private revenue and labor which pretty much hit and there is nothing dramatic going on right now.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Okay and then last question, going back to your comments about the demo with CMS on the capitated patient, could you give us a little bit more color on the margin differential and the cost savings that you are demonstrating to CMS?
Kent Thiry: No, at this point we actually prefer to keep all that private. It is still basically a big, big R&D project that is going well. We also have some limitations when you are working with the government on the demo. There are some of the data that they co-own with us and we cannot share it without their permission and I am worried if I started soaring too many numbers spontaneously, I might cross that boundary. The important takeaways are that it is taking a bunch of work but it is going well. We figured out a lot of stuff. We have developed some systems. We have developed operating insights. We figured out how to approach some of this stuff because every single aspect of what you do has to change somewhat, with the doctors, the hospitals, the patients, their families, the centers and so it is going nicely and I probably should just leave it there.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, then if I could ask one last question, Rich, interest expense was a little bit lower. Obviously you guys have some debt tied to LIBOR. Could you give us your expectation as to where interest expense should be for the year?
Richard K. Whitney: Well, it kind of depends upon what happens to LIBOR rates. If you, so maybe the way to answer that question is to indicate that our debt as we sit here right now is about 2/3s sticks and 1/3 floating and the floating rate of that is that LIBOR plus 150. So, it really depends upon your prediction for LIBOR rates going forward. It is a pretty flat yield for right now.
Kevin Ellich - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. I guess I am trying to figure out if your expectation that LIBOR is going to increase through the remainder of the year?
Richard K. Whitney: Well, the yield curve would say that it would not but I do not know that we would necessarily predict one way or another which direction LIBOR would go in which is why tend to have some fixed rate debt and some variable rate debt. Although maybe the final thing I will stand, even after is say I will not predict, the final thing I would say is we are at in amazingly low interest rate environment and so I think if you just step back and said our interest rates are likely to go up over time, I think it would be hard to answer that question in any other way than to say yes over time, they are likely to go up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Can you just elaborate a little bit more on the cost per treatment line? I just want to clarify what the answer to a question just a minute ago, you guys talked a lot about hopefully, we would see some wage pressures abate a bit this year given the economy but it sounds like and by looking at the numbers that you did not really benefit a whole lot from that in Q1. Am I reading that correctly and kind of what is your outlook for, do you expect to see maybe some savings or at least not as big of increase you see for the rest of this year or is this something maybe going forward we see a little bit of benefit on?
Richard K. Whitney: I think it is fair to say that we did not experience much of that benefit in the first quarter of 2009. However, I do want to reiterate that sequential increases are primarily driven by the fewer treatment days in the quarter, the higher payroll taxes that you get at the beginning of the year and those two factors we see pretty much every year in the first quarter just the way the calendar falls.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay and then I guess wanted to, maybe Kent if you could elaborate a little bit more on health reform discussion that you talked about in your prepared remarks. As it relates to the dialogue you are having with lawmakers on the healthcare reform legislation that is being kind of crafted right now, I am sure the discussion about broader bundles of integrated care is part of that discussion but how is it part of it? Is it something that would be laid out in the legislation or is it something that over time with CMS maybe having more power to implement projects on their own, is that something, I guess I am curios on the timing of something like that given CMS is still yet to implement any bundled care even with the pharmaceuticals here and we are still a few years away from that.
Kent Thiry: Right. We are not anticipating that government is going to do anything dramatic with respect to broader bundles of integrated care beyond that which they already decided on dialysis last year in the short term. But that is the way that they want to take the whole system and with it, at some point, they are not for just the future we will go and it will be much to the benefit of all constituents. With respect to what is going on this year with the KCP, the Kidney Care community and the healthcare reform discussion, what we are trying to do is get them to eliminate some of those unique discriminations so in particular what I was talking about before, the fact that our, the only citizens in America, they cannot keep private health insurance in a world where they are trying to get more people insured are ours and it is historical anomaly that used to be in the 1970s with zero months and then Congress moved it up to 12 and then 18 and now it is 30. So, there is strong historical pressing in and it is a just a historical artifact and so the entire kidney care community wants that discrimination eliminated that is creating tremendous incentive for investing in wellness or virtually the entire community I guess just to be safe. And then also the community is advocating that CMS and HHS and Congress start to encourage more care coordination experimenting along the lines of which I have talked about, nothing dramatic but have the broader kidney care system start to experiment with care coordination and so that we can bring the virtues of that in a cost effective way the big chunks of the population in the years to come. But it is not going to be this year. There is not going to be some big dramatic kidney care reform bill this year. That is not what we are pursuing.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Then just one more question on health reform, you mentioned in your prepared remarks the understanding or at least the limited understanding by lawmakers of the private subsidization that occurs here in the dialysis sector. How is that part of the discussion right now and particular with some of the things like a public plan option being for out there and how are you guys talking to lawmakers about that issue?
Kent Thiry: Well, how it is being talked about is just by presenting the data that demonstrates that 87% of our patients are government pay, 82 of those 87 are Medicare. On average, we take a loss on them and therefore rely on the other 13 when we have for 30 months only to subsidize which is why they have rates that are much higher than they would otherwise. So, how we are doing it is just laying out the facts and try providing them enough information so that they can comfortably attempt to triangulate those facts and validate them with CMS, MedPack, CBO, OMB, etc, etc. So, it is a highly imperfect process because these are people who are not set up to do audits of every provider segment P&L nor do they have the time so that is how and then you ask them more qualitative question before that. I think overall on this, the community is doing a solid job. It is not superb or excellent or pervasive yet but it has been solid as of the last 24 to 30 months. Prior to that, it was not even solid so the good news is we are making progress. The bad news is, we are not excellent yet. Is that responsive?
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.: Kent, in your opening remarks, you mentioned that unemployment was not really having an impact on the pair mix and I wanted to follow up on that. You said that you had some additional details or we could ask for additional details and I thought I would.
Kent Thiry: Very fair, I will turn it over to Rich to see if we can be entirely consistent with the last call.
Richard K. Whitney: So, I will try. Alright, what we talked about the capital market's day was that there are a number of structural factors that we would want to believe that we might have some insulation from the rising unemployment that we are seeing out there and the two most important are number one, the availability of COBRA for our patients and subsidies for patients to be able to afford the COBRA premiums provided through particular not for profit foundation. So, there are very, very, very few patients that do not elect COBRA because they cannot afford to pay it because of the availability of the assistant. Secondly, about half of our patients qualified for the particulars under a disability program that allows them an extra 11 months of COBRA on top of the initial 18 months and so because of the existence of those two facts, we believe that we have some mitigation against what other provider segments might experienced more significantly or maybe more rapidly when the economy turns and losses its many jobs that it has. I guess third, it is our view that ESRD patients and other patients with chronic conditions are those that are much more likely to want to try to keep their private insurance when they experience a job loss or a job change and that is at least anecdotally in our experience.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.: Okay, that is helpful.
Richard K. Whitney: With that said, I think we should reiterate we are worried about it. We are watching it closely and we are assuming that we will experience some impact but pretty reasonable I think to be at that way.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.: Okay, that is fair. On the free cash flow side or uses of free cash flow, it looks like you consistently had about $400 million of cash on the balance sheet. You are buying back stock but that seems relatively stable. Is that the way we should think about it going forward? I know you have not bought back any shares in the quarter so far but is it acquisitions kind of first and then share repurchases and then debt repayment kind of the way to think about it?
Richard K. Whitney: Yes, really not change to the way we view it other than we take into account every quarter the specific facts and circumstances to make a judgment about how to allocate our capital. To reiterate, it is first to fund attractive growth investment to the extent that we have those opportunities and second, we then look at the tradeoff between buying back some stock and paying down some debt and then specifically in this environment has, for the last some period of time as oppose to paying down debt, that tradeoff is buying back stock or holding on to some cash for liquidity and really just because if we pay down debt right now, we do not have the ability to re-borrow it at anywhere near the same rates. So, same tradeoffs. We still view the business the same way that it should have a certain amount of leverage on it over the long term. Well, at times it be above that level, at times it will be below that level and if you sort of look at our capital structure and note the relatively short weighted average maturities and overlay, it has been a pretty volatile debt market over the last six to nine months. I think those are two factors that would all else being equal cause us to be more conservative with our cash than otherwise.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.: Okay last question and I will get back in the queue. The number of treatments per patient declined, I assume is that because of the fewer days? I imagine that is what it was and then secondly, Kent on the private payerside, it strikes me that things are while you are still cautious there, you are not quite as seemingly nervous about the outlook of private payerrates as you were maybe a couple of quarters ago and I just, I wanted to make sure that I was reading that correctly and maybe I was not but I wanted to ask.
Kent Thiry: I am glad you bring it up. I think our anxiety, tension, uncertainty level there is ever constant and so any fluctuations in the word choice in any given call are very coincidental. Structural realities of the fair fight between the big payers who would like to not subsidize Medicare so much in us, that is pretty unchanging every quarter.
Arthur Henderson - Jefferies & Co.: Okay and then Rich on the treatments per patient?
Richard K. Whitney: Yes, the answer to your question is yes, it is from the fewer treatment days in the quarter. The other impact although less of an impact but still important is that there were fewer Monday, Wednesday and Friday in the quarter. So, the quarter started on a Thursday and ended on a Tuesday and typically, we treat more patients on Monday, Wednesday and Fridays than we do on Tuesday, Thursday, Saturdays because of the weekend.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andreas Dirnalg - Stephens Inc.
Andreas Dirnalg - Stephens Inc.: Basically, just a whole bunch of follow ups in terms of just trying to get some more detail. I can remember either Kent or Rich when talking about heparin, you said that the cost was up. Obviously, the cost is up year-over-year. I was wondering, can you give any comment? Are we still seeing an acceleration of the cost sequentially or we have sort of stabilized it in new higher level?
Richard K. Whitney: Andreas, in Q1, we stabilized. We have not seen additional increases or decreases. You recall that there was some offsetting utilization reduction.
Andreas Dirnalg - Stephens Inc.: Right and then Rich on labor cost, everytime you mentioned the $1.50 I think as it was in the quarter, no I am sorry the 2/3s of the $3.60, you kept saying that it was related to payroll taxes. Have you seen regardless of the payroll tax part sort of labor cost begin to moderate it all?
Richard K. Whitney: In the first quarter, we have not seen labor cost moderate. However, it is our expectation that going forward, they would moderate somewhat just given the environment and the change in the labor market and labor rate increases across all segments of healthcare, we are sending somewhat down.
Andreas Dirnalg - Stephens Inc.: Okay, but again, to date, you have not seen any of that. And then in terms of treatment days for the second quarter, is there any change from year-over-year and sequentially there?
Richard K. Whitney: Well, there will be more treatment days sequentially. I do not have it; I would have to look at the calendar. I do not have it in front of me but there is always a pick up from Q1 to Q2. I have not looked at Q2 versus the prior year to note the calendar differences. The best way to look at it is the number of Sundays, the fewer Sundays the better. We are free on Sundays and then the more Monday, Wednesday and Fridays the better because we have a heavier load on Monday, Wednesday and Fridays.
Andreas Dirnalg - Stephens Inc.: Great and in terms or the share repurchase program, what is left under your current authorization?
Richard K. Whitney: Around 125 million.
Andreas Dirnalg - Stephens Inc.: Okay and then when it comes to, we were talking about the various needs against versus the possible pressures from unemployment, do you, I mean I am sure you are tracking, can you share with us sort of whether you have seen an increase in the number of the percentage of your patients that are on either COBRA or they are getting subsidies from kidney fund or has that remained fairly steady?
Richard K. Whitney: We do track it and I would sort of hesitate to give you specific numbers because frankly we track it a lot better now in the last four to six months than we had previously because of the situation.
Andreas Dirnalg - Stephens Inc.: But again without specific numbers, I mean general trend, is it relatively flat? Have you seen a slight increase, a slight decrease?
Richard K. Whitney: Yes, we have not seen any dramatic change in that and that is one of the factors that influenced our thinking regarding have said to you that we have not seen at this time any change related to other point.
Andreas Dirnalg - Stephens Inc.: Wonderful and then final question maybe for Kent; Kent, we are in a period right now when it comes to sort of DC where there is obviously a lot of things going on and one of the things that is going on is there is I guess a deadline out there for establishing a new bundles rate and entirely new sort of reimbursement structure. In your discussions with CMS, I mean have they even started on this? Do they have the bandwidth to look at this in time to sort of put it in place by sort of mid or end of next year?
Kent Thiry: Yes, CMS is working very hard on the bundle that was outlined by Congress 10 months ago and we and other members of the community are coordinating to provide them with a lot of information to help them get it right.
Andreas Dirnalg - Stephens Inc.: Okay and then final question, when it comes to the bundling, I guess it is legislated that the bundling will be at 98% of spending. Can you just refresh us in terms of what timeframe that they are using to establish the base of which they will base the 98%?
LeAnne Zumwalt: It is LeAnne. Two components to that, let me be just so you understand it, pharma utilization will be that on the lower of 2007, 2008 or 2009. Once that is established, 98% applies to the bundles purposes that they would put together, they will take a 2% share cut.
Andreas Dirnalg - Stephens Inc.: And then that is on the pharma utilization. What about on the composite rate?
LeAnne Zumwalt: No, 2% across all of the services; lab services, pharmaceutical, composite rates, etc. Once that group of services is established, what they would have otherwise spent with adjustment utilization, we cut by 2%.
Andreas Dirnalg - Stephens Inc.: And that is based off at the lower of 2007, 2008 or 2009.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Correct.
Andreas Dirnalg - Stephens Inc.: Just for pharma. 
LeAnne Zumwalt: Just for pharma.
Andreas Dirnalg - Stephens Inc.: The lower of 2007, 2008 or 2009. For the non pharma, what is the period that they use?
LeAnne Zumwalt: It would be otherwise what had been spent in the first year.
Richard K. Whitney: The first year of the bundle that is Andreas.
Andreas Dirnalg - Stephens Inc.: Okay, so for example it will base off of the 2010 Medicare composite rate?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, since the credit is correct.
Andreas Dirnalg - Stephens Inc.: Okay, so it is the 1% increase in effect that you are getting in 2009 and 2010 basically taking back.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Correct, a long wind, a haircut against the pharmaceuticals.
Andreas Dirnalg - Stephens Inc.: Right. Okay, great.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacDonald - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey.
David MacDonald - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Just a couple, what I missed, Rich, can you give us the number of de novos waiting approval again? I know it is 56 last quarter, what was it this quarter?
Richard K. Whitney: Fifty three.
David MacDonald - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay and I know Texas was a state that kind of stood out last quarter. Is there any change there, any states that are overly problematic besides Texas?
Richard K. Whitney: Little Texas in California are our problem.
David MacDonald - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, and then Kent, can you just give us a little bit more detail on what would be kind of the next steps with the pilot program in terms of bundled care with CMS, what do we look for over a kind of a next 6 to 12 months in terms of that moving forward and moving towards implementation at some point?
Kent Thiry: And you are talking in this case about the bundle that was legislated by Congress last year?
David MacDonald - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: No, I am talking about the demonstration project where you guys, it sounds like Fresenius working on the capitated plan.
Kent Thiry: Right, over the next 6 to 12 months, we should not expect anything dramatic, nothing operationally material.
David MacDonald - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay and so when we think about timeframe, I mean is this more kind of in 2011 or 2012 type of opportunity of that, a couple of years down the road is more realistic timeframe to think about this?
Kent Thiry: Certainly, more reasonable than anything sooner and we will keep you posted. As I mentioned earlier, this movement has picked up irreducible momentum at the federal level, at the state level and in the private payer world and it is just so difficult to handicap whether it is one year before there is a big change or four years or something in between which is why we are trying to emphasize that predicting timing is just not, unfortunately is not something that we think we can do well. So, all we can do is keep you posted and when that door opens as it is starting to, we are very well positioned to stride through it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Ransom - Raymond James.
John Ransom - Raymond James: I have one peeking in question and one broader one; now, what is the ending share count in the quarter?
Richard K. Whitney: We will look it up for you. Do you have another question?
John Ransom - Raymond James: Sure, what was the subsidy in the quarter to specially our x in DaVita village? I know you are still on track for your number for the year that you mentioned that you are investing in.
Kent Thiry: People are passing it on pay for they are trying to hand over that share count. Could you repeat the question?
John Ransom - Raymond James: Sure, what was the loss, subsidy is trying on there, what was the loss in the quarter from village and specialty?
Richard K. Whitney: The loss for the entire ancillary service business segment which is how we disclose it, there are other things in there was $5 million for the quarter.
John Ransom - Raymond James: And you are still on track, if that change for the year, you are still on track for that number for the year?
Richard K. Whitney: We feel at the end of Q1, we are on track for what we told you we will do three months ago, yes.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Okay.
Richard K. Whitney: And the ending share count is 103,409 and that is not a diluted number. The diluted number is 104,409.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Okay and I guess the, I do not even know how to ask this question, I probably going to stumble but in the debate about the public plan versus product plan and Nancy-Ann DeParle indicated that the public plan could take a lot of different shapes. There is a Medicare option. There is a hybrid. There is a product plan option. I guess, you have hired a new industry guy to go talk to Washington, how are you going to track this debate and how are you going to weigh in to make sure that the so ons who were dealing this up understand the difference between $230 a treatment and $900 treatment and the requisite of solvency of the dialysis industry if you end up with Medicare for everybody? I think the low end groups at 130 million would drop their private plans and run to Medicare. Medicare is 30% cheaper. It just seems like you have an irresistible political wedge to get people to go to Medicare if you get a hard left healthcare plan but you guys are going to be on the uncomfortable position in trying to argue up here right with the government and it just not clear to me how do you go to see the table and how do you make your case and how are you following this. I do not know if I asked that right.
Kent Thiry: No, it is a fair question and of course there is no incredibly definitive answer but it is important to point out that right now, all our private patients have the right to go on Medicare. So, we are the only segment in America for whom if that option existed just not have change. Now, that does not meant that sort of the whole environment could change in some way that more people started making that decision but we are the only segment in America where that already exists and has existed for 20 years in our current business model reflexive. And then second, we are doing it the old fashion way, just very straightforward blocking and tackling of going office by office, walking through the economics. Every member of Congress has dialysis centers in their district and does not want them to close and there is a lot of third-party data supporting in rough terms the description of our economic reliance on private pay which is why there have been lot of decisions made, if they has been made over the last four or five years. So, we just have to work it a lot. If the people in Congress are loaded to implement something that could blow up in the face, that is the great fear when they started talking about this reform stuff. So, we are confident that we have a very good shot at having a nice seat at the table but that does not mean you get the outcome you want. It is just not how the process works. It is pretty sloppy.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Well, I mean I understand it is sloppy but the uncertainty this year is obviously magnified tenfold. So, it is interesting.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Adams.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Adams: Just how does home therapy fit in with your strategy in preparation for bundling?
Kent Thiry: Our doctors and patients pick home therapy whenever they think it is in the best interest of the patient. We do more home therapy than anyone else in America and so help me out if I am not being useful here.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Adams: As you see bundling coming at you, would you expect increasing usage of home therapy decrease? What would be, does that actually help you save money? Is it more profitable for you? Is there any benefit for you? I know there is benefit for the patient.
Kent Thiry: Well, there is benefit for some patients and as to the bundle whether or not one is better or soft, it depends on a bunch of variables like what the equipment is priced at and what your local scale is, things like that. But there is no black and white answer on that and in fact on the home hemodialysis, we actually lose more money on Medicare at home than we do in the center. So, it is worst.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Ruff - Inside Investor.
Jack Ruff - Inside Investor: You talked a little bit about capital allocation with a volatile debt markets in your current majorities. Is part of the reason for the build up in cash that you see a lot of acquisition opportunities, is that also part of it and is the uncertainty with Congress and healthcare changes that part of it too? Can you just go into a little bit more the decision process to build up cash rather than buyback more stock?
Kent Thiry: In a time of uncertainty, we go to cash. We go to cash for a defensive and an offensive reason. Defensive reason is when times are uncertain and where they might turn out poorly just as you outlined in your question. In addition, it also means things might turn out more poorly for other people less well positioned than us and therefore we also like to have cash for offensive reasons because it might get to buy them at a more attractive price than otherwise. So the funny thing is the uncertainty creates equally powerful defensive and offensive reasons to ere in the side of having more cash rather than less.
Jack Ruff - Inside Investor: Okay, that is fair. It also creates a good opportunity in your stock too.
Kent Thiry: Hopefully so.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Kent Thiry: Alright, well thank you all for your thoughtful consideration of DaVita and we will work hard between today and the next day we get in the phone with you. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-12 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Richard K. Whitney - Chief Financial Officer LeAnne Zumwalt - Investor Relations 
Analysts: Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank Securities Mark Arnold  Piper Jaffray Kevin Ellich  RBC Capital Markets Arthur Henderson  Jefferies & Co. (Mitch Campa  Mountain Lake) Gary Lieberman  Stanford Group Company Unidentified Analyst Valerie Brown  AllianceBernstein  Unidentified Analyst Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank Securities Unidentified Analyst Justin Lake  UBS Bill Wolkstein  Centurion Capital Unidentified Analyst Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.   
LeAnne Zumwalt: Welcome everyone to the DaVita fourth quarter earnings conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. Im LeAnne Zumwalt, and with me today are Kent Thiry, our Chairman and CEO, and Rich Whitney, our CFO. We will start out with a really interesting part of the presentation, and I would ask that each of you take a look at the forward-looking statements. I am not going to read that today. We are going to get started with Rich Whitney and an overview of the quarter.
Richard K. Whitney:  The roadmap for this morning is first our comments on the fourth quarter performance, then DaVita overview, a discussion of the opportunities and risks that one should consider while investing with us, a deep dive into our business fundamentals, financial review, and then we will wrap up by taking your questions. Before we get into the fourth quarter results, the question that a lot of you probably have is what drove the sequential decline in revenue per treatment. The answer is primarily, 80% of it, pharma utilization. I will come back to the details of that in just a moment. Also, before we dive into the numbers, throughout the presentation, we will be referring to certain adjusted and non-GAAP numbers, and a reconciliation of these numbers to the most related GAAP number is included in the back of the presentation. Q4 revenue was $1.5 billion, up about 8% versus last year, and we ended the year at about a $6 billion revenue run rate. Operating income of $212 million for the fourth quarter was in line with our guidance. Full year operating income of $822 million was in line with our guidance as well. Q4 operating income margin was stable, and our EPS was $0.94 in Q4, and you should note that we benefited by about $0.02 from favorable tax rates driven by FIN-48 fluctuations, certain tax credits, and some state tax true-ups that we normally have at the end of the year. In 2009, we would expect our tax rate to return to a more normal level of 39.5 to 40.5. Our treatments, $16.2 million, our non-acquired growth was 4%, our non-acquired growth for the full year averaged 4.3% which was right in the middle of our stated guidance range of 4% to 4.5%, and we are now treating a little more than 112,000 patients. Whats the story for the quarter? First, pharma utilization impacted revenue per treatment. Revenue per treatment for the quarter was down about $3.80, which was 1.1% sequentially, and it was up $4.50 versus the prior year quarter, and that is up about 1.4%. The sequential decline, a little more than $3, was driven by lower pharma utilization, and the balance, about one-third of it, was lower Medicaid rates, and the rest of it was normal quarter-to-quarter fluctuations in the mix of our various payers. Now, of the pharma utilization decline, the biggest part of it was EPO, and over the last four to six quarters, as you know, we have been experiencing some quarter-to-quarter volatility in EPO utilization in physician prescribing patterns, so this quarter utilization impacted us by a few dollars per treatment just like in Q2 of last year, it impacted us positively by a few dollars per treatment. That said, in the near term, we expect we may have some more downside in this area. Also remember that pharma margins are not as high as they used to be and so therefore, of course, the impact on our profitability is not as high as it used to be. Kent plans on covering more on pharma utilization, the trends in physician prescription patterns, and the related outcomes later in the presentation. Next cost trends, they have been stable. For the full year, our patient care costs were up 1.2% per treatment which is consistent with our long-term trend, and full-year G&A per treatment was down 5.3% as we continued to achieve leverage on G&A in our core business. Next, we continue to experience certification delays with our De Novos. We have 54 De Novos that have been built but are waiting to be certified. Our time to certification has more than doubled over the course of the past 18 months, and several states are particularly troublesome, including Texas, which has informed the public that they dont intent to certify any more certain healthcare facilities including dialysis facilities. We are, of course, pursuing several different potential solutions in the regulatory and legal front including proposing a fee-based system. However, it is our expectation that we will continue to experience certification delays as we go through 2009, and this fact could weigh on our non-acquired growth in 2009 a bit. Next takeaway, solid operating income in the quarter. OI was up 8% in the quarter versus the prior year quarter as we anniversary off the end-of-year payer rate reductions in 2007. OI was up 3% for the year in line with our guidance, and recall that Q1 is typically a seasonally weak quarter for us because of lower treatment days and higher payroll taxes, so it is quite possible that we could have a small sequential decline in Q1 operating income as we do in many years. Solid EPS. EPS for the full year was up 11% year-over-year, and EPS for the quarter was up 19% versus the prior year quarter. That 19% EPS growth was driven by the higher OI as well as the lower interest expense which is primarily rate, as our net debt is about the same year over year, and it was also driven by about a 3% lower share count. Cash flow was solid, a little bit above the high end of our guidance range and that was driven primarily by the timing of certain payments at the end of the year, basically working capital timing as well as lower cash tax payments driven by the stimulus package passed in the fall, so those things are one-time, and we would expect that to impact cash flow in the opposite direction as we move into 2009. Our 2009 guidance remains unchanged for operating income at 820 to 880, and we are now providing our cash flow and CapEx guidance. Of note, the cash flow guidance range is somewhat lower than the full year 2008, and that is related to the timing of the payments we just discussed. Of course, acquisition and De Novo CapEx is subject to sufficient number of projects at reasonable returns, and finally, we will just point out that in the first quarter, we will be subjected to an accounting change, all companies will be subjected to an accounting change where minority interests will no longer be counting as part of operating income, so you should expect our operating income will go up as a result of that, and we will be sure to reconcile between the old numbers and the new numbers and the new guidance when that happens. Now, I would like to turn it over to Kent to take us through the DaVita overview.
Kent J. Thiry:  Good morning, and I will reiterate Richs and LeAnnes welcome, especially to those of you who have been with us at these sessions for many years. It is actually really nice to be here now more than 12 months past the period where we self-inflicted some contracting wounds over a 4-month period. Its nice to start putting that behind us. The mission is important. We do consider ourselves to be a caregiver first. It is in fact more important that you feel good if your wife or child needs dialysis than it is how you feel about us as a capitalistic entity. Having said that, we work incredibly hard to meet whatever expectations we set in sessions like this, but we are a mission-driven organization. For those of you who have not been in a center, this is what it looks like when you are taking care of a human being, and we take care of 112,000, as Rich said, and Id like to say this is what a center looks like, but that is what a really clean center looks like, not a normal one, but we have about 1500 of these across America, and this will give you some sense of what the operating unit feels like, how many people are in it, how many chairs, etc., just to give you a feel for the operating entity itself. Most of these numbers you have seen. We have done what we said we would do in dramatically reducing the leverage that we took on in order to buy Gambro a few years ago, and we have done it slightly ahead of the schedule that we talked about back 3 years ago or so. It is very nice, over the last 9 years to have moved from about 12% of the patients to 29% of the patients. We think that is incredibly relevant for the security and upside of your equity investment in us, and we have every anticipation that that trend is going to continue. Onto investment highlights, so if you are going back to talk to your partners, what would be the right way to summarize reasons to invest or reasons to be scared of investing. From an industry point of view, there are just a lot of nice solid positives, and these are not hypothetical. If you look back over the last 9 years, you see evidence of this showing up in the economic performance of this space. First, very stable demand growth, unique government accountability and I will elaborate on that, a steady cash flow, reasonable credibility in DC, that does not necessarily get you anything, but it is much better to have it than not, and we can elaborate on that in Q&A if you would like, and then continued consolidation we expect. Lets talk about each one in particular. On the demand side, it is still the case that there are not enough transplants available, not nearly enough, no one is predicting a big change in that area in the near term. That means you either get dialysis or you die. There is very strong loyalty to the physicians and to the centers, and there is very strong loyalty between physicians and centers, and a whole bunch of other attributes that mean that demand is quite stable and quite sticky. In many cases for us, we would actually prefer that it was not as sticky because we think we would actually, in a more fluent competitive environment, do even better. Nevertheless, from a downside elimination point of the view, that stickiness is a very big deal. Because diabetes and hypertension are the primary causes of kidney failure, and because the Hispanic and African American elderly populations are those that are disproportionately inclined to end up with diabetes or hypertension, we are in the demographic jet-stream of America. There are going to be a lot more folks with kidneys failing in the next decade, and this is just the actual numbers through a consensus estimates going forward, and the actual empirical data going backward. Then, you need government accountability. What do we mean by that? It means in other areas, the government can make a mistake, hospitals have, whatever, 200 DRGs, I dont know the number, 467, whatever the new name is for those groups. Surgery centers do all kind of procedures, nursing homes have all kinds of patients, and that allows the government to either make mistakes or make their own judgment calls as to what they want to achieve from a policy objective point of view; not in our space. First of all, we are 87% government, about 82% Medicare, Medicaid 4% to 5%, and we already have universal coverage in the sense that, anybody, virtually anyone in America, if youre private insurance, you opt not to be on it. When it runs out, you get to go on Medicare absolutely. Were a single DRG. You know that 90% of the centers in America are free standing, and they do this one thing, so the costs are the costs. It is not complicated, and the debate between us and government as to what our costs are is quite a narrow band compared to any other part of healthcare. The bad news around that is they are not going to make some mistakes suddenly and add a huge amount of margin to our reimbursement. In fact, we wanted a Medicare deficit, and they know it, although at times they like to deny it for political reasons, economically they know it, but it also means that they are not going to make some mistake that suddenly creates a significant negative margin. There are also about 1000 centers that are still independent, and because we have achieved certain efficiencies that they have not, which is good for the system, it continues to force other people to try to keep up with us. At the same time, that creates a political safety net, because you cannot have dialysis centers start to shut down, and since 87% of the patients are government, if the government starts to create a deficit that is too large, and they start to have lots of independent centers close down, the political feedback loop is exceptionally tight, because these people must get dialysis 3 times a week or they die, and there are limits to how far they can drive or be driven, etc. So, in our case, there is this unique level of transparency and therefore accountability for the federal government by the federal government. The bad news is it means that they are very much in the room with us all the time. The good news is that they are in the room with us all the time including if something would ever go wrong. As far as steady cash flow, its basically a manifestation of everything that we have already talked about. I think the only new thing here to emphasize, for those of you who have not been here before, is very nice that we have low fixed costs. Our typical center, which we should probably have a picture of that as well, is right next to an auto-parts store or a McDonalds or whatever in a shopping center, so it is not expensive real estate, not expensive leasehold improvements, so the good news is if volume moves, a lot of our costs move with it as opposed to many other healthcare facilities which have exactly the opposite situation, exceptionally high fixed costs, and therefore margins, cash flow, etc, are incredibly volume sensitive. Thats not the case with us as long as we do our job right. As to DC, it is always important, and now over the next few years ever more important that we have a relative unique coalition. I dont think any other segment can stand up in front of their shareholders and talk about a coalition which we put together about 5 years ago, but it took years to create, the Kidney Care Partners Coalition. It has got the major patient groups as members, it has got the nursing group as members, its got the physician groups as numbers, it has providers large and small, for profit and not for profit, it has got pharma and device, and for the last several years, not only do we have that group together, I refer to it as our own little Kidney United Nations, but we have reached consensus on important positions, and they will be able to go to the Hill with those consensus positions. There are very few other segments that can do that, speak with a united voice. That is why some of the legislation that has been good for us and good for you and good for our patients in the last few years has passed, but for segments, they have not gotten anything done or in some cases experienced negatives, so it is a very important investment fact. Its a fact that still exits today, and we are making every effort to ensure that it continues to exist. In addition, it is very good that our segment, as well as our company, have significantly improved quality over the last 5 to 10 years. We monitor the improved quality. We do more actual clinical outcome reporting than virtually any other segment in American healthcare, which again, from an investment point of view creates an incredible security blanket, because you are not going to wake up someday with the finding that the segment has been grossly over-utilizing something or the segment is providing lousy care. With this provider or the entire space, you are not going to find that because we are already so transparent, we are already so accountable, and DaVita remains one of the most fervent advocates of an expansion of public accountability and public reporting to the extent that we are big advocates that they actually mandate standard methodologies for measuring clinical outcomes.  We believe the more they standardize those methodologies and require they be done in a certain way and in certain timeliness, the better we will look on a relative basis, and the better you will do on a relative basis, but just the fact that we are in there unlike some of the other segments as opposed to fighting accountability and public reporting, we are intent advocates for it and making it more rigorous and more intense and more timely, again creates both an investment security blanket and within Washington DC, it is a very different pitter patter than they are used to hearing, and reflects well on us in a way that then sometimes influences some of the reimbursement decisions they make, the notion that the dollars they spend with us, they will be able to track whether or not we are actually doing good or not. Continued consolidation. There are two companies now that take care of a lot of patients in America, on average, those two big companies, us and FMC, do a much better job for the patients than that final third, which is not say there arent some outstanding, awesome, excellent providers in that third, but on average, the two large companies do much better. That is both good for our patients, it is also very good for society, because it means that our patients are in the hospital less often than others, and at this point, we dont have an efficient market for getting paid for that value added, but of course, we are working very hard on that, and we think we are making some progress, probably not relevant within your investment timeframe, but a very big deal again for the way that we are viewed in DC in favor of accountability, in favor of reporting, trying to reduce total costs, and getting better and better at measuring when we do that. That is just a line of bullet points that other segments cannot claim, or even if its true, could not point out in any kind of substantiated way, so the nature of our dialogue, because of the coalition weve created, and because of our attitude and philosophy, and because of the facts is different conversation. Now having said all that, they can make decisions that do terrible harm to us, and periodically, they do, so all that does not necessarily buy you success, but it buys you a very different conversation with folks over time.  There are several private equity owned MDOs. In the vernacular of kidney care today, there are LDOs, large dialysis organizations; two; MDOs, the medium dialysis organizations, there is a small handful; and then SDOs, the small folks. There are a number of MDOs that are private equity backed. It is no surprise to anyone here that the world has changed quite a bit, and so virtually every one of those companies has approached us, both approached us last year asking us to submit a bid to purchase them and again this year already, virtually every one. So, the world is different than it was a couple of years ago, and in addition for the MDOs, the payers are now starting to pay attention to them in a way that they didnt a couple of years ago when they started at first, as anyone would, looking at these largest companies, now recognizing that some of the small players have reimbursement rates that are higher than ours and in fact, that does not make sense, and now they are starting to get, what we would call, appropriate attention.
 : The market position is strong and has gotten stronger. Operating competency hopefully has been reflected in what we have done with some exceptions over the last 9 years, and I will talk a little bit about our compliance record and then this notion of being a high-value provider. In a way that matters for shareholders, not just for patients. I am not going to bore you with the clinical education, but the fact is on the core measures, we are relative to other providers very good at what we do. We also have, and these are the exact same word that I use internally in talking to doctors, nurses, and others within DaVita, right now, we have the best portfolio of clinical improvement initiatives that weve had since the year before we bought Gambro. This is literally the most exciting time for us in terms of thinking about the kind of impact that we can have in making care better next year and the year after than it was this past year. We have never had a portfolio like this. We havent had a portfolio like this as good, as robust, as tangible, as focused, with the right kind of teams on it since the year before we bought Gambro. So, we are very excited about that, and thats on the top of the fact that this year, for a ninth year in a row, we improved the quality of our care. We have something that is called the DaVita Quality Index. Some of you are familiar with it, but for the last 9 years in a row, if you handed all of our clinical data to your favorite nephrologists and had him sit through it all, each of those years they would have said yes for these 50,000 patients, for these 60,000, now these 112,000 patients. They did better in 09 than 08; they did better in08 than 07. Its the ninth year in a row we got to say those words. This is without going into detail. These are five of the programs that have already been rolled out or in the process of being rolled out that we think are going to deliver some very nice incremental benefits for our patients. This is what the picture looks like from a high level in terms of who has got what. This gets to that operating competency going backwards. Just talking about our intense effort around delivering on the ranges that we set, and this is what EPS has done if you look a little bit, essentially going back to right before the acquisition of Gambro. Then, on compliance, I have said this and no one has ever countermanded it, but maybe it is not 100% true, but I dont know that, no one has pointed that out. We dont know of any other major healthcare service provider with our compliance track record over the last 10 years, which is to say weve never paid any money despite being subjected to the same big mass of subpoenas that all the big hospital companies have been subjected to and big dialysis companies, etc. Everyone else has had to pay very significant checks, not us. Thats not a coincidence. We take our compliant incredibly seriously. We bring great intellectual, regular, and operating discipline to every single decision we make, and weve done that for years and we knew in the year 2000 that were going to get subpoenaed about EPO stuff every other year for our entire lives until such time that its not the most expensive drug in Medicare, and therefore every decision we ever made and every process we ever implemented was with the total knowledge and expectation that we would be subpoenaed. So, you not only had to do right in terms of making ethical decisions, but you had to do it in the right way so you could document that you were doing it right in a provable way and thats the attitude we brought to it. Thats why these results are not a coincidence.  Does that mean we are going to necessary the next 10 years have the same track record of paying zero? Of course, we cant guarantee that to anyone, but if you look at the track record here, we had the big lab subpoena in 1998 that went on for 6 years, and they had to pay us over $90 million, and thats not that we paid them. We had the big Philadelphia subpoena, which went on for 6 years and then was closed. We had a smaller investigation in Nevada but intense that opened up in 07 and was closed, and then you have a number that are in process but two of the older ones, one has been literally dormant for a long time, zero activity, and the other has had a very low activity level.  We now have been subjected to two more. So, the bad news is we have to spend millions of dollars for years defending these things, often defending the exact same issue we already defended successfully with another subpoena, and unfortunately it appears to us that as long as pharma is an important part of our cost and revenue structure that we will continue to have lots of subpoenas on that subject. Every time they are able to find someone who does something wrong and get a penalty settlement from them, that creates tremendous incentive for them to subpoena everybody else because the incremental cost is quite low. It is just like rolling out a new product; youve done all the development work, and now you might as well see if theres another place where you can get some payback. Unfortunately, we cant tell you that just because of the track record, these new ones are going to close down soon. Thats just not the way it works as you can tell from the data. Lastly, this notion that being a high value-added provider is not just important to our patients. The world is changing slowly, spasmodically, but the kind of reform that people are talking about is the kind of reform that we can deliver in a way that few other segments can, and the will of the federal government, the intensity of their desire to do something about healthcare that actually involves reducing cost and improving quality, is going up and up and up out of necessity, of course. Its the only way that they often do things. While in years past this may have seemed like marginally important or window dressing or modestly annoying to you, we would submit that this is actually quite relevant for the long-term investment horizon. We are getting better and better at preventing or delaying the onset of dialysis. No greater gift to the patient or the taxpayer as people move from costing a couple of thousand a month to seven thousand dollars a month. Then, in dialysis, of course you see the outcome that we have in that area and our increasing ability which Ill talk about later to reduce hospitalization, which is two-thirds of the cost of a kidney care patient is in the hospital not in the center. People picture the cost of dialysis as being the cost of kidney care, when in fact, were more the tail that can wag the dog if we would just get a chance and over time, weve accumulated quite an arsenal of capabilities. The labs weve had for a while, integrated labs, totally focused on getting the right timely, accurate, and customized information for managing the portfolio of clinical attribute to the patient.  We now also have our specialty pharmacy, 15,000 patients, where we coordinate all the pharmaceutical care, the oral pharmaceuticals as well as those infused in the treatment. Its both asserting management influence over a very significant chunk of revenue and in addition being able to add clinical value, the likes of which other people talk about but cant do because you have a PBM thats separate from the hospital. Not so in our space. We are our own PBM, and we are tightly linked to the facility. Yet, in another way as well, which has to do with access. When you need dialysis, youve got to have a point at which we can take our butt out, clean it, and put it back in. Thats called an access, and the fact is that thats sort of rife with issues both clinical and economic when its done poorly versus well. We are the leader in doing that well with a series of focused vascular access centers that offer spectacular economic benefits for society as well as clinical benefits for the patient and once again start to put all this together in a way that doesnt exist elsewhere. Well, we are the facility. We can do the focused surgical procedures, and we can manage all the pharmaceuticals, and lastly Falcon, which is our name for our electronic medical record, modules of which are starting to be rolled out right now, which then as opposed to just doing all this stuff and coordinating it in a manual way is in fact what other people talk about, an electronic medical record where a doctor, the doctor, the portfolio of doctors managing this patient can link all of this stuff together in real time and so can effect diagnostic decisions and be coordinated so you can actually get reporting which synthesizes for you if you have 100 patients which 10 have this kind of issue, which 3 have this kind of issue, the kind of artificial intelligence in a pragmatic way that just doesnt exist elsewhere in healthcare and happens to be very leveraged in our population, and all of these things increasingly tightly linked to the practice itself. We think this becomes economically relevant as the next 5 years or so unfold.  Investment low-lights: In order to preempt your partners, when they talk about why you wouldnt want to invest in us, the darn fact that 13% of our patients are private subsidized, 87% are public is a real structural negative because that means we have to charge the private a bunch more than the Medicare patients just to break even, so thats a negative because you always have that double-edged sword. The near-term EPO volatility, and Ill talk more about that in a little bit, so thats not a fundamental issue for the long term, but right now, thats sort of noise in the economic system. The De Novo certification delay is a new thing.  Theres always been some delay in getting some de novos certified, once were done building them. Thats gotten to be a more significant problem. So, we have right now 54 centers that are built, sitting there, and we can take care of patients in a more convenient way than they are currently being taken care of, but the government hasnt been able to show up yet and certify that, and were getting some nice audiences with folks in the government both at federal and state level who dont like that fact, because again, in our case, its not that anyone is going to get more dialysis than they would otherwise, so the system is not going to spend any more money, but the patients are going to have a more convenient care.  The more convenient care in dialysis is better care because if you are in the night shift somewhere and driving a long way, you tend to cut your treatment time short, you tend to miss more treatments, it tends to be a more tiring experience, all of which affects the quality of care, all of which affects the probability of being hospitalized as opposed to being able to be dialyzed during the day in the place that is convenient for you and your family. So, it actually has clinical significance. Its not just a nicety, and again, Medicare is not going to pay any more. Nobody is going to get more dialysis because of a center opening up, and then lastly of course, the economy. Were not immune to it over the long term in the sense that if people literally dropped private insurance, dont get COBRA, then at some point, that affects that 13% for us, and of course, the government is doing an awful lot to try to make sure that there is continued insurance access including the provisions of the stimulus bill supply to extending COBRA or having premium subsidies and things like that. So, theres an acute political sensitivity to that issue as you know, and its more likely that therell be more people insured in the future rather than less, although there are big questions as to exactly what form that insurance will take. So, these are we think the four things that you should really ask us a lot of questions about in order that you can satisfy your partners that youve calibrated these risks appropriately. Heres a summary again of the highlights, and we think a formidable array, and if you had to again put sort of a conceptual label on this, there is a level of coherence and transparency that doesnt exist in most healthcare segments. Business fundamentals: Lets just talk about the holy trilogy of dialysis economics, which is the number of treatments times the revenue for treatment minus the expense for treatment in the same way that weve talk about it for a long time. Treatment growth is a function of buying things and getting growth through non-acquisition means, which is to say same store growth or building new greenfield centers. Lets talk about the non-acquired first. Heres the empirical data on our non-acquired growth, and again our guidance for this year was between 4 and 4.5. We finished here at 4.3, and in the latter part of the year, again because of the certification delays, you see some lower numbers at the end than you did in the beginning. The economics are similar to what youve seen in the past, but we are building bigger centers on average, and for a while, the construction costs were going up. Were still going to be building bigger centers on average, so the capital investment is a little higher than it used to be. On the other hand, some of our construction costs will go down a bit, not in a way thats actually economically material for you. The most economically material facts for you that are reflected in the slide are, number one, that most of the capital is re-capturable. In other words, if a center wouldnt work, we get to take the machines out and put them elsewhere and we got to work down the receivables, so most of the capital is not irrevocably exposed. Thats just a small amount for leasehold improvements and the issue if we cant sublet. Thats it; the rest is capturable. The second piece of good news is that that whole thing about whats recoverable and whats not hasnt been that economically relevant because our track record is almost perfect in terms of these things ultimately making money. Now, of course that could change depending on what goes on with reimbursement, but thats just looking backwards, and here are the actual numbers. 2008 was our best year ever. We got much more aggressive in terms of building centers, up to 87 certified, and as youve heard we have accumulated a fair number that are done but not certified.  Our de novo strategy, youve heard it before. Its the same as before, only we have gotten even more aggressive and intense about it, which probably means for the first time, we will start to have some failures, but we decided strategically it was better for us to be right only 90% of the time and do a lot more than be right 100% of the time and do fewer from a competitive strategy and long-term return point of view. I think there is really nothing new on this slide, although you may want to ask some questions in Q&A. On to acquisitions, here we talk about the fact just because of whats going on in the world and because we have cash that the world is on average a better place for us now in terms of the prices at which people are offering properties. Now, as always, you worry about that when prices are low thats because returns are lower. Well, the fact is our economics havent changed, but there is greater fear that they could of course. The good news for us is that smaller players have to think about that fear in a fundamentally different way than we do. So, were hoping therell be some nice opportunities for us to do more buying than we have been. In addition, for the small players, bundling and a general increase in regulations, there was a new set of regulations issued for our industry this year called new conditions for coverage  the basic conditions that every provider must meet in order to take care of Medicare patients, which added a whole bunch of operating costs for people and a whole bunch of difficulty, a whole bunch of reporting difficulty and other challenges, which are much more difficult to deal with if you dont have an integrated information system like we do and the standardized training programs for large numbers of people. So, you just put it all together. Back when things were booming, your had a fair number of people who were willing to sell at very high prices. You have more people willing to sell today and their valuation outlook is quite different. Does that mean anything is going to happen in the near term? Who knows, but its much better hunting grounds for us than it was a year ago. As we look forward, we say the range of non-acquired growth is 3.5 to 4.5 as we work away with the government trying to solve our certification delay issue, and in acquisitions, the same things will stay, right around that 1% level that we have hovered around for the last few years unless we get to buy one or two of the MDOs. On revenue for treatment, where so much of the game is played, this is the same fact, the same terrible fact that we have disclosed for years, which is that we lose money on average on 87% of our patients and charge more for the other 13% in order to make up for that. Certainly, if you were designing a healthcare system, its ridiculous, but thats the way our world has worked for 20 years now. If you just had to summarize everything because we tend to get this question in a lot of different forms, but on the one hand, payers are more consolidated and more sophisticated and so are we, and so everybody has got better helmets and is faster and so the game is still very intense. If you had to just summarize a whole bunch of stuff, thats where you kind of end up. Theres a whole number of things that havent changed, however. Number one, there is a trend of growing appreciation for who actually reduces total cost. That is good for us, painfully slow in emerging, but good for us. Number two, if you dont dialysis, you die, and theres no controversy about people getting too much dialysis. Weve had to go through a whole lot of EPO controversy, but as to the fundamental thing we do, there isnt any controversy. Many of the referrals that come to us are network independent. If you go to your doctor tomorrow and are told your kidney has failed and youre going to start dialysis in a week, you do not run to the book to find out who is in the network. You go to whatever person you think is best to keep you alive, and youre going to blow through your co-pays and deductibles no matter what. Thats not on your mind at that point. Living is on your mind. Its very different from a lot of other healthcare decisions that could be made both by the patient and by the payer. I talked about the loyalty before, and it is very important that any insurer have an adequate dialysis network. Theres increasing sensitivity when some insurers have tried to force patients to drive a very long way for the state legislatures or regulators to say you cant do that to someone who needs treatment three times a week to stay alive. It is your job to have a reasonably adequate network, meaning reasonable access, and it is still unambiguously true that they arent that many dialysis patients in America, and so a payer in any given city does not have that many compared to other types of patients. This is a slide we havent shown before because it wasnt as relevant, but if you think about our economic reality, that 13% subsidize 87%, a good thing for shareholders and a good thing for patients is that pretty much everybody realizes this is how it works, so you dont get someone who foolishly adopts a pricing approach which is suicide for them and their patients in the long term, and one metric is interesting. About 76% of the centers in America are owned by some sort of equity type of investors, either a private equity or folks like you, and as to the contract reality, I have made most of these points. Because of the stickiness, because of the variable cost structure, because of the intense loyalty, and because you are dealing with patients lives, this is not the kind of thing where you just cut prices to gain share or try to force thousands of patients to move with any ease. Onto mix, from the positive side, historically our mix has been relatively stable. The patient can stay in the private insurance for 30 months, and they drop off into Medicare, and good news that is more true today than it has been in the past is MSP which is code for Medicare Secondary Provision, thats essentially the provision that says you stay in private insurance for 30 months and Medicare is secondary during that time and then it becomes primary. There are more people in Congress that recognize that it would be good to extend this, good for the patient than ever before. It doesnt mean they are going to extend it tomorrow, but there are more members who understand it is actually a good policy, not just because it saves Medicare money, which they often need in order to get Medicare money to take care of other patients, but also the way they do it right now is, number one, discriminatory, dialysis patients are the only patients in America that cannot stay on private insurance if they want.  You can get cancer, AIDS, or whatever, but no other families get forced off of private insurance other than dialysis patients, so there is increasing sensitivity to the fact that it is really not fair because a lot of those people would prefer to stay on it, and second, it creates tremendous disincentives for the private insurance companies to do good for these patients, whereas they have very aligned incentives to make AIDS patients healthier, oncology patients healthier, because they have reduced hospitalizations and saves them money, and they know they are going to be with them for a while. In our case, not only do they not have that incentive, but they actually have the incentive to add negative values so that may be the patient will drop private insurance sooner and go onto Medicare, so it is perverse, negative, nasty incentives, and there is a growing appreciation for that, so we think at some point, they are going to do what is right for their budget and what is right for patients and extend that. On the other hand, in todays economy, we have got the unemployment issue and when COBRA starts running out for folks, are we going to have fewer private patients? You can do our own macro-analysis of that, as to whether or not that will happen before the government steps in and does something to ensure that people can keep insurance, and there are product mix shifts. When times are hard, more people will choose more restrictive plans than before, and on the margin, that will affect us, and the big elephant in the room in terms of economic questions for the long term is exactly how Obamas insurance exchange will work, if in fact it gets implemented as opposed to them just providing more and more subsidies for people to continue to be able to afford private insurance, and anybody who makes a confident prediction of how that will turn out, you should distrust for the rest of your life. If you just look at private revenue, it is such an important thing for our wellbeing. It is the same old battle. The economy is a big issue for us over the long term if the recession really is sustained and deepens for an extended period of time and this recognition that MSP is actually a good public policy even though, of course, large employers would prefer for it not to happen. Onto the government side, here is what happened with MIPA. MIPA is the name for the Medicare legislation that passed mid last year. Although we dont love the numbers in it, it was a victory in the sense that the year before, there was legislation to take $4 billion out of kidney care over the 10-year time frame, and then in MIPA, in fact, $1.6 billion was put into this segment over the 10-year time frame, so on a relative basis, it was a very significant policy victory.  The absolute numbers are not thrilling to us, but they are what they are, and for us, the holy grail of actually getting an annual market basket update which we have talked about for 10 years actually happened, and so starting in 2012, we have one, -1%, and of course we will be working hard to improve our reimbursement in the intervening years, but for those of you who have been around, you have known that we have talked about the need for a market basket update literally for 10 years and worked on it for 10 years, thats how long it took. Medicaid is not a big deal. On the other hand, it is not trivial either in that 4% is 4%, and if you take a 6% weighted average haircut, then you just do the math, and it is not trivial but it is not fundamental, and by far, California is our big issue, and California, which is where I live, has got its own budget issues to deal with, and the way that Medicaid can hurt you that you have to be sensitive to is not just rates, but also eligibility and other coverage issues, but it is more marginal than fundamental. If you wanted a step back from the government, separate from looking at specifically what they decide and specifically what the levers are and specifically what data sets they evaluate, the good news is we have got some long-term clarity, there is an automatic increase going forward. We are less exposed than most. There is this issue of 1000 centers that do not have on average the efficiencies that we have achieved. They chase us to keep up, that is good for the system, but you cannot have them closed, and bundling could turn out to be a very good thing for us. On the negative side, you got the fact that budgets are really tight, and they will be looking for Medicare money, so the free lunch period that we are in right now will go away, and when it goes away, it will go away with a vengeance. I mean that pendulum will swing back with great intensity. When that happens, I dont know, but it will be just like the capital markets in terms of a pervasive move swing that will happen quickly and in both directions out of proportion to reality, and then at the same time, there is an upside. There is an equal amount and equal probability of bundling risk because the government could make some mistakes in their numbers, and that would be bad, so bundling is very much the double-edged sword.
. :  The pharma spend is very large and 80% of it or so is EPO. In bundling, of course, the obvious statement is that there as opposed to being paid fee-for-service for drugs, were paid a capped amount, and if we could figure out a way to hold clinical outcomes constant and use less drugs, then we would get to keep the difference. Obviously, if the difference gets too big and it is pervasive, the government would reduce reimbursement accordingly, but there is an awful lot of upside between now and then, and of course, the mother of all upsides for us in bundling is the cheaper way to take care of anemia, because that is an awful expensive service that we provide now. We will more about that in a little bit. Amgens patent starts to expire in 2012, and then expires over a couple of years. There are people far more thoughtful than us who can tell you exactly the significance of each patent, and there are people far more thoughtful than us who can talk about the drugs in the pipeline. Our only point is that those companies are looking at a couple of billion dollars of market that they want to penetrate, and theyve got customers in that market who are eager for a lower cost alternative and have the ability to implement that with rare alacrity, the nature of which is rarely seen elsewhere in healthcare, and so a couple of billion dollars is a lot particularly again in an environment that has the architecture that we do in terms of implementation ability. This is what has gone on with EPO. The bad news is that is the percent of patients that are sub 10. You dont want to be sub 10. You dont want to have a hemoglobin or hematocrit sub 10. That is generally defined as being anemic, and that number is going up. Its going up for a number of reasons. This is our data. Its going up all the way across America the last couple of years, and in particular, what happened with us is that our physicians designed modifications to the protocol that weve put out there doctors to use or not use in part or in full and the revisions to the protocol were response to some of the new science and all the controversy over the last couple of years in this subject, and lots and lots and lots of our docs worked lots and lots of hours to say can develop a new protocol that narrows the distribution, that has more people between 11 and 12 and fewer people under 10 or over 13.  Thats a simple way to think about it, and so that protocol was recently implemented in a lot of our centers. It was exposed to a lot of physicians, and a number of physicians adjusted their practices according to the new protocol in part or in full, of course their own decision in each case, and thats what led to the drop in utilization and thats whats leading to this increase in sub 10. What happens next is difficult to say.  We anticipate that in Q1, there will be less EPO prescribed than in Q4 still; however, the fact that this number was already up to 7.4 in Q4 and it looks like its going to be up in Q1 has got a lot of our physicians concerned that maybe theyve gone too far the other way, that theyve been trying to narrow the distribution. We now have an unacceptable percentage of people that are sub 10. Exactly whats going to happen, we do not know. Our goal is to help them try to get as many people between 11 and 12 or between 10 and 13 as is possible. If my mother was on dialysis, Id much rather have her at 13 than 9.5, and that is true for many patients and is true in the minds of many doctors. G&A, heres what weve done over time. This excludes the whole stock expense accrual, but we have picked up 1.1 points of leverage, so its about $62 million of cost structure thats gone versus a few years ago, and we hope to do a little better in 09 than weve done in 08, continue the directional trend at least. Onto our related services outside the mother ship, all that stuff I said about high valued added provider, one of the reasons its important and has the potential to be relevant for you is that about 0.6% or 0.7% of the Medicare beneficiaries are dialysis patients, and if you add in those that are close to dialysis, it makes it about 1% of the patients, and they consume about 10% of the Medicare budget, so its a material line item and increasingly recognized as such, and most of it is outside the dialysis center, so were the very visible tail, but your ability to manage the dog is driven by the tail, and so were doing and have been doing four things in order to add more value for society and our patients and ultimately hopefully get reimbursed in an attractive way for doing that, and it really starts with dialysis care of course and then moves into preventing kidney failure and then managing the comorbid conditions.  About half our patients, for example, have diabetes. A majority have some type of cardiovascular issue. A third of them are hypertensive, and so theres just an awful lot of leverage which in general in healthcare is very awkward to get at, but since were with these patients already 12 hours a week, the incremental cost of adding high-value integrated care in kidney care is a fraction of what the incremental cost of trying to provide coordinated care to any other population because were with them all the time in a supervisory environment with an integrated information system. That operating reality doesnt exist, so these are the three big levers  delaying onset, avoid crashes in dialysis, and then reducing hospitalizations.  There are some real world examples. This is something were doing, nobody elses. Its a very large demo with CMS where were actually working to delay kidney failure, and you can see weve approached a very large control group. Its relatively unusual in CMS history to have a very substantial legitimate control group versus the population were working with, and even though this data includes a whole period where were just ramping up, were already showing a 1% drop in the percentage of patients who are entering into dialysis within a certain period of time. So the patients were taking care of, fewer of them are having their kidneys actually fail and going to dialysis in the control group which has similar characteristics, and were getting better at this all the time. As I said, this data includes the startup time, and when you start thinking about a program, this can look like a tiny number when you think about other people talking about 20% disease management or 30%, thats very nice when youre dealing with 6 patients and assign three nurses and a doc who is a zealot. Its a whole another thing to implement this in a real world normal community with thousands of patients doing normal things, and were doing that and doing it successfully, and were one of the few chronic care special programs that were renewed by Medicare recently. Similarly, were got one of the worlds longest and largest ever capitated pilots going. It could be the largest and longest ever. Its now up to over 400 patients in Southern California where were paid the full capitation and we take care of the patient in a very holistic way  hospitalizations, SNF care, surgery center care, the whole ball of wax. Were gotten better and better at it every year. This is just one of the steps that has to do with catheter rate. Very significant improvement, down to 14%, thats a very big deal for America if we can do that everywhere. Huge savings to the taxpayer, huge benefits to the patient, very important metric, and you can see the actuarial forecast at this point. This is the one with private payer. Its accurate, but its misleading. This is one of those classic disease management stuff people show, but this actually did happen in one payer although I always question the starting data to see if we actually had this much impact, but directionally we did reduce hospitalization significantly in a private population. Thats the message. So for Village Help which is what we call our disease management team, if you will, the positives are that were getting better and were improving outcomes, and there is this reform opportunity in America. Its really too bad that Senator Daschle withdrew, because he would have been a very nicely receptive audience for our very aggressive reform proposal. The negatives are you can just never be confident of anything in DC, and there would be challenges to scale and some of the regulations that they apply generically are bad for providing these new types of care. DaVita Rx is our specialty pharmacy, and this is another beautiful thing which we started from scratch. Our typical patient separate from what weve infused during the treatment is on about 8 drugs. My mom is on some of the similar things, and I know others of you have relatives where theyve got the blue ones, the black ones, the white ones, and some are two a day and some are one every other day. Its a real nightmare, and so our patients see their endocrinologist for diabetes, they see their cardiologist for their congestive heart failure, they see their internist for general stuff, they see their nephrologists, they might see a diabetic podiatrist for the ulcers in their foot. Its a real nightmare. They go to multiple pharmacies. No one knows, and no doctor actually knows what all theyre taking. Reflect on the fact that that statement is literally true, and its horrifying that a human being is getting 9 drugs, and no doctor knows all of them, but that the dominant reality.  This data is misleadingly positive. Its again accurate, so we couldnt change it, but the message you get here is were very good at helping patients adhere to taking their drugs, meaning they take the drugs they should when they should. Its a radical increase in the percentage of adherence. Assuming that prescriptions are right, thats very good for American healthcare. It keeps them healthy, and if youre a pharmaceutical company, its really good for you because theyre consuming a lot more of your drug, so its tremendous value in both directions, and then here you have hospitalization rates. This is in part withheld because it overlapped with some Village Health patients, so again dont lock and load on that number, but we are beginning to see what we expected to see which is healthier people, and its grown nicely. Its a scale business. Its grown 100% a year, and at the end of the year about $125 million revenue run rate, up from 0 a few years ago, and just going awesomely glorious things for human beings. We expect having better outcomes. The goal is to break even by the time were next together in this room or some functional equivalent, and the good thing about this is that no one else can go into a dialysis center, we dont have to let anybody into a dialysis center, so nobody else can go in and market to these patients, and we are incredibly linked to these doctors for all reasons you already saw. We do the access. We do the labs. Theyre medical directors of our centers, and so this isnt a space into which other people would lightly tread. There are tremendous barriers to entry that would get in the way of them having a return. Lastly, access  this again shows the point of access for an individual patient. This is one of our centers. Were by far the biggest and the best in this space. Theres glorious value to the patient. If you go in and your access is clotted, you can immediately go to one of these centers and get the procedure done that day and still get your dialysis on a timely basis, much more convenient than having to go to a hospital and potentially not getting taken care of till the next day or having to be admitted. The doctor loves it because of that quick response time, and the centers are in partnership with them. Theyre a part of their practice, and so they actually get some enhanced income at the same time with more quality control over the patient.  The payers save a lot of money because these centers charge much less than what youd pay in a hospital. Society benefits from all of the above, and for us, its a profitable business, so its quite a virtuous circle. The clinical outcomes are outstanding compared to what happens in general in this space from focusing on doing one type of procedure on a timely basis with good data feedback. Were at 57 centers, and theres just a lot of growth versus a year ago, and the negative on this while its still profitable is that we took a big reimbursement cut a couple of months ago. That hurt the numbers, but were still in the black. If you think about the 4 items, theres the Village Health disease management, the specialty pharmacy, the access centers, each of them attacking these big piles of clinical and economic waste, to attack them in a way thats coherent in the end you have to glue them together with information, and thats Falcon  our electronic medical record linking the access center to the lab, to the practice, to the dialysis center, and ultimately to the doctor at the practices web site and perhaps the patient home page. So this stuff is good. It loses money now, less this year than last year. We basically did right about what we said we would do this year. Were looking for a significant decline again next year, and the value proposition to payers is becoming quite coherent.  Our home infusion acquisition, the obvious statement about home infusion at the top and then perhaps one or two not so obvious at the bottom. Very fragmented, kind of like dialysis was 15 years ago, fits with out competencies in terms of running as a centralized service business, negotiating with payers, working with physicians, etc. Two other things is that over the next decade, there will be more dialysis done at home perhaps, and looking at the home through the glasses of a home infusion company, its been very healthy.  This sort of forced us to rethink some of our conventional wisdoms around that, and then lastly and over the long term the most exciting, over the short term probably a waste of time for most of you to contemplate, in America there are these pipelines of increasingly complex biologicals that require some value added distribution. You cant have people slip in to the hospital to get them, and you dont just send the drug out to 12,000 physician offices across America and then provide it, so what do you do? Well, what you do is perhaps use a network of 1500 low-cost facilities that have nurses, dietitians, social workers, text and integrated electronic medical systems that are incredibly convenient with patient parking and all the rest, and a home service capability attached to it as appropriate in order to do value-added delivery of a lot of these complex biologicals, so hopefully, in the years to come, all that rhetoric will actually mean something. Right now, its just a hope.  Heres the actual math. We had estimated the 08 number before, and we came in I think within $1 million of what said. Our estimate for 09 is roughly the same as what we said it would be a year ago, and once again, we are looking out another year to 2010, so you get a feel for the drop here.  How would I rate the efficiency with which weve spent the money here? Id give us a very poor grade. Weve gotten to a good spot, but weve been unimpressive in the amount of money weve spent to get there, so I think thats the right to characterize it. Financial review, Mr. Whitney.  
Richard K. Whitney : Just a few more minutes on some financial information, and then we will move on to take your questions. Revenue has grown from a little bit more than $2 billion in 2004 to a run rate at the end of 2008 of around $6 billion. Of course, a big part of this was the Gambro acquisition, a revenue CAGR of 25%. Its important to note that weve done without using any additional equity capital. Revenue per treatment 5-year CAGR 1% per treatment. Current year, flat for the reasons that we mentioned, the payer hits in late 2007, the pharma intensities. If you adjust for those things, revenue per treatment grew in line with the historical trends in spite of having no Medicare increase affecting us in 2008. On the private side, we continue to get modest increases overall, consistent with the levels of prior years.  Patient care cost trends, 5-year CAGR of 1%, very consistent trend. Operating income, last couple of years, from around $700 million to $822 million. Current year, as we mentioned 3% growth in spite of some pretty significant headwinds, so the payer hits, once again, fourfold increase in heparin prices, de novo certification delays, no Medicare increase. Margins decreased in 2008 back to around the 2006 levels for those very same reasons.  Youve seen this, earnings per share growth, 14% over the five years, 11% in the current year. Our cash flow is strong and growing, and if you step back and say what about your earnings growth over that time period and how does that compare to your cash flow, 2004 cash flow to 2008 cash flow up about $150 million. If you say, well, what about the earnings, look at the incremental operating income growth, look at the incremental interest expense, tax affected, and you get about $140 million. So the point is $140 million in earnings growth compared to $150 million of cash flow growth for turning our earnings into cash. Debt, we have $3.3 billion approximately of debt, 70% of which is fixed, 30% variable. If you count our cash, which is a natural hedge, about 80% of our debt is economically fixed, and we exited the year at a blended weighted average interest rate of about 5.1%. A little less than $800 million of our fixed rate debt is subject to swaps. Over the next year or so, more than half of those swaps will roll off, so absent any additional hedging activity, we would expect our fixed rate debt as a percentage of the total to go from 70% down to closer to 55%.  Debt maturities, the good news is that our big maturities are still 4 years off. We have a little more than $200 million in maturities over the next three years which we expect to fund out of our cash flow, and our term B matures in 2012, which will of course have to be refinanced, and obviously we continue to monitor capital markets to find opportunities to refinance those maturities ahead of 2012. Unfortunately, there havent been a lot of those opportunities in the last 9 to 12 months. Leverage, as Kent mentioned before, increased to about 4.5 times when we purchased Gambro. At the time, we said wed reduce it to three times. We did, and its at 2.88 times. We still believe that 3 to 3.5 times is the approximate optimal leverage for this business, given the stability of the cash flows that I can talk extensively about, and as we have said and in fact as we have done, from time to time we expect that we maybe have periods of time that would be below 3 times, periods of time when wed be above 3.5 times. Its really depending upon the particular circumstances. What about profit growth over the next few years. Thats what everybody wants to know. Lets look at a very reasonable scenario and step through it. Revenue growth  same-store growth, de novos, small acquisitions that we do every year, a little bit of treatment growth consistent with historical trends - revenue growth of 5 to 6%. Care business has a little bit of fixed cost leverage  not a lot, little bit, yielding operating income growth of 5 to 7%. Our balance sheet typically has a modest amount of financial leverage yielding net income growth in the 7 to 9% range, and to the extent that we use our excess cash flow to buy back shares and return capital to the shareholders or acquire additional centers beyond the normal levels, net income growth of 9 to 11%. So this is a very reasonable scenario. So you ask what are the big things that can cause you to be to do a little better than this scenario. Two things  private revenue trends and bundling transition, which as you know begins in 2011. Okay, what are the two things that can you to be below this scenario? Coincidentally, two biggest things are the same things  private revenue trends and bundling transition. Now, Id like to turn it back to Kent to wrap up.
Kent Thiry: Id just like to emphasize that if bad stuff happens in private revenue or bundling, then those numbers cant happen. Summarizing the whole package before Q&A, what is the bad news as you talk with your partners back at the office. Short-term EPO noise, the private risk, despite the track record you cant like the fact that we get investigated, the bundling risk which is nontrivial given how many things the government has to get right, and then the economy stuff if it stays bad for a long time. That would be relevant for us. On the other hand, weve got this wonderfully stable demand, weve got a cost structure and operating approach yields a nice cash flow where we get to make a lot of decisions along the way about debt versus repurchases versus de novos, versus acquisitions, versus holding it, as opposed to other places that have to place big bets at one given time for most of our stuff. We really get to make a lot of discretionary cash flow decisions quarter by quarter. We have a wonderful market position, and were poised to be buyer at a time when its nice to buy things if youre disciplined. Bundling, we might be able to do some good stuff in reducing pharma expense to benefit the taxpayer and ourselves, and this whole notion of the high-value provider being relevant both from a branding point of view, a responsible citizen. Its really fun to show these slides to someone in Congress that theres a return in that alone, and its not been trivial over the last couple of years, as well as the fact that we may be able to start monetizing more and more of that value-added capability which nobody has and in particularly the smaller players dont have. Onto questions, I think there are some people that have mikes, so fire away.
Kent Thiry: Itll be good if you introduce. Maybe we know each other, but go ahead and introduce.
Unidentified Analyst: I guess I just wanted to ask a few question relative to the economy. You talked about the downside, and I did want you to talk a little bit more about the downside of mix shift relative to unemployment, whether youre in fact seeing any of that in markets that have high unemployment and what your sense is for that, and then on the upside, which you didnt talk about, but I would think there are some possible upsides relative to the cost structure, and if you could just share with us your thoughts around labor turnover, labor cost in this economy, rent, and perhaps the supply cost side if there is anything that you see in the business that could be of help. Exec
Kent Thiry : On the first one, the downside, the answer to the question are we seeing any dropoff in our number of privately insured, the answer to that precise question is no, but were watching it with even more intensity than we have watched it in the past, which was pretty intense, so we will see. When people are no longer employed, many of them COBRA, and the government of course is contemplating all bunch of ways of supporting that, and in addition, about a half of our patients qualify for an additional 11 months of COBRA beyond the normal 18 because of the way the laws work around disability, and so we have sort of a double safety net, if you will, runway period for that person to become re-employed or for any other government program to kick in. So, we are scared, but the answer to the question is what I said.  On the upside in the cost structure, we do think that wage increases will be less in 09 than they were in 08, and we had one of our lowest nursing vacancy rates in a long time in the fourth quarter. That actually was we think too soon to be an effect of the meltdown. It was a product of a whole bunch of other stuff that we had been doing, but maybe was given a little nudge, and we think it is directionally representative of whats going to happen, that in general with the unemployment situation the market is going to say that you dont have to increase and cant in fact increase wages as much as in the past.  As to other parts of the cost structure, on the supply side, were doing all the normal battles. I have no systemic comments to make there, and on rents, they are going down, but because we already have this installed base of 1500 places for long-term leases and we only add 80 to 100 a year, its a small part of the cost structure that its not material.
Mark Arnold  Piper Jaffray:   Can you give, Kent, in some general terms how far the gap is between the expectations of some of these medium-sized dialysis organizations that have approached you guys versus the levels that you guys would find it accretive enough to make a deal? Thats the first question, and the second question is you brought up HomeChoice and you talked about the adjacencies, is that a business that you intend to grow and would you make further acquisitions in the home infusion space?
Kent Thiry: On the first one, can we usefully quantify the gap between our bid and their ask, the MDOs, possibly. Were in conversations, and who knows. To try to put in terms of gap of multiple, its too deal specific. I dont think I can give you a useful number. In the end, well see if we get something done or not. Were very glad we said no. We didnt agree. We didnt meet the gap last year, and everybody has reduced expectations this year. Virtually all of them have initiated conversations in the last year and a number of them recently, and then on the second one, HomeChoice, its unlikely well do any acquisitions in the near term. Were going to first see if we can demonstrate the right kind of de novo and same-store growth, and if we demonstrate that capability, then we would look at acquisitions, but not until weve got a track record of nice profit growth without it.
Kevin Ellich  RBC Capital Markets: I was wondering if you could talk about how much the certification delays could weigh on your non-acquired growth, and also the pharma utilization how much impact you expect going forward?
Richard K. Whitney : Its difficult to say on the certifications because its difficult to predict how this will change throughout the course of 2009. We are literally with 54 centers sitting waiting to be certified and without a plan in most of those cases as to exactly when theyll be certified. Its tough to say. We did 80 something de novos this year, so you can imagine thats a pretty big chunk de novo sitting there relative to a years worth of de novos, so difficult I think to quantify, but certainly half a point somewhere in there would be my guess, but I wouldnt even want you to lock and load on that because it really is so difficult to predict. So Id just say sort of a negative headwind is the way to think about it. 
Kent Thiry: On pharma utilization, I dont know that we can go any further in quantifying. We think Q1 will be lower than Q4. We think we are approaching the world of stability, that all doctors will have made their decisions based on all new information, and so whatever it will be, it will be that for a while, but its very difficult to predict what these thousands of folks are going to decide, and as I mentioned earlier we do know a lot of them are very uncomfortable with the growth in sub 10s, but when thats going to manifest itself in any change back to the way things were in Q4 or Q3, I dont know.
Kevin Ellich  RBC Capital Markets: What type of visibility do you have on how long youll see that headwind?
Kent Thiry: Absent any new studies, Id be surprised if we didnt reach EPO stability in the next five months, because again people process new information, they process new government policies, they process through the new protocol that a whole bunch of them developed, and make widely varied decisions, so if therere a couple of thousand doctors, each makes different decisions, not that everybody does the same thing. Just like with all drugs, you have some people who go to one doctor, hell say take four Advil every 4 hours and others would say, no, only every eight, and someone else will say take two. You get that same natural variability in what a doctor thinks is right on the margin, but Id be very surprised if we didnt achieve stability in the next five months, and Id be surprised if there was anything that would qualify as dramatic, which is not to say itll be trivial, but I dont think itll move into the dramatic category in either direction.
Arthur Henderson  Jefferies & Co.:  Kent, could you remind us are there any structural impediments to rolling out home dialysis from a reimbursement perspective, and the second question for Rich, and you may have discussed this, but uses the free cash flow, I know youve got a range of leverage ratio there, but could you discuss what your priorities are for that? 
Kent Thiry:  Whats your first question on home dialysis again? 
Arthur Henderson  Jefferies & Co.:  Are there any impediments to rolling that out quickly just from a reimbursement perspective or a structural perspective that needs to change before that really becomes embraced?
Kent Thiry:  The short answer is yes and that many payers resist paying. We think thats sort of logically indefensible. Home dialysis and dialysis more than three times a week has been done for 30 years. Its not an experiment, and it is intuitively natural to assume that doing something less acute more often is easier and in many ways healthier for your body. Having said that, my answer to the question is its still what it is, that you get lot of payers who resist because they just dont want to have to pay more.
Richard Whitney:  Art, on the uses of free cash flow, really nothing has changed in terms of the way we think about it. First priority is spending cash on growth investments where we can get good returns. After that, any excess cash, we constantly evaluate between our two basic choices which are debt reduction and returning capital to all of you here in the room, and those decisions are really just very situation dependent. Id say given the current situation, we decide between holding cash and returning cash to shareholders because paying down debt is really not a particularly attractive alternative right now because we cant re-borrow it under the same terms as we have borrowed it, and so we just make those decisions year by year, quarter by quarter, and this year we felt comfortable enough to return a little over $153 million of cash to shareholders, but we make those decisions with that excess cash quarter by quarter.  
Kent Thiry:  I want to go back on the home dialysis for just a moment. We are so far winning the overwhelming majority of cases because in those cases where doctors are prescribing more frequent dialysis, it is good for the patient. We do a great job of it. We do more of it than anybody in America, so its a tussle, but we are winning, and at this point the primary thing getting in the way of growth is while we havent been able to develop the right relationship with NextStage as opposed to not having the right relationship with payers because when we do more frequent dialysis right, we think we can reduce pharma use and hospitalizations, and so the aggregate mass for the payer could be quite attractive, so we are winning most of the time. The primary obstacle is much more. We just cant seem to get as good a working relationship with NextStage as we have with people like FMC and Baxter. You know that FMC is a competitor. 
(Mitch Campa  Mountain Lake):  When over the next several years, people goes off patents, do you think of your margins as staying similar in gross margin dollars or in gross margin percentage terms? How will the government look at the dramatic fall in the cost of your key items?  
Kent Thiry:  The way it will work is some companies are going to have other drugs and biologicals to treat anemia. Thats going to happen, and they will offer them to us at an attractive price, but you dont just flip a switch because there are loyalties, there are data differences, so in healthcare and in the kidney care space, you dont typically see a massive immediate conversion; however, you do sometimes see a pretty rapid shift. You can go back to the days of when Venofer came out, and in a very short period of time, a substantial percentage of our doctors switched to Venofer from the predecessor drug, and so there is always some mess, and different providers decide different things. Different providers have varying levels of ability to communicate with the physician community to actually implement a protocol. When you have a new drug, doctors are appropriately tentative because with any given patient youre making a dosing decision every month, maybe twice a month, and youre doing it for 80 patients, and so you actually want to get familiar with how exactly your patients interact, and this is where we can be so helpful to the doctor by providing easily digestible mass data about whats going on every month with a new agent as well as patient population specific data, whats going on with his or her patient. Therefore, our ability to implement something thats new and better or the same and cheaper radically exceeds that of many other organizations. Ergo, what you have happen when new things come out is even if they reduce the cost dramatically, if we do our job right, theyll reduce our cost more and faster, and therefore, there will be a period of time when others are trailing us, but we get the benefit of that new spread. Clearly, the government over time is going to be adjusting our reimbursement up and down as a community, but within that we think the odds are very healthy that well have a dramatically superior capability in implementing something thats better or cheaper.  
(Mitch Campa  Mountain Lake):  Although ultimately what you are saying is that if a big chunk of cost comes out of the system, the government will pick that up?
Kent Thiry:  Correct. 
(Mitch Campa  Mountain Lake):  It seems like in theory eventually we are going to get to the point where theres one person left on private insurance. Hes going to be paying $100 million, and the government will still be paying at a negative 10% margin, and when that person dies or loses his job, at some point we are going to have a new system, and your profit structure will be determined by something other than the happenstance mix of private pay and Medicare patients. How do you think about what your margin opportunity will be at that moment and why will it be greater or lesser than where it is today? 
Kent Thiry:  I actually think in the next 5 or 6 years, the odds are higher that there will be more private patients than fewer because the private payer timetable will be extended, and what we always have said is that when that happens, its a very good chance our rates will be lower, but our aggregate economics will be better and more secure, and so everybody can win in the sense that well actually be able to or be forced to bring private rates down, well actually have healthier mix between private and public, and itll go on that way forever. The only way the number of private insurance patients goes down is if the new administration actually changes the structure of insurance or there is a dramatic change in care that way disproportionately benefits people on private insurance versus people in government programs, so if diabetic care is going to get a lot better for people who are in general better off on private insurance, then that part of the new patient pipeline would be reduced relative to the government population which maybe isnt getting that high quality of preventive care or doesnt have the same ability in their lives to implement some of the new insights about taking care of their condition. Those are the two scenarios in which you would have fewer and one can attach a probability to insurance reform. There is X amount of probability to improve care on the private side disproportionate to the public. That probability is lower than the probability that private pay will be extended, and unfortunately in all cases it is a probability thing, none of those three is definite. 
(Mitch Campa  Mountain Lake):  In the scenario where we went to some kind of new structure for national health insurance, the nature of your profit structure would be the difference between your cost and the 1000 centers that today are barely breaking even. Is that the right way to think of it? 
Kent Thiry:  Yes. Its a reasonable way, and also for FMC thats a more complicated role since FMC does pharma now. They have a different calculation for making decisions just like for buying new products. They would have a calculation because they have their home brand, and so sometimes that means they might adopt something new more slowly. They also have a global relationship with Amgen, so that changes it a bit. They have a different calculation, so there might be differences in our penetration rate versus also. Who knows?
Richard Whitney:  Mitch, the other development that is relevant to this issue of Medicare losses, which is what you were referring to, is the implementation of automatic market basket increase in 2011 as part of the bundling reform, and so while it is still market basket minus, it is much better situation than where we have been historically, where weve had to fight every year for a rate increase. Some years we get them and some years dont. The years we dont get them, were clearly taking a big step back in terms of our Medicare losses, so I think thats a structural change that will not solve the problem but will help.
Gary Lieberman  Stanford Group Company:  Kent, just going back to the COBRA issue, can you talk about to what extent the industry does or can help patients subsidize COBRA if they cant afford it?  
Kent Thiry:  Yes. The question is to what extent can the community help patients pay for COBRA, take advantage of COBRA, and Ill answer and then other people correct me if dont get the words exactly right. There is a group called the American Kidney Fund which exists to provide premium assistance for dialysis patients, kidney care patients. Its been around for a long time. Its blessed by the OIG because if there werent that assistance, thered be a lot of patients in serious trouble, and so that safety net does exist. 
Gary Lieberman  Stanford Group Company:  Is there any idea what percent of commercial patients actually get some sort of subsidy? 
Kent Thiry:  I do not know. People will check to see if we can give you that answer. 
Gary Lieberman  Stanford Group Company:  You mentioned being a little bit more aggressive on the acquisition front. Can you talk about what you are seeing on the competitive front? You mentioned private equity. Are you seeing more new entrants into the market, fewer, or the same as you have seen over the past couple of years? 
Kent Thiry:  We were seeing more and more until five months ago. Weve seen none since then. Now more people are heading for the exits than the entrances. 
Gary Lieberman  Stanford Group Company:  Rich, on your patient care cost per treatment, it looks like you took about $10 out of that number if you look at the last number. Last quarter, you reported at 242, and then you are reporting it at 232 this quarter, so is there is some change that you guys made to how you are actually reporting that?
Richard Whitney: Yes, there is. Let me just do a fact check for you. Gary, what we did actually in response to feedback from a number of you is that weve put in the financial metrics, the segment information, and then when we show our patient care costs, were only showing in these metrics the dialysis and lab segment patient care cost. Of course, the other segment has a number of costs that dont relate to dialysis treatment, and so the segments were beginning to get large enough that they were creating distortions in the quarter by quarter trends in the cost per treatment, so we pulled those out, so the actual if you look in the supplemental information, the sequential trend was still improved from Q3 to Q4, but it was 232.50, down to 228.29, so the improvement was about 1.8% sequentially.
Gary Lieberman  Stanford Group Company:  That $10, is that in G&A or where are you putting that?
Richard Whitney:  On the face of the P&L, itll show up in the same spot that it always has because the P&L has consolidated both segments, but in the supplemental information, what we have done is showing the dialysis segment separately the numbers and metrics, and then the non-dialysis segment separate, just the numbers. We havent started putting metrics in there really because we got kind of a hodgepodge and its hard to come up with any metrics that youll find meaningful, and again its still 5% of our revenue, so its relatively small.  Gary, we dont have the answer to your question about what percent gets subsidy, but I think what we can say is relatively a few number of patients who are eligible for COBRA are not able to elect COBRA because of financial reasons, so they can either afford it on their own or they get assistance.
Valerie Brown  AllianceBernstein :  Do you see any evidence that better management of chronic kidney disease is actually slowing the rate of growth in terms of demand for kidney dialysis services, and secondly, could you talk a bit more specifically about the ways in which you are preparing for bundling? Are there technological advances that you plan to implement that would allow you to optimize care while also minimizing the amount of EPO that you use or other significant elements of expense?
Kent Thiry:  The short answer is no. It appears right now that any improvements in the way diabetics and hypertensives and people with other types of kidney disease issues, any improvements to how they are being treated is being offset by the fact that there is just more of them because of the growth in the diabetic and hypertensive population period because of the growth of the Hispanic, African-American, and elderly populations. The qualifier to that and maybe may answer is actually directionally false. If you look at the historical data and say its been running at 2.6 to 3.8 and over the 5 to 6 years, its pegged at 3.1 as a consensus estimate, then the answer I guess is the opposite, and maybe there is a net slight change, so maybe thats the best quantification of it, but it is those two titanic forces sort of pushing against each other. On the second one, right now, we dont have any insight sitting on the shelf that were going off on January 1, 2011, and change our cost, but were be working on it, but right now we dont have any powerful implementable idea on the shelf ready to be unleashed. The good news is we have some time to work on that, and we will, but so far, no luck. 
Unidentified Analyst: How long in your view could the MSP be extended before it became so significant for the private payers that it began to be negative for you instead of positive, number one? Number two, will there be any issues in 2012 if Amgen decided to inactivate all such business? Could they buy the dialysis chain? Would there be regulatory issues with that? Third, with respect to de novos, I assume you always have things that are waiting certifications, so how many could you have in the pipeline awaiting certification that were already built a year ago and what would your de novos plans be for the next two or three years? 
Kent J. Thiry : How much of an MSP would be so long that it will turn out to be negative because of how private service would react? I think in no way would it ever be a negative for two reasons. One, I think we would fully anticipate and be very open to having lower rates on average in exchange for having the increased mix. That will probably happen, and thatll be fine with us on that basis. Its still a positive. It would also be much better again because then these patients would get the investment in wellness and prevention that doesnt currently happen, but thats sort of an editorial aside. So I see no scenario in which an extension would be negative for us.  Could Amgen buy a dialysis company? The answer is yes to the best of my knowledge, but I think they will stick to the strategic decision making pattern theyve had for 15 years which is they dont buy the distributions systems, so to speak. Thats fraught with complexity and unintended consequences and all that kind of stuff, and in fact would create a stunning regulatory scrutiny even beyond which already exists as well as competitive dynamics because they couldnt buy everybody, and then you get that classic thing of people that they havent bought would be competitors as well as customers, and thats always delicate, although weve gotten to a point with FMC where we work very well together, but it took a while to get there. 
Richard K. Whitney : On the de novo certification question, in rough numbers, its about double; however, what I would note is that the de novo certification issues will go back more than a year and really just have been intensifying as more and more become an issues, and states remain at issue for longer periods of time, so significant.
Kent J. Thiry :  I want to go back to an earlier question quickly because I got the hard data I was searching for. With respect to home dialysis and payers, we have never had a situation where we couldnt get paid for additional treatments, so we have always won in the end because the clinical evidence is what it is, but your question was is there a tussle and all that kind of stuff, and the answer is yes, theres a tussle, but I wanted to make sure I didnt say something that wasnt exactly accurate. So if weve lost them somewhere, we dont know about it, and we track it relatively carefully. Weve always won in the end because the darn evidence is the darn evidence. 
Unidentified Analyst: The percentage of treatment revenue, how much is that patient pay out of pocket? I guess that probably is very tiny. Given the economic environment, do you see any change in that in terms of ability to pay out of pocket, and the second question is regarding the MSP extension, obviously next year the Congress has to work out a way to fix the physician fee problem because 20% cut. Do you think that will give them more incentive to maybe find money from other places and MSP extension may happen in 2010? The third question is regarding the CKD demo with CMS. Im wondering do you have any idea when that instead of demo maybe implemented. Do you have any timeline for that?  
Kent J. Thiry :  On the first one what percent of our revenue is self-pay, virtually zero. Thats because we have universal Medicare safety net, and all plans cover dialysis because its not a discretionary thing, so that answer is very clean. On MSP and the fact that Congress has a huge gap to fill, if theres no change in legislation, as many of you know, the doctors reimbursement plummets, and so historically Congress has needed to fill that, and to fill that you have to find pay force in the normal world, which well probably get back to by the time this comes around, and yet MSP some people would think about as one of the pay force for that. The other big thing lurking about is the whole thing about specialty hospitals scored savings and then you have Medicare Advantage scored savings, so there are a number of things on the short list.  The demo, when could that become a broader reality, Id say the earliest would be three years from now.  
Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank Securities:  Going back to my notes, I think a year ago you said that around 15,000 patients was the breakeven point, and youre saying youre still losing money at this point, so at $125 million revenue rate, the question is what is the level of revenue and what is the patient count, or what is it structurally about the business that can get you to the profitability? I think a lot of your shareholders want to know why youre still investing in losses in that business at this point.  
Kent J. Thiry : We used to think that breakeven was going to be about 22,000, I thought, so we have to go check the transcript to see if I said something different, but it has moved around as weve learned more about the business. Im just saying the number that I remember from the past, and it is lower now. I actually dont know the answer to the question. I know its lower than 22 because were getting very close as it is which is why were forecasting breakeven by the end of the year, and the CBM business especially pharmacy business is a high fixed cost, scale intensive business. It just is, and the cost of selling into this many centers, building out the three pharmacies, building the software to deal with our customized population, and dealing with the classic pioneer thing, we had to get Medicaid legislation changed and Medicaid regulations changed in 4 to 5 or 6 states, so theres been our learning curve. Theres been changing regulation. Theres been educating doctors, payers, etc. Its quite a slog. Its a classic pioneer thing where you get the arrows, and so we know that the cost structure will continue to get better over time, absent some discontinuity. Why are we continuing to do it? For three reasons  one, we think we are going to hit profitability and we think we can get to where the return on capital is very nice. Second, it is tremendous value added to pharma which is sort of a good spot to be in, and third, its part of having that aggregate control over the total patient and the economics and care around it which is where some of the big opportunity could be. Is there a chance that it will turn out to be a failure, that it will not get to being profitable, and we will shut it down? Yes, there is that chance, but something will have to change. For the first time I can say that unless something in the world changes, it is highly likely that we are going to get to the point where it is profitable. Now, something could change in the world if they dramatically change the way reimbursement works or do something to change the cost structure, but now its just a matter of taking our growth to the next level.
Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank Securities: The loss estimate for 09 was built into the guidance? 
Kent J. Thiry :  I think what we probably said is just deal with the aggregate because there are lots of shared costs across these units, so it gets kind of arbitrary. As we said, last year was 34 in aggregate. This year is about 22, and next year about 14, and so they are subset of the 14, so in the grand scheme of things, its not something that allows you to put a pretty small box around it.
Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank Securities: As it relates to consolidation, you commented a lot about the MDOs in the West. Im wondering if you can just spend a moment or two talking about international and how you view international as a priority over the next three to five years as a new element of growth for the company.
Kent J. Thiry : Regarding international, looking backwards, no one has ever done a good job for their shareholders by exporting healthcare service, but thats looking backwards. The world is different, and so in the next 5 years, we may do some small joint venture with the right kind of local player in some other major country as a way of seeing if we can constructively with reasonable returns start to move down the path of becoming a significant player outside of America. Weve had some conversations, very casual. The brand of DaVita American Kidney Care is actually very attractive to people who are significant healthcare players in some other countries, so I wouldnt contemplate just sort of bopping into a country and setting up dialysis centers, but there are major healthcare players in countries who look at us as a very attractive partner, and that could make economic sense in a way that doing nothing is not prudent, and going in alone and thinking youre going to learn a lot of stuff and grow a lot is not prudent. I think its going to be economically material in your investment timeframe, but as I said theres a solid chance that well try something with a partner that could work out very nicely. 
Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank Securities:  As it relates to bundling, we heard the response that youve got off the shelf that youre going to implement, but perhaps if you could just talk a little bit about the delivery of care and specifically PD and what DaVita is doing right now with that particular initiative and how important do you think PD will be with bundling.
Kent J. Thiry : First of all, the current trajectory of PD is flat, basically for us and for American. Its actually been a slight decline both for us and for the country over the past couple of years, and we think in the new world of bundling and in the new world of improvements that have happened in PD in terms of clinical outcomes, there will be more PD in the future than there is now, but were not seeing it yet, but we think that that will happen. PD is peritoneal dialysis, and it is when as opposed to getting hooked up to a classic machine and coming to a center, you have a fluid exchange. In PD, you dont have to come into a center and youre far more mobile in your life. Those are the reasons for it. The reasons against is that the patient has to be more self-sufficient, and if you make mistakes, you can get an infection thats bad for you, and about 8% of our patients are on PD now. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Can you discuss about whats driving the delay in certification and what percentage of the 54 which are currently delayed are in Texas?
Kent J. Thiry :  Texas is one of the worst states in this. I dont know about percentage, but its disproportionate. Part of that is just because Texas is disproportionate in terms of population, and part of it is they are also disproportionately behind. What drives it is typically state budgets. Their surveyors say were going to certify these other types of facilities first because theyre higher priority, and its like being number four to the buffet when theres only food for three. We just sit there, and while at times in the past weve had delays, theyve never been like this, which is taking up our solution game to the next level both at the federal and state level because it is not a sensible position since, again, this doesnt cost the system any more money, so thats not part of the motivation, and in fact, sometimes the states charge some fees so they actually get money. What were willing to do as a community is literally user fees. Well pay enough to cover the cost so that they can add people, so in the end, that could be the way that this gets solved because the expense of an actual survey is miniscule, so well see if thats there we end up. We already do that in one state where we had this problem existed, and now that community pays the state enough that they can hire enough surveyors and therefore its better for everybody. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Any sort of estimates of when the pipeline of delay should shrink?
Kent J. Thiry : No, because were dealing with these different decision makers in different states, and we dont know how long it will take us.
Unidentified Analyst:   A followon question to that would be the implications of these delays on your CapEx for 09 and 10.
Kent J. Thiry : In some states, it will mean we are less likely to build de novos or we wont. In some other case, we still may because its the right strategic decision because if we build in a timely basis, it could mean someone else will never build and we want to be there even if we have to wait 9 months, but in some case, its already changing our calculations, and in some areas, we are not building stuff that wed otherwise have built.
Unidentified Analyst:   What kind of capacity do you have in Texas and whats your ability to add capacity in Texas, and whats the regulatory environment to adding capacity to existing center? 
Kent J. Thiry : I do not know. I know its not going to solve our problem. Its not that by adding more stations to our existing centers, we make up for the fact that these other ones are not open, so its not a solution to our problem, I can tell you that, and I dont know what the exact number is.
Unidentified Analyst:   Whats taking so long for certifications and what other states youre having getting certification, and isnt there a standard to which these sites are to be built and work with the people as youre building them?
Kent J. Thiry : That would be rational. Weve proposed that. We have had no takers. What the state says is our surveyors are busy surveying other stuff and call us when youre done building. There is one other segment that actually gets to self-certify. The logic is if it was applied to us, so youre built 1449 of these successfully, maybe you can do another one, and so we would attest that were ready, and if we are ever found to have attested incorrectly when they ultimately get there, thered be big penalties, which we would absolutely welcome that. Thats another alternative thats being discussed, but theyre not geared up to start coordinating with us during construction or anything. We can give them all the heads-up in the world. If they have a backlog, they dont put you on the list until youre done, and then you are where you on the list and if they continually put stuff that they think is higher priority above you, you sit and sit and sit. Thats how it works or doesnt work as the case may be, and thats why we have go in now and propose some structural solutions. The good news is in 87 cases it worked, and then unlike history, in 54 cases it hasnt worked well enough, although some of those opened quite recently, so theyre not really late, but again if youd give us a call, wed be happy to take all the advice possible on this, but in many we work very well with the local governments and in some cases not so well, and we need to get better a that.
Unidentified Analyst: What kind of growth rate are you looking for? You said about 70 to 80 de novos a year is what youre looking for. How many are you looking for in a year? What kind of volumes do they have to do and does it vary per state?
Richard K. Whitney : In 2009, we havent provided a particular number of de novos, but we would hope to be able to do a similar number this year, but again we have the uncertainty of the certification issues. We provided a CapEx for de novos and acquisitions, and as we usually say where we end up at the end of the year depends upon our ability to identify projects that we want to do, and so we have a pretty good sense at the beginning of the year. Obviously, a lot of things are in the pipeline, but on the margin, it really does depend on what things we end up deciding to move forward on in the first and second quarter of the year. 
Unidentified Analyst:   How do you look for locations? What do you look for in a location?
Richard K. Whitney : Very situation dependent. It often depends upon where the doctors practices are located, depends upon where the hospitals are, where our physician partners round on patients, depends where the patients that we expect to be serviced by center live. We do the normal real estate site searches with the normal help and identify sites.
Justin Lake  UBS: Specifically on the gross margin, it was interesting to see that the actual gross profit dollars for treatment increased in the quarter despite revenue per treatment being down. Given that youve talked about that being specifically pharma related and everyone is focused on pharma volumes quarter to quarter, is the read through there that does this speak volumes to how potentially little profitability is left in the drug reimbursement? Do you see that as less of an issue going forward? Any volatility there as far as the bottomline impact? Anything you can tell us about that would be helpful.
Richard K. Whitney : When you say gross margin, I assume you mean operating margin?
Justin Lake  UBS: The patient costs per day actually went down more than the revenue per treatment. Is there anything else that happened in the quarter that we should look at?
Richard K. Whitney : We did have some sequential improvement in other costs including labor costs, if you recall labor costs were high in Q3, higher than the trend line in Q3, so we did have a return back to trend line on labor costs, so that would be one of the big items, but your point is, as weve said the margins are a lot lower than they used to be pharma and part of the reason why youd see a $3.80 sequential decline in revenue per treatment and not see as big of an impact on the bottomline is you would expect, if for instance it was a range of change. 
Justin Lake  UBS: Can you give us a breakdown? Was it 50-50 on the labor versus the pharmacological?
Richard K. Whitney : I dont have the ability to do that off the top of my head, and Id also say it wasnt just labor. There were a number of other cost items that we improved on in the fourth quarter, and part of that is the little bit of spike we had in patient care costs in Q3, and part of it sort of this tightening down a bunch more than we normally do just given the environment. 
Justin Lake  UBS: Is this a good run rate for Q1?
Richard K. Whitney : Q1 is always a tough comp sequentially with lower treatment days and payroll costs, and other things that are specifically to the first quarter. People have co-pays and deductibles that are different in the first quarter, etc., so first quarter is always a tough comp, and you know we are not going to give particular guidance, but in many years we have a small decline sequentially in the first quarter.
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.:  Can we get a more precise number as to what percentage of the delayed facilities are in Texas because clearly if its 50% of the facilities and you can solve that one Texas issue, it has a much bigger impact than if it were spread across 50 different states?
Kent Thiry:  Its 13. 
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.:  13 out of the 52? 
Kent Thiry:  Its 54. 
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.:  When you talk about the MDO, can you may be sort of give us an idea as to what patient count characterizes an MDO?
Kent Thiry:  Its never been technically defined, but I guess we would define an MDO as anybody with at least 25 to 30 centers and then they go up to 100 or so. There are a bunch of them in that pocket, and I do want to be clear in my language. I said virtually all. Its very important that that the one who hasnt retains the right to say that they havent and one of them can make that claim therefore, and thats healthy.
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.:  Given the size of what we are talking about here. Is it sort of a safe assumption that were you to start acquiring these as long as it was one or two of these groups that its probably something you could finance currently with existing cash/existing liquidity rather having to do a credit transaction. In another words, is the biggest hurdle right now getting there on price or is it getting there in terms of financing?
Richard Whitney:  Its the former, getting there on price. Our existing arrangements do not restrict us from doing the acquisitions we would otherwise want to do. Presumably we have the adequate liquidity to do it. We have about $400 million of cash. We have $200 million roughly available under the revolver or a little bit less, and we generate cash, so its more of the former.
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens Inc.: Kent, given your first comment about wanting to get the self-inflicted wounds behind you of a couple of quarters a go, can you give us a characterization as to maybe over the past couple of quarters how youve been working internally to make sure (a) that doesnt happen again and (b) can you characterize the general level of the relationship between you and the private payers when it comes to these annual rate discussions you have?
Kent Thiry:  As to what we have done differently so that while we cant guarantee positive results, we can guarantee more thoughtful work that we did for a stretch there back in 2007, one of the keys was just brining Mr. Whitney back, and the second was just making it a bigger part of mine and some other peoples lives again, and so we learned a painful lesson, and again it doesnt guarantee good results, but guarantees were putting the A team on the field every time. The second part, they are not the same because there is more conversation going on which we said a year and a half ago, and with some, the relationships are starting to move a little bit in that collaborative direction where we say we can help you reduce total cost, we can help you deal with people who are really charging you atrocious rates, and so with some, there is the beginnings of actual collaboration, baby steps, and with others, it more still just the conventional fight over the rate, and neither side wanting to go into the capitalistic equivalent of nuclear war because everybody has sustained some casualties in that, so its a mix, but different from a year and a half ago or two years ago. Over the last two years, there has been a lot more thoughtful data driven quality conversations than there was in the two or three years prior to the last two years.
Andreas Dirnagl  Stephens, Inc.: This is not a question as to whether it was the right thing to do at the time, but given where we are today, looking back at the Gambro transaction and the guidance you gave at the time of the transaction being dilutive in year one, neutral in year two, and accretive in year three, would you agree that that was probably overly conservative?
Kent Thiry:  Well, it turned out to be incorrect. Ill leave it at that. I use the metaphor often internally. If an NBA championship series goes to seven games, and one team wins by two points in the seventh game, if you read the paper for the next year, itll seem like that championship team is just way better than the number two team, and number two team has got a lot of problems and weakness, but the pros know that it was this close and could have gone the other way, and so just because something works, doesnt mean it was a great decision, and just because something doesnt work, it doesnt mean its a bad decision. Im not trying to be too cute. There was a lot of stuff we were scared of, but it has worked out as well as we hoped and better than we expected, but I was wrong. Ill repeat that.
Bill Wolkstein  Centurion Capital:  I have a question about the lifeline vascular access centers and your attempt to vertical integrate this whole process. Are the vascular surgeons and the interventional radiologists independent contractors or are they DaVita employees? Thats my first question. The second is are you able to recoup facility fees for either the surgeries or the interventions? The last question is approximately what percent of patients in the dialysis pool have either de novo AV fistulas done at those centers or maintenance of the shunts and grafts done at the centers?
Kent Thiry:  We have about 60 to 70 centers depending on how you calibrate the pipeline, and Id say on average they take care of patients from three, four, five centers, so maybe 25, 30% of our patient base has the benefit of a focused vascular access center. Id like you to follow up by sending an e-mail to LeAnne, Rich, or someone because I never calculated that number, so I dont know how far off it could be. Its just spontaneous. The second, most of the procedures are done by interventional nephrologists. We have trained more nephrologists to be interventionalists than anyone else in the history of the world, and so its typically a nephrologist who decides they want to be an interventionalists, and they are part of the nephrology group, sometimes still doing some regular nephrology, often focusing entirely on the procedure, so its a glorious thing because they have all the contextual knowledge as well as the procedure expertise. Thats part of the reason why the outcomes are so superior to what happens when someone goes into a hospital and goes to a classical vanilla vascular surgeon to do an access thats put at the end of the afternoon shift because its a low margin thing for the hospital. Its just one of the reasons its glorious, and then the center is actually owned by practice. Its an extension of the practice, and we are the manager and get paid a management fee. Thats how it works.
Unidentified Analyst:   I just want to revisit a topic that you spent some time on last year relative to payer contracting and out-of-network conversion that you mentioned as a risk factor. That was an important topic last year. I want to revisit and see where we are, how you think you are in that conversion process, and then one other element that I think is interesting is your competitors talking about as it relates to structural changes with managed care contracting and doing more bundling, and how you as an organization are thinking about that?
Kent Thiry:  The percent of our private business thats bundled has gone up every year, and we expect that will continue, and we are totally agnostic bundle versus fee-for-service in the private side. We are totally happy to do either, but the percent of the book thats bundled has gone up every year, and we expect that will continue, and then second, on out-of-network, out of network people are at higher rates than in network. Our dream is a world where we dont have any out of network patients. We much rather not have one patient at $10 and one patient at $25. We much rather have both of them at $17.50, and thats where we would like to get with all payers. Its a better system for everybody. We cant unilaterally disarm and walk away from out-of- network rates unless we have our contracted rates that are adequate to subsidize the Medicare/Medicaid group, and so hopefully in not too many years, we will be out of the out-of-network business, and go to healthy contracts at a stable midpoint with all the major payers.
Unidentified Analyst: In that process, are you able to able to preserve your economics as you migrate to that over time?  
Kent Thiry:  Yes. As Rich said if you take out the self-inflicted wounds of 2007 and look at 2008, that was a year in which there was an increase in bundling. There was an increase in some resolutions on this out of network versus in-network issue with some payers, and we had net-net some modest rate increases, so the empirical answer to the question is that it has gone towards a more stable healthy footing, and we have come out fine. We didnt come out with big whopping increases, but we didnt come out with decreases. We came out with modest increases, and what we want to deliver back to the payer is quality that reduces total cost and certainty in a part of their medical loss ratio where they dont have to worry about the variability that we can lock into some mutual stability for the long term, and we are getting more of that kind of thing done each year, but its still not enough or fast enough or broad or deep enough for us to get bold about predicting because you just never know when you are going to be put back into some nasty battle, but so far so good.  We do want to thank you all for your perseverance and resilience, and we will do our best job between now and a year from now when we get together again. Thank you very much.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-03 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Kent Thiry - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Richard Whitney - Chief Financial Officer LeAnne Zumwalt - Investor Relations 
Analysts: Justin Lake - UBS Gary Lieberman - Stanford Group Company Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co. Dawn Brock - JP Morgan Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates Andreas Dirnagl - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. Gary Taylor - Citigroup
Operator: Good morning, my name is Clara and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the third quarter 2008 earnings call. All line versus been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Ms. LeAnne Zumwalt, you may begin your conference.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Thank you, Clara and welcome everyone to our third quarter call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. Im LeAnne Zumwalt, and with me today are Kent Thiry, our Chairman and CEO; and Rich Whitney, our CFO. I will start with the forward-looking statement disclosure. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements, which can generally be identified by the content of such statements or the use of forward-looking terminology and includes statements that do not concern historical facts. All such forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and annual report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements, whether as a result of changes in underlying factors, new information, future events, or other developments. Additionally, our Press Release and related disclosures include certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures should be considered in addition to the results prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered a substitute for GAAP results. Also included in the Press Release is a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. I will now turn the call over to Kent Thiry.
Kent Thiry: Thank you, LeAnne. Q3 was a good quarter and our near term operating prospects look solid. Ill provide a review of the following items; first, clinical results; second, public policy; third, our COO transition; and fourth our 09 forecast and longer-term outlook. Clinical results first, and we continue to present them first because that is what comes first. We are first and foremost a caregiver company now serving approximately 111,000 patients every week. Before getting into detail, its useful to state one fact, you can in a crude way divide the dialysis segments into three thirds; one-third is DaVita; one-third is FMC; and the final one-third is a lot of small providers. The clinical outcomes of the first two-thirds, DaVita and FMC are better than the average of the final third which is not to say that there arent a lot of wonderful, wonderful outstanding providers in the third-third, but the average is the average. In addition, DaVitas and FMCs ability to report truly standardized clinical outcomes through a standardized methodology is also differentiated from the final third and a great asset that they bring to Medicare. Now on to the specifics; first, with respect to adequacy which is essentially how well we are doing at removing the toxins from a patients blood, this quarter 94.3% of our hemodialysis patients had a Kt/V greater than 1.2, thats 90-day data. Second, with respect to vascular access, 61% of our patients have fistulas placed to receive dialysis, which is of course the preferred form of vascular access, thats 90-day data also. Third, on the subject of anemia management, where there has been so much noise for so long and we are trying to figure out the best way to categorize our clinical outcomes, we provide the following. First, the percentage of our patients, where their average outcome over the last three months is between 10 and 13, thats the hemoglobin of course and that number is 87% and the data suggests very strongly better than most in America; second, only 5% of our patients over the last three months were below 10, a very, very generally acknowledged threshold below which hospitalizations go up and people are less healthy. I forgot one clinical outcome and in many ways its the most important. Our 2007 mortality rate was 17.0%, and that compares very favorably to the average to the rest of the nation and most particularly to the third-third. Second, in regard to public policy and legislation, Congress will be looking for savings in Medicare in 2009. We hope for better position in most segments given we already have clear Medicare deficits and because major reform was passed earlier here in 08, it is legislated to be implemented between now and 2011, and it would be dangerous to muck around with the train already being redesigned. That said, no segment should think its immune to the physical pressures that exist. Somewhat ironically for us, Medicares need for money increases the probability of a patient coverage extension also known as MSP. More congressional members and staff than ever realize now that our patients are the only citizens in the United States who can pay private insurance premiums for 15 years and then get kicked off private insurance when their kidneys fail shortly, thereafter. This policy also creates a big disincentive for private plans to invest in the same kind of prevention and wellness for these citizens as they do further chronically ill people. So enough on public policy, pending Q-&-A session. Third subject our upcoming COO transition. After more than eight years, Jim Elva will be stepping down as most of you have already heard, his contributions are as obvious as they are big. The succession has been worked on over the last couple of years with Joe and the Board of Directors and myself, and others and Joe in fact is going to continue working full-time for six months after the hand-off and then part-time in a number of important functions for some time thereafter and we are excited to be adding Dennis Kogod, into the COO role.  He has been in dialysis more than eight years, five with Gambro with a senior spot and then at DaVita ever since we bought Gambro and his experiences are extensive, not only he has been running more than $1 billion of the base business, hes also been in charge of de novos, hes also been charge of purchasing, hes also run clinical operations, hes run compliance operations, hes run recruiting, hes run the vascular access business, hes been responsible for DaVita Clinical Research and Medical Informatics and I could list other items, but the point is hes had a very, very broad exposure now ever since he came to DaVita, and if anyone wants to ask any questions more broadly about the topic of the instances of planned succession in the C level over the last three, four or five years are looking forward, will be happy to provide that additional color in Q-&-A. Weve had an awful lot of nice orderly planned successions over the last few years. On to subject number four, our outlook. We do expect to be near the mid-point of our 08 operating income guidance range, which has been $800 million to $840 million. Our operating income guidance for 09 also remains the same, the same that we provided three months ago, namely $820 million to $880 million and this guidance assumes the loss of fair number of private patients in order to defined rates that allow us to subsidies the government deficit. Ill now turn the call over to Rich Whitney, the CFO who will share more details and analysis with you.
Richard Whitney: Thanks, Kent. The third quarter was characterized by solid and on plan operating income, lower reported volume growth, stable private pricing and strong cash flows. A few key details about these results; first volume, reported non-acquired growth of 3.8% was adversely impacted by the calendar and by two Hurricanes. Normalizing for the number of Monday, Wednesday, Friday treatment days are non-acquired growth was 4.2%. Hurricane Gustav and Ike had a 0.2% adverse impact on our treatments in the quarter so further normalizing for this impact our non-acquired growth would have been 4.4% in the quarter. We still expect non-acquired growth in the range of 4% to 4.5% for the year. Next revenue, dialysis revenue increased $0.44 a treatment sequentially from Q2. This is primarily reflection of improved commercial mix and rate as we continue to be successful in maintaining our price discipline with private payers. Other revenue increased $3.10 per treatment sequentially due to the growth of our non-dialysis businesses including the continued growth of our specialty pharmacy. As for expenses, overall operating expense increased $3.62 per treatment sequentially. A majority of this increase was due to the growth in our non-dialysis businesses, which adds expense without adding associated treatment count. Expenses for these businesses have been generally inline with their revenue growth, though they do as a group, have lower margins than our core dialysis business. The remainder of the increase was due primarily to increased labor costs driven in part by the two hurricanes as well as training related to the implementation of the new Medicare conditions of coverage. The impact of this implementation on our costs will continue into Q4, and the heparin price increases also had an impact on Q3 costs as expected. Our G&A remained at 8.9% of revenues. As in prior years, you should expect somewhat higher G&A in Q4 due to seasonal spending trends. For the full year we still expect G&A to be approximately 9% of revenues. As for our cash flow, rolling 12 months operating cash flow was $595 million, which is above our expected go forward run rate. We still expect that 2008 operating cash flow will be between $480 million and $530 million. This is lower than our rolling 12 months number because Q3 of this year was about $50 million higher than expected due to the timing of tax payments and because Q4 of 2008 cash flow will not match the very high levels of Q4, 2007 due to the timing of various working capital items. A few other comments, through September 30, we certified 61 de novos, and we have an additional 58 centers that are built and are awaiting Medicare certification. Based upon this pipeline we continue to expect to certify about 80 centers this year, although this number could vary depending upon the timing of Medicare certifications. Our growth CapEx estimates for both acquisitions and de novos combined is now $300 million to $350 million for 2008. This compares to $259 million spent year-to-date. I will now hand the call back to Kent for a couple of closing remarks.
Kent Thiry: Just a few comments before we switch to Q-&-A. The quarter was solid; our strategic position is stronger than ever. Our organizational capability is the strongest it has been (a) because we are really quite done with the integration of Gambro (b) because a lot of our strategic new products and businesses are though the adolescent period where they tend to be more dilutive of management time. So, thats good news.  Nevertheless, the new macroeconomic environment has got to raise questions. It is our thinking that the dialysis sector is better positioned in a downturn than most of the segments of healthcare not because we are differentially talented or anything, but because number one 87% of our patients are already government reimbursed, already at a deficit and if you cut you are at risk of significant center closures. Second, we have a minimal uninsured population. Third, as a segment we advocate and embrace transparency. Fourth, as a segment we advocate and embrace accountability for levels quite unusual in American healthcare and fifth, the major player are willing to invest in creative and aggressive disease management with the Medicare program to bring down hospitalizations and improve the management of commoved conditions and we believe that we can do that within the current baseline of long-term Medicare ESA forecasted expenditures.  So, thats just a whole bunch of differences. Having said all of that it would be foolish for anyone to assume that they are completely insulated if there is a prolonged recession and a whole bunch of radical change whether it is in the macroeconomics of the national or global economy or in government policy, but absent any massive discontinuity a lot of things are going right and we ought to be able to generate steady growth and steady cash flows. Clara, could you please open it up for Q-and-A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Justin Lake - UBS. 
Justin Lake  UBS: Just a couple of quick questions first on the economy since you just finished talking for that. Specifically Kent, maybe you can give us an update on what you are seeing as far as maybe your commercial mix in the quarter end, kind of walk us through how much visibility you have on the payer mix side, as far as patients may be losing their job and having the ability to move on to hover a little while and then move off of it. 
Kent Thiry: We are tracking it very, very closely meaning patient by patient, and have not picked up on anything material yet, because it appears that even though some companies have gone away, most of the people are now working for someone else.  While the lay offs are really big from a macroeconomic policy point of view for the American Government and for the American economy, the fact is its not as if half the people are terminated or anything and in addition those who are laid off, it is very, very common for them to take cobra and so, those two qualifiers right now appear to explain the fact that we are seeing virtually no impact. We dont anticipate that that is going to continue, but those are the facts so far.
Justin Lake  UBS: Okay and so its fair to say that youre tracking us to a level that you would probably know six months in advance given the layback that most people can stay on cobra as far as when these patients will be falling off the commercial side?
Kent Thiry: It is kind of a unique situation, so, your words suggest a level of certainty that we are uncomfortable with, which is why I preferred to just stick to the facts that weve seen virtually no change so far and therefore you would think given were watching it patient by patient and weve seen no change so far that theres a very good chance that we could have that kind of notice period youre thinking of, but were all kind of in uncharted territory here and certainly any new administration or Congress is going to be hypersensitive to a world in much a lot of people are losing their insurance.
Justin Lake  UBS: And then just on the commercial pricing side, is there anything you can tell us as far as being potential for increased visibility into these. I think you kind of framed it as two or three contracts that are the most sensitive for the 09 guidance? Is there anything you can give us as far as maybe have any those contracts been completed? Do you have rates in place, things like that?
Kent Thiry: No, there is no new news. All of those conversations continue and from our point of view, we are unhappy that we are not getting better increases; from their point of view, theyre probably unhappy that theyre not getting decreases, and we are still mucking around in the middle. 
Justin Lake  UBS: Okay, but that number at least hasnt changed two or three. That is still kind of the number of contracts you are looking at as far as being problematic?
Kent Thiry: I think thats reasonable, but at the same time, theres a spectrum, theres two or three that are bigger than others and you drop down a significant trench and size and theres a few there and then you drop down and theres some more there because do remember that the overwhelming majority of our book of business is renegotiated every year. So, theres never been a quarter that we have reported to you where there werent a lot of negotiations going on. So, with that qualifier, it is sill the case that two or three are much bigger than the rest. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Lieberman - Stanford Group Company. 
Gary Lieberman - Stanford Group Company: Thanks. This is maybe just a follow up on the last point on the commercial pricing. It sounds like some of those problematic contracts; were they unresolved or you resolved them but the rates you got were not the size you want?
Kent Thiry: Theyre unresolved but life goes on in between. Again forget the big ones and lets just pick out a normal typical renegotiation, typically spans a number of months and while the negotiation is going on, the rate stays the same if those are resolved or unresolved, I dont know, but it is not as if theres a battle going or something it just means that the two sides have a different point of view as to whether they should go up, down, stay the same or sub components should go up, down or stay the same.  In addition it is a little difficult when we talk about the two or three resolved or unresolved, because when you talk about the biggest ones theyre often national payer, with whom weve historically had 20, 30, 40 contracts and so when we talked about that being won, in fact in many ways it is more like 20 or 25 and theres some efforts in some years to do some aggregation across those, and in other cases, theres a decision to go back to just dealing with it as 20, 25, 30 different sub-contracts.  So yes, theres a couple of payers that are bigger than everyone else, but its not clear whether the best way for they and us to work together is on a highly aggregated basis or on a more decentralized basis. Is that helpful?
Gary Lieberman - Stanford Group Company: Yes, thats helpful and then I guess just a follow up on that is as youve said in your own guidance, it assumes that you cant come to term on some number of those contracts so you lose commercial patients. Have you gotten to the point yet on any of those contracts? 
Kent Thiry: No, we have not. 
Gary Lieberman - Stanford Group Company: Okay and then just a quick follow up on the patient care costs. Richard you discussed the increase sequentially in the patient care costs and youve listed a number of reasons, going from the growth in the non-dialysis business, the hurricanes and heparin, is there any way to sort of quantify that 362 either a list of what had the most impact or if you could specifically quantify it, that would be very helpful.
Kent Thiry: More than ever it really is just of the math of the treatment equation. Our costs increases, our non-dialysis business rose and yet theyre not characterized as providing treatments. So in the phenomenon you dont have the treatments growing at that same pace. So more than half of that route is relate to the non-dialysis business and thats why per treatment costs were up $3.62 sequentially, so more than half of it non-dialysis.  The other half really is a mix of things but the most important would be the labor cost increases sequentially, again related to the hurricanes and just a bullish of training related today the implementation and the conditions and coverage.
Gary Lieberman - Stanford Group Company: So would it be reasonable to think that other half sort of other than obviously heparin but the other half, some of that subsides in the fourth quarter and going forward?
Kent Thiry: Well, youve got heparin of course thats going to continue in the fourth quarter. In fact it might increase a little bit because we did have somewhat an offset by the use of lower priced inventory at the beginning of the quarter. We call the price increases effective July 1, so we did have some lower priced inventory around at the beginning of the quarter.  As you push into Q4 you will see that continuing and maybe increase a little bit, and then on the labor side, we expect to continue to have a somewhat higher training over time levels in Q4 as we continue to work through the conditions of coverage. So, I dont think it would be fair to say that it would necessarily subside sequentially. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities. 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: A couple of questions here; the cost per treatment increases which you just talked about, I guess two things I wanted to ask you there; first, what would be your threshold for materiality, I guess in terms of breaking that out on the income statement or the way you report in your press release. I know you are starting to list it out in the segment reports in the 10-Q, but I guess I just want to get your thought process there because it is having a big skewing effect on those results.  Then my second part of the question is if you can just comment a little bit on your hoop initiative and whether youve had any impact on heparin utilization and I guess in the early pilots of that and your expectations would be? 
Kent Thiry: Darren, just to make sure that we understood the first part of your question, were you asking what our thresholds of materiality breaking out in non-dialysis business is in our press release? 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Yes. 
Kent Thiry: We actually talked about that and thought that if we may be getting at the point in time where it would be helpful, obviously we reported it in the Q that way which was a new development last quarter. So well take another look at how we adjust our, in particular our supplemental information to see if question provide you a little more useful information earlier in the process as opposed to waiting for the Q. 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities:  That would be great. Kent, do you have any comments on heparin? 
Kent Thiry: Well Rich, related to the current math and expectations of math and were eager to find alternative long-term sources to bring down prices a bunch and I dont know where I can go beyond that. We have done a very nice job of implementing new protocols to more efficiently used heparin while maintaining the exact same clinical outcome. So those are probably the three points that I think are relevant and material unless you have any others you want to ask me about? 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Yes. I guess where I was going was, do you see any opportunity to bring utilization down beyond where youve been able to thus far? I think you have some opportunities perhaps and if you can just comment on what those might be; whether it is fourth quarter and into 09 from a utilization standpoint. 
Kent Thiry: Yes, I think we are pretty close to the optimal level of utilization. It was a very comprehensive implementation across 1400 locations in five months. It was very impressive in its breadth and depth of success, but it is pretty much done now and so I dont see a lot of incremental pick up. Although leading into this call didnt ask the question of how much of Q3 had the full fixed as versus all of Q4 will have it. So you will get a little incremental quarter fold in but not enough to make a big difference. 
Rich Whitney: Yes, particularly when you count for of the inventory issue that I mentioned. I guess the only other thing to note Darren is that our expectation in terms of the annualized impact of the heparin price increases that occurred this year, is still the same as the original range we gave, $20 million to $30 million annualized and in fact that range did include some estimates of our ability to rationalize on heparin utilization. So we still expect to be around about that range. 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: If I could just follow-up, as far as the ancillary service, the other revenue, what was the segment loss in that division, I guess? 
Rich Whitney: We will look it up for you. I just have to quickly check the info here. 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. While you look that up I guess my last question would just be, if in fact it did increase as we saw a surge in sequential revenue growth, what are your views Ken on how and when you might see those businesses proving to profitability? Thanks. 
Kent Thiry: Yes thanks Darren. Well, first I will do at an aggregate level that we talked about a couple of the big ones in 08 costing us about $32 million in OI. So a very, very large number. We said it was going to get better in 09 and we still think thats the case and we would hope in 09 that that number would go down in the neighborhood of $20 million or so; so quite a significant drop.  In addition we are continuing to accumulate a whole lot of capability and track record in terms of improving clinical care in a way that reduces total costs which of course is the key to coming up with a long term arrangement with the Government where we get good reimbursement and they get overall savings and thats the long term holy grail that we feel like we are on track for in a reasonable kind of way.  In addition, some of that money would have to be spent any way. In other words, even if you werent trying to do special needs plans or you werent trying to do a specialty pharmacy, you nevertheless would be doing some R&D working with others to try to reduce hospitalizations to try to improve pharmaceutical compliance etc, etc and so some amount of the 32 or 20 would be spent anyway and it just so happens we took the more aggressive route in trying to turn them into on going products that added a lot of value to the mother ship as opposed to just incremental R&D. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America. 
Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America : You talked a little bit about the impact of the negative economy on the company as a potential outcome in 2009. Were comments more about the implications for Government reimbursement being cut or is it more concern about patient shift from managed care and some Medicare? 
Kent Thiry: Yes, Id say it is 50-50; it is so hard to know whats going to happen. The more obvious trend is the fact that the Government is going to have big deficits and its going to look for savings, so thats an easy one and the whole Medicare program faces it. We think less so than others for the reasons I cited, but in addition if theres a long sustained recession, you just know at some point thats got to affect the ranks of the commercially insured and the decisions they make. It doesnt happen quickly but at some point it would have to. 
Kevin Fischbeck  Bank of America: Can you give us a little bit of historical perspective about what happened within the last downturn and how that impacted the patient mix?
Kent Thiry: Well I can and that is it didnt affect it much at all. So, the question is, is the world different or is whats happening worse, because in the past since 1991, these kinds of dislocations have not led to any change, but I wouldnt ever for a moment, submit to you that this dislocation is the same as the other ones that have taken place in the last 17 years.
Kevin Fischbeck  Bank of America: Okay, that makes sense. Are you factoring any patient mix shift in your guidance besides depending on the managed care pricing? 
Kent Thiry: I would say that all risk factors have been probabilistically included into the analysis. 
Kevin Fischbeck  Bank of America: Okay and then a last question, tell a little bit about your cost structured to the extent that the economy does worsen. Is there anything in there that you feel you have the flexibility to adjust down or any cost like labor where you might expect the benefit from such an economy? 
Kent Thiry: I will take a stab at that. You could argue this one either way; if it becomes easier to unionize, that could create more labor pressure. On the other hand, historically whats often happened when unemployment goes up is more nurses return to work and theres fewer jobs available for the people that pursue technician jobs and social worker jobs and dietitian jobs. So Ive heard people argue it in either direction and I think we just have to wait and see how the macro economic forces play out; it could cut either away.  In addition, we buy a whole lot of stuff as you know and a whole lot of the suppliers that supply to us and a whole lot of the landlords who have buildings; those segments are also under a lot of economic pressure. So, we are hoping that we pick up some very nice opportunities on purchasing both services and products and renting and leasing things over the next 18 months, but none of those markets are immediately fluid of course. You dont suddenly move a dialysis center because you got a better rent offer some place else.  On the other hand, when you are building 75 de novos a year and doing a bunch of other stuff, the math can start to make a difference. So, those are some of the puts and the takes if we had a more definitive analytical picture with more upside, we would have said more about it. Its pretty early in game and we are all over it.
Rich Whitney: And if I can take one second to get back to Darrens question and segment loss, the non-dialysis business youll see broken out in about Q is around $5 million in the quarter and that is down from 10 in Q2. So, you can see theres been some improvement, which is more or less what we expect for the balance of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co. 
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Just a couple of questions here; just to clarify, I think in the last conference call, Kent you gave a run rate on the specialty pharmacy being close to $100 million, I was just wondering if you can give us an updated number there. 
Kent Thiry : I will get back to you in a minute. Whether I don't have it.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co: Okay and then, you have opened a large number of de novos so far this year; to what extent have your existing facilities been capacity constrained leading up to these new openings and is it likely we could see a bit stronger non-acquired growth, over the next few quarters because of the new capacity.
Kent Thiry : I would say there has not been a material change in our weighted average utilization over the last quarter. Is that the, is that the answer to the question you are asking?
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co: I guess, what Im curious about is whether youve had to turn away any patients as you wait for some of the new capacity to come online with the de novos or whether you are looking at that as more of a growth opportunities, with capacity not being in the existing facilities, not being in the issue. 
Kent Thiry : Yes, I would say that and that situation is rare. If over the last four months we had to turn patient as way, its for one of two reason; either the payer mix is so bad in that area we cant afford to build a new center and that would probably be half of the situations, but the other half is when we blew it and then they started building a center in time, which typically also means that the center is not opening this month to relieve us of that pressure.  So, while we always make some mistakes and there are always some markets where we dont want to have capacity because we can afford to, theres no change in the amount of that going on now versus what was going on a year ago and so theres no big upside or down side on that front.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co: Thank you. Just one more question. LIBOR rates are now going to back down to where they were a couple of months ago; can you guys give us a sense for the timing of when some of your larger term loan trenches resent and kind of how youve decided to reset them using the variety of interest rate options available to you?  The reason Im asking that is, Im just trying to get a sense as to whether you guys have to lock into some higher rates here in the beginning of this quarter in Q4 or whether you kind of maintained your flexibility there with your prime rate option or other means to kind of mitigate the big spike that occurred here at the beginning of the quarter?
Rich Whitney : Okay. Well, the first thing is the good news in that is that in the quarter we werent impacted by the spike in LIBOR rates, just because we had already reset our LIBOR rates before the spike. Since then, as you know, LIBOR is back down and as of Friday, I think it was at 2.6%, which is back down to where it was for Q3 of 08. I think, the average rate for Q3 '08 was right around 2.6%. In fact, down a bunch from last year when we were more around 5.5% at this time last year in terms of average LIBOR rates. So, we dont anticipate from the recent dislocation we dont anticipate much of an impact at the current rates of LIBOR we estimated that Q4 and be impacted by about $0.01 of basically as a result of the impact in October of those higher rates on our unhedged credit facility.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co: Okay and I just want to follow up. Have you historically used three months LIBOR as your benchmark?
Rich Whitney: We have at times used three months, at times used one months, at times gone a little bit longer, on the un-hedged potion of our credit facility. We always do have the prime rate option you mentioned and so if we have to see another dislocation like we saw in October and in fact we were poised to implement that prime rate option. We do have that ability that still exists in our credit facility.  Then, in terms of what part of our debt is hedged right now, about 70% of our gross debt is fixed both through the bonds that we had as well as the hedges we havent place on our credit facility. If you net that against our cash balances since more like 78% fixed and then, as you look out through 2009, that fixed rate will trend down closer to 60/40 as the existing portfolio of hedges rolled on and off. So, absent any additional hedging activity you will see our fixed percentage on a gross basis before cash have move down towards 60%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dawn Brock  J P Morgan
Dawn Brock  JP Morgan: Kent I wanted to touch upon revenue growth for a minute. Really, to talk about how you are looking at it going forward, based on the two primary components of pricing and volume and specifically I think we all know theres been a market and quite frankly a welcome shift after years of concern on the commercial side; that should be a nice driver. Yet, you commented in your remarks earlier that you anticipate a fair loss of patients embedded in the 2009 guidance.  Could you clarify at all net of de novos in acquisition patient growth, what that range assumes as far as total patient growth is concern; I guess what Im trying to determine is within your 2009 range wheres volume set.
Kent Thiry : Okay. Let me take a stab at it and first of all, the last thing we want to do is eliminate concern about private rates, so we are not set there. Second, in order to help on trying to figure out volume thats assumed we do have a guidance range for our non-acquired growth and we expect acquisitions to be at a comparable level to what theyve been this year and last year absent the discontinuity of buying one of the medium size chains, which could happen and also may not happen.  We also provide reasonable ranges around our expectations of increases in cost per treatment and so given all of those guidance ranges you can end up with inducing a reasonable estimate of what we expect on the revenue front and the volume front. So, does that work, the non-acquired growth plus the normal acquisition amounts gives you a pretty narrow band on treatment volume? 
Dawn Brock  JP Morgan: Yes, I mean I can go back and look at the guidance ranges I guess. Maybe a different way to ask it is from a development and acquisition perspective are you looking for 2009 to replicate 2008, which was a bit stronger and then we should be taking our own level of discount from there?
Kent Thiry: Yes, okay a fair point. We are in a very active debate in deciding the number of de novos we are going to build in 09 and 2010, right now. As of today, it looks like the 09 number of de novos will be comparable to the guidance we provided in 08 and our expectation for 2010 is less clear, because we are going to know a lot more; five or six months from now than we do today, but for 09 it looks comparable to the range we guided to in 08.
Dawn Brock  JP Morgan: Is it fair so say that you are tracking ahead of that so far in '08?
Kent Thiry: No. We are pretty much right, where we expected to be. Let me amend that actually. We are doing better than what we guided with respect to the number of de novos, so I miss to answer that question. We actually hoped to beat our guidance and so I was answering that question. It is where I wanted us to be, but we werent all sure we would get there and so the fact is we are doing better than what we guided in term of number of de novos.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities.
Kent Thiry: Bill, before you go, if I can just slip back to a question about ten minutes ago. In the second quarter we reported that DaVita RX our specialty pharmacy operation was at about $100 million annual revenue run rate. The answer to that question of what is it now, is that it is at about $110 million annual revenue run rate. So, the run rate increased by about $10 million quarter-over-quarter.  I will add that were seeing some very exciting data in term of clinical outcome improvements and hospitalization reductions now that weve enough patients and enough maturity in the data, too soon to publish but not too soon to be excited that were adding value to the system, but Bill back to you.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: Actually I will follow-up right on that. Is there any more color you can give us in terms of what that represents in terms of penetration of your patient base or what you think the potential revenue of that business is?
Kent Thiry: I think the short answer is no, Bill. We are pioneers here, we have been learning a lot every quarter and its too soon for us to put any big space in the ground about what it could be. 
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: Okay and the second question, is just it looked like there was nothing new in the final position rule; is that a correct reading?
Kent Thiry : Yes. 
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: Okay and then finally just in the past youve talked a little bit about some of the issues where you are out of network and Im just curious if youve seen any changes on that front. In particular, are you aware of anyone doing anything on a benefit design that would penalize a patient if they were out of network or are you seeing anymore aggressive efforts on the part of the managed care payers to keep patients in network?
Kent Thiry: Id say theres been no change in the quantity or intensity of activity on that subject.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: Okay and then the follow-up to that is a long chat, but in the past you were willing to disclose the amount of your revenue that was out of network; any chance you would do that now?
Kent Thiry: No chance and I will say because I think my tone of voice demonstrates my excitement about the DaVita specialty pharmacy business and the good stuff it is doing and it could do, and that just needs to be tempered by the fact it still loses money, which is a real problem. So thats the Ying and Yang of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Hi. I was wondering if on your private contracts approximately what the mix is of bundle contracts versus unbundled contracts and will we expect the mix of bundle contracts move higher as Medicare moves to our bundling?
Kent Thiry: The percent thats bundled will continue to go up as it has for the last couple of years. I dont think weve ever disclosed what that percentage is, we are all looking at each other across the table. Maybe we were going forward because it is not a religious issue to us, but hate to do it spontaneously, but suffice to say its not a tiny percentage and its been growing steadily and we fully anticipate it will continue to grow and weve had the same position now as weve had for a couple of years. As we are totaling agnostic on bundling versus not bundling, its all about what the rate is. 
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: My clever trap didnt work to trick you into more disclosure. The other question I had as you look out three years, toward perhaps diversifying your supply on the non-innovative drugs like the Vitamin D and Iron and heparin and then maybe you look to look at some strategies to reduce utilization, what is the outer band of what you could save if youve had some time as you need to work on that on a cost per treatment basis? Is it bigger than a mousetrap?
Kent Thiry: Theres a wide range of potential outcomes.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Would you care to elaborate?
Kent Thiry: Ill turn it over Rich or LeAnne, but for me Im too fearful to go beyond that because in fact it is a reasonable summary.
Rich Whitney : It is possible that you might be reference the note that came out earlier this quarter about suggesting that there can be rather large reductions in utilization?
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Well I guess theres a debate about how much of the population could be moved to sub Q and how much diversification we might see in the heparin supply a couple of years out, how many alternative suppliers could come into the Vitamin D and our market if any and that sort of thing. I know there are a lot of outcomes, but maybe just describe some of the things you are thinking about and what might be possible?
Rich Whitney: Okay. So you are looking for a little more color around the dynamics around all those areas.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates:  Yes. 
Rich Whitney: I think, as it relates to the potential for lower utilization, as Kent has said many times before, once you turn a reimbursement system from a situation where pharmaceuticals are effectively free from the standpoint they dont have to be traded off against other cost inputs.  Its reasonable to assume that providers will find ways to innovate clinically and achieve the same outcomes for the least amount o pharmaceutical utilization. However that takes time and we would caution that people shouldnt assume that there are the opportunities to make simple practice changes and achieve substantial reductions in utilization.  So, its the sub Q thing has been talked about for decades now and dialysis and its just not as easy as being able to switch large numbers of patients to subcutaneous administration or clinical and risk issues related to it. There are numbers of patients depending upon their dosing that it is just not feasible to administer the subcutaneously etc, etc. So it is quite a bit more complicated I think than just a simple practice change.  Similarly with the often talked about tradeoff between iron and EPO. We dont believe that there is simple changes that can be made there that have a material impact on our EPO utilizations. So, with that said, a tenth of these go down when we are forced to make tradeoffs against all of our other cost inputs. Likely over time, providers will find ways to maintain outcomes and reduce utilization.  As far as some of the other drugs, EPO and heparin are really the two that are sole sources and so in the other areas, we obviously will have some opportunities to work with suppliers to find the best combination of pricing and clinical outcome achievement and on heparin we really dont have any news in terms of new insurance and other alternative sources of supply at the moment.
Kent Thiry: Let me break in, because I misunderstood the question and I thought youre focused on non-EPO pharmaceuticals and biological. On EPO, there are some people who are dramatically wrong in estimating the changes that could occur in EPO can assumption for the reasons as Rich said. Sub Q has serious issues around it, the iron thing has played out we think clinically its very thoughtfully already over the last five years and could at least one or two other examples and so it is inappropriate for anyone to think that theres a couple of simple things to do and EPO use goes down a bunch. That is simply wrong.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: And then just last question, weve had going from this grandee discussion, their very picky question. Rich, is the share count number for the fourth quarter as simple as taking in the inner share count and factoring in your buyback just for the Tom, weight of that or is there anything else going on there? 
Richard Whitney: Yes, theres nothing else major going on in the share count.
LeAnne Zumwalt: In the absolute count versus the fully diluted count. So, which are you referring to?
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Fully diluted?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes. Fully diluted you would be taking into consideration as always the option grants and implications there.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Andreas Dirnagl - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. 
Andreas Dirnagl - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.: Most of my questions have been answered, but just a couple of follow-ups maybe Kent, on some comments you made. You did mention that sort of a fiscal environment as we see it in DC probably bodes potentially better from MSP extension. Would you care to take a shot in terms of early handicapping on whether you think though go for a six or 12 month? I mean we should had both last time around?
Kent Thiry: No, impossible to handicapping Andreas, but I was worried I wasnt going to be hearing your voice again. So, its Nice to hear it.
Andreas Dirnagl - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc: Thank you very much; it is good to be back. A question on the repurchases, I guess for Rich and you Kent. Rich, I guess from a numeric prospective, can you confirm are you about 220 million through the current 250 authorization? Is that right?
Richard Whitney: Yes, I think thats right Andreas, I am just looking back to check.
Andreas Dirnagl - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.: And Kent, if you approach as it is clear you are probably going to at some point soon, completing that authorization, would you expect a sort of normal course to just go back to the board for an additional authorization?
Kent Thiry: Absolutely. In my mind its prudent for us to always operate with a significant authorization in order that the authorization decision itself is never proceed as a signal one way or another and that management with the right guidelines and trust in the board, is always able to own some of the opportunities that are good for shareholders.
Andreas Dirnagl - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.: Okay good and then another comment you made Kent, which maybe it was in the one conference call that I missed, but I think it is the first time Ive heard you say it specifically recently. In term of DaVita potentially acquiring one of the medium size chains you said it might, might not happen obviously. Is there anything in the current environment and Im thinking specifically the sort of the credit crisis that weve been seeing might made from more motivated sellers in that space?
Kent Thiry: Well, the short answer is yes, but at a very macro level because each of these are individual companies and there are several of them, and they make all their decisions on around; nevertheless, the question is are the probabilities higher lower because of whats happened. I would say they are higher for a couple of reasons; one is because the financing market has changed so much and bunch of more private equity backed and second, the big payers are now subjecting those medium sized change to the same kind of rate scrutiny and our network scrutiny that they put us through over the last 18 months and that will be a new thing for some of them.
Andreas Dirnagl - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.: Okay and then just finally, I think its probably pretty clear and inherent in the fact youre just were even discussing it, but I just want to confirm because there seems to be a little bit of brief for out that given the fact when you did the Gambro acquisitions, there were some acquired divestitures. I mean sort of a FTC issue is not something that would preclude a mid size acquisition, right?
Kent Thiry: The only one we cant buy is the one we divested.
Operator: Your final question comes from Gary Taylor - Citigroup.  
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Hi, good morning. Just want to follow up on one question, commercial bundling, and your agnostic. Does that introduce any new risk into the equation or in your view; it is just the same systemic renewal risk, thats always inherent in the pricing negotiations?
Kent Thiry: My intuitive answer is it reduces risk, but to be honest we havent had a debate of that specific twist of the question, but I dont see any reason why it would increase any risk.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: So historically as youve seen contracts move you have been able to preserve your total economics then? 
Kent Thiry: Say that again. Please.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Historically as you have seen contracts move from all occurred into a bundled payment on the commercial side, if generally, you have been able to preserve the total economics of that contract?
Kent Thiry: It has been a while since we have run that number because in a way it doesnt matter, at least is contract specific. What were trying to figure out is given the situation we are in, is it better to bundle or go or stick with a fee for serves and we are confident in each individual case we pick the one that is better, but comparing an aggregate all the times we sticking with fee for service versus pick bundling is not something we have done. My guess is its probably a distribution where in some weve done better, many are the same, some worse, but I should leave it at that because I dont know that data. For us again, its not a pattern of decision-making. Its not like we go out to do one of the other. Its very situation specific and us picking the one that we think makes the most sense with that payer and some times payers come in with a significant head of steam is because I cant, my systems not really supported, Im too worried I wont get the number right I care more about other things and conversely other payers come into the conversations saying they only want to bundle and if a payers monocle one way or another because we are agnostic, so that would skew the data too.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Are there situations where you present an option to the payer? You have it that way.
Kent Thiry: Its more and more common for us to have an open discussion about which both sides would prefer. Thats going on in a few places right now. Two years ago, three years ago was much more often, but a bundle would only happen if one side came in with the very intense to make it happen. Now, it is much more common for us to be a Gee, which way should we go? both sides carefully watching others trying figure out to their advantage to go one way or the other.
Gary Taylor  Citigroup: I guess on a forward basis then you dont see payers kind of following Medicare and using a movement toward bundling as a source of renewal pressure in and of itself?
Kent Thiry: We think more private payers will want to bundle because Medicare is doing it. We dont really see how that translates into any change in leverage one way or the other.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time. Do you have any closing remarks?
Kent Thiry: No, just thank you for your consideration of our efforts and we will work hard between now and three months from now when we get to talk again. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: LeAnne Zumwalt - VP of IR Kent Thiry - CEO Rich Whitney - CFO
Analysts: Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities Gary Lieberman- Stanford Group Company Justin Lake - UBS Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates Gary Taylor - Citigroup Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co David MacDonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Balaji Gandhi - Oppenheimer & Co. Mark Afrasiabi  PIMCO Paul Lee Dawn Brock - JPMorgan Art Henderson - Jefferies & Co
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jeff and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita second quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Ms. Zumwalt, you may begin your conference.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Thank you, Jeff, and thanks everyone for joining our second quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I am LeAnne Zumwalt, Vice President of Investor Relations and with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO and Rich Whitney, our CFO. I would like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statements. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements, which can be generally identified by the content of such statements or the use of forward-looking terminology, and includes statements that do not concern historical facts. All such forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings included in our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and annual report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us and we undertake no obligation to update these statements, whether as a result of changes in underlying factors, new information, future events or other developments. Additionally, our press release and related disclosures include certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures should be considered in addition to the results prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered a substitute for GAAP results. Also included in the press release is a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. I will now turn the call over to Kent Thiry.
Kent Thiry: Okay, thank you, LeAnne. Second quarter was a good quarter and our near-term operating prospects also look very solid. I will go through three items to kick the call off. Number one: clinical results, two: public policy and number three: our '08 forecast and a little bit of talking about the longer term outlook. With respect to clinical results, as always, we will present them first because that is what comes first. We are first and foremost a care giving company, taking care of over 109,000 patients. In addition though, from a purely capitalistic point of view, it is a good thing that clinical outcomes are being discussed more and more and hopefully will become increasingly relevant in the shareholder world as well as in the clinical world. We remain advocates of that public discussion, the very public discussion of clinical results. We will quickly reference four different measures this time. The first is the same one we have done for a long time, adequacy. Essentially, how well we are doing it removing toxins from our patient's blood. This quarter 95% of our patients had a Kt/V greater than 1.2. FMC, the other large dialysis organization or LDO is a very comparable performance and the two LDOs do much better than the rest of the industry, meaning all the small independents and hospital-based centers. The second clinical area, the placement of fistulas, we had 60% of our patients with fistulas placed, once again the combined LDOs doing better than the rest of the industry. Third area, anemia management, 81% of our patients had hemoglobin is greater than or equal to 11 in the quarter. Here, it is worthwhile to make a small national editorial note that there is a growing number of US dialysis patients were seen their hemoglobin levels below 10, literally over 9% of the patients in America now being below 10, which is concerning to many nephrologist. The fourth clinical area is mortality rate. Here we had a very nice drop in our mortality rate year-over-year. It's very difficult to do apples-to-apples comparisons on this metric right now to other organizations, but you can look at the national data and draw certain conclusions. One being, that we had a very nice drop in our year-over-year mortality from about 17.9 to 17. The last national data by the way, 2005 versus our 2007 showed them an 18.6%, so very nice difference. Once again, even though you got to be very careful on the apples-to-apples comparing, the LDOs certainly appeared to have mortality that is significantly better than the rest of the community. So, that is a consistent theme across these clinical measures. I do want to repeat again that we remain a fervent advocate of public transparency and standardized measurement methodologies with respect to clinical outcomes. Finally, we are also very excited to point out the joining of DaVita, as Chief Medical Officer by Allen Nissenson. He has been working with us for a few years and he is simply one of the best known and most respected nephrologists in the world. Moving on to public policy and legislation, as most of you know in July Congress passed big Medicare legislation with the number of features for kidney care most notably bundling effect of 2011, and an annual update in 2012. The bad news is our Medicare economics are still underwater. So, we've got to charge private patients a lot more in order to fill the Medicare deficit. The good news is, the legislation that passed had some increases in it and is much better than the bill that passed the House of Representatives last year, much better. Looking forward, the dialysis community is going to have a lot more issues and is gearing up to work with CMS to ensure that bundling implementation is as smooth and successful for all stakeholders as it can be. Third and finally from my perspective, the outlook, we are narrowing our '08 operating income guidance. The new guidance is $800 million to $840 million versus the previous $790 million to $850 million and we are also providing initial guidance for '09 with all appropriate qualifiers, that guidance is $820 million to $880 million. When you stare at that guidance, private reimbursement remains the biggest swing factor and this 2009 guidance that we just relaid does in fact assume a nontrivial number of patient losses in situations, where payors and DaVita cannot agree on rates and we do in fact lose a fair number of patients. The guidance takes that into account. I will now turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer Rich Whitney.
Rich Whitney: Thanks, Kent. We had a good second quarter characterized by our typical strong and stable cash flows, some improved revenue trends and solid cost control. In particular, we have taken no price decreases or material patient losses in the quarter and in fact we are getting increases in certain circumstances. Here are few key details about our second quarter results. First, the major drivers of operating income results in the quarter. Dialysis revenue per treatment increased about $7 per treatment versus Q1. Half of this increase was due to the increased utilization of physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals. The balance was an improvement in our commercial mix and rate. I should note that margins on pharmaceuticals are considerably less than they were four or five years ago due to the changes in the way Medicare reimburses for these drugs and because of this, and increased bundling of our contracts in our private portfolio increases and decreases in drug intensities just have a much smaller impact on our operating profit than they have had in the past. Other revenue increased $1.40 per treatment sequentially, primarily due to growth in our specialty pharmacy business. Overall, operating expense was stable at 69.2% of total revenues, increasing $5.78 per treatment sequentially. Now this increase, about half of it was due to the increased expense for physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals, including increased pharma utilization and the first rounds of the heparin price increases. I should note that heparin prices have increased four-fold so far this year. While, we saw some impact in Q2, the largest increase will hit us in Q3 and this expected impact is incorporated into our 2008 guidance. Operating expenses also increased about $1 per treatment this quarter because of the growth in our non-dialysis businesses primarily our specialty pharmacy, which has larger margins than our core dialysis business. G&A was at 8.9% of revenues, increasing little less than $0.50 per treatment and you should continue to expect G&A for the full year to be around this 9% of revenue level. As for our balance sheet, accounts receivable, days sales outstanding or DSO increased two days sequentially and one day year-over-year to 70 days due to some billing and payment delays for certain Medicaid and other government payors. As for cash flow, rolling 12 month operating cash flow was strong at $545 million. Q2 cash flow was on target and we are reiterating our operating cash flow expectations for 2008 of $480 million to $530 million. Through June 30th, we had certified 39 de novo centers and we had an additional 47 centers that are built and awaiting Medicare certification. Based upon this de novo pipeline, we now expect to certify about 80 centers this year versus our original guidance of 60 centers, although this number could vary depending upon the timing of Medicare certifications, which have been slower than normal in some areas. Accordingly, we are also increasing our growth CapEx estimates for both acquisitions and de novos combined to $250 million to $300 million for the full year 2008. This compares to $176 million spent year-to-date. A few other comments. Q2 non-acquired growth of 4.5% was within our stated range of 4% to 4.5% for the year. Secondly, our lower tax rate in the quarter was noted and described in our earnings release, and we should point out that we expect the rate for the balance of the year to be in the 38.5% to 39.5% range. Then finally year-to-date, we have spent $170 million of our available cash to repurchase approximately 3.5 million shares or about 3.3% of our outstanding shares at an average price of approximately $49 per share. I will now turn the call back to Kent for some closing remarks before we go to Q&A.
Kent Thiry: As we look out a little bit longer than the next couple of quarters, which looks solid, I think there are three worthwhile elements to keep in mind that we have talked about them for years. The unit demand looks stable. Number two, cash flow looks wonderfully stable. Number three, our ability to add more value to both private and government payors continues to go up every year. Our ability to bring down total healthcare cost continues to become more and more extensive, tangible and applicable. As the quarters roll forward, hopefully we will become economically more and more materially relevant. And Jeff, let's go on to Q&A, please. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Thanks, good afternoon, everyone. I do have a couple questions here. The first one I want to ask was just, in reference to some of your prepared remarks about a nontrivial number of patients, I think that you expect to lose, could you just share with us your comments on what is driving that and was that the result of some of the bigger payor re-contracting that you had, during the second quarter?
Kent Thiry: No, not at all. It is just that as we provided '09 guidance, we wanted to let you know that that guidance does assume, and in some cases we are not going to reach agreements on rates and therefore, we are going to lose some patients rather than sacrifice too much on the rate side. Therefore, if we are able to avoid that, we can do better, but you are not at risk of a surprise, where we were assuming somehow a world in which rates held up and volumes continued to grow and then had any unpleasant surprises if those two conditions didn't hold. So, it is just to let you know that we had baked in the assumption that in some cases we are going to be throwing in the mats and losing some patients.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: That is helpful. So we can think through that a little bit more, can you help us think about a range of what this volume loss might be, so we can put that into context, Kent?
Kent Thiry: Sorry, Darren, I think at this point, it only being early August, it just not a good idea, because obviously the forecast is the combination of about 10,000 different variables and we are trying to let you know that we are not sitting here forecasting that every single thing is going to go perfectly. So, hopefully that is value-added in the guidance, but to throw out a specific range is, which is pretty impossible given the number of payors we are talking to and the number of ways in which you can roll out.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: That is fair, but can I just clarify the fact that you called it out as a risk factor here now, are we to assume that this is the biggest of the swing factors for 2009?
Kent Thiry: It is certainly way up there. I mean, it could very well be the biggest and it is certainly in the top three.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, and then a question for Rich, please. As you have discussed and we can see the expense per treatment did jump almost $6 sequentially. Can you just share with us a little bit more of your thoughts on what is driving that in the second quarter? It is certainly a lot more than we would have expected just to be even with the pharma mix going off. So, a little bit of color on that would be helpful.
Rich Whitney: Sure, Darren. Right around half of it is related to the increases in the physician-prescribed drugs and then in the neighborhood of $1 is related to growth in our new businesses. In the balance, you start to get into a long list of items, of which one, significant one would be the increase in the number of certified de novos we have and the number of de novos in our pipeline that are built, but not yet generating revenue. We also had our nationwide leadership meeting in Q2, as we do every year. So, that contributed to some of the sequential increase. Of course, operating expenses is one of these categories, that is growing year-by-year and the biggest components are pharma supplies and labor.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, thanks. One more and then I will jump back in the queue. Can you just share with us, Kent just your thoughts about some of the ancillary initiatives and maybe just update us on any bigger developments with those few business lines that are non-core and can you remind us the investment in income statement is relative to the original amounts? I think you shared with us at the Capital Markets Day.
Kent Thiry: Yes, fair question. Let me take a stab at it then you and subsequent questioners can probe more if I don't hit enough of it. Last part first, we told you that in '08, we were going to invest about $32 million meaning that would be the P&L hit from the two biggest ancillary initiatives, that being the Integrated Care Management, which we call VillageHealth comes in different forms and Davita Rx, which is our oral pharmacy and we are on track to have the investment be right about exactly that number here as we go through the year. So, just on the pure '08 mathematical front, we are on plan with what we told you at Capital Markets. Then, on the business front, the good news on VillageHealth is that we are learning a lot and adding more and more value for patients in terms of improved clinical care and taxpayer, payors in terms of reduced total care. So, the value-added capability we wanted to develop and refine is growing. The bad news on VillageHealth has been we haven't grown enrollment in the way that we wanted to. So, that is the yin and the yang there and of course, we are happy about it and still pushing on the value-added, and are not happy in pushing on the low enrollment. The other big one, the oral pharmacy unit is currently running at about almost $100 million in annualized revenue is on plan. It is doing some good things for patients and hopefully generating the proof that it can be a good thing for taxpayers. Doctors love it. Patients love it. It is more work for our caregivers. So, I can't claim that they always love it. We are also able to offer pharmaceutical companies data that they can't get anywhere else around compliance, effectiveness, etc cetera. So, that is the cryptic summary of the two biggest areas of investment from a dollar perspective. 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: With VillageHealth, I think you have been investing a lot in your infrastructure there, just maybe in contrast to the enrollment growth which you said is disappointing. Should we expect that infrastructure to remain intact even if the enrollment isn't there for you?
Kent Thiry: Well, no way. If enrollment would not grow, there is no way to maintain that infrastructure. It is the job of that infrastructure to be good enough to grow the enrollment. So, there is no way that two statements will be true at the same time. Number one, enrollment doesn't grow a bunch, and number two that infrastructure stays as it is today. At this point, anticipating the next question, as you look at '09, we are anticipating that the combined economics of those two business units will be a smaller drain on operating profit than they are here in 08.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: That was my next question. Thanks a lot.
Kent Thiry: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman.
Gary Lieberman- Stanford Group Company: Thanks, good afternoon. You had mentioned in the prepared remarks that part of the revenue per treatment increase was from improved commercial mix. Can you just give a little bit more detail about that? What is driving that?
Kent Thiry: Sure. I mean basically just higher percentage of patients that have better paying plans basically PPO plans or other plans that would or better paying plans, a change in the mix of Medicare patients versus non-Medicare patients, et cetera.
Gary Lieberman- Stanford Group Company: Is there anything that you can put your finger on that is driving that or is that just a random event?
Kent Thiry: No, it bounces around quarter-to-quarter. I would not describe any particular long-term trend to it.
Gary Lieberman- Stanford Group Company: Okay. Then, on the commercial rates, which helped you out in the quarter, in the past you have talked about a number of contracts that you were in somewhat tenuous negotiations. Could you quantify have you gone through all of those or have you gone through half of those? Can you help us out there?
Rich Whitney: Yes. The payors that we have referred to nothing has been settled with those in the quarter. So, the rate increases are not attributable to final settlement of any of those contracts.
Gary Lieberman- Stanford Group Company: Okay. So, is this current course of negotiations with the other commercial payors still the same spread out through the year or was there an abundance of contracts that were either renegotiated or saw increases in the quarter?
Rich Whitney: We saw increases in a number of different parts of our portfolio. I would say there was not any bolus of contracts. As you probably know, a lot of our contracts are short-term and can be change that by either side on relatively short notice.
Gary Lieberman- Stanford Group Company: Okay. Then just going into '09 in the guidance, with regards to heparin, specifically are you baking in any decreases in heparin or the continued pricing as of July 1?
Rich Whitney: Right now we are baking in the assumption that we are able to improve our utilization in that area. Now this line item has gone from a very small one to one that is material to us. So that would be the only assumption that would be factored into our guidance going forward, as it relates to heparin.
Gary Lieberman- Stanford Group Company: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake.
Justin Lake - UBS: Thanks. Good afternoon.
Kent Thiry: Hi, Justin.
Justin Lake - UBS: Just first on regards to that '09 guidance, you did mention the commercial pressures. First, obviously we have got a fairly wide guidance range there. At the high end of that guidance, does that still imbed some pressure just maybe not as much or is that a continuation of '08 being a non-event?
Kent Thiry: Some pressure, not as much.
Justin Lake - UBS: Okay. You mentioned that it is up in the top three. What are the other two or one or two issues that you think are as meaningful as commercial pricing to the '09 guidance.
Kent Thiry:  I believe this specific question was about patient losses and it was that biggest driver? That is the question I answered if I misheard it because the second one in the big three would be rate, as opposed to volume. The third would be any significant shifts in government reimbursement or policy. For example, an extension of the private pay coverage time, that is a positive development. A negative development would be I guess we can all imagine our nightmares there what would be done negatively, but those would be the top three.
Justin Lake - UBS: Got it. So one would be whether you are accepting a contract at a lower rate. The second would be walking away and actually just losing the volume.
Kent Thiry: Yes. Exactly. So private volume is one, private rate is two, government policy is three. That would be my answer to the question of the top three economic swing factors.
Justin Lake - UBS: That is helpful. Then just in the quarter, you mentioned changes in prescription drugs as a driver of revenue per treatment. Were there any other factors in there that I might have missed, as far as maybe commercial pricing or anything else? I suppose that is a $7 sequential increase.
Kent Thiry: Yes, the three factors, Justin, were the pharmaceuticals, which is around half of that and the balance was commercial mix and rate.
Justin Lake - UBS: Perfect. As we look at that 336 in the quarter, is that a new, is that a good run rate to use as we look into Q3 or was that something that was ramping, that maybe the run rate coming out of the quarter might have been higher or lower.
Kent Thiry: I don't think there is any run rate impact. That is a pretty good representative number of the way we exited in the quarter.
Justin Lake - UBS: Okay. Just last question on bad debt a very small pickup, but given how extremely consistent that number has been overtime as a percentage of revenue, is there anything you might be able to give us color on there as far as what you are seeing?
Kent Thiry: Yes, as you point out, it is such a small increase, but as it happens, the underlying core dialysis business was actually pretty stable at that number and we had some small increases in bad debt provision for some of the non-dialysis businesses, but there is really not much action in that line in this quarter.
Justin Lake - UBS: Perfect. Thanks for the help.
Kent Thiry: Sure.
Rich Whitney: Thanks, Justin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Bonello.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: Good afternoon, guys. Just a couple of follow-up questions: First, couple things on the balance sheet. Rich, this is the second quarter in a row now, where DSO has been up sequentially and you talked about just some timing issues around government pay. I mean is there anything at all that we should be concerned about there, any payments that are in dispute or anything like that?
Rich Whitney: No, I don't think so, Bill, and it is only up a day versus last year. As you know, this bounces around quarter-to-quarter depending upon timing of collections and various payment delays et cetera. The ones that I referred to in my prepared remarks, a bunch of that appears to be related to the national provider identification implementation and then the balance is various state Medicaid programs. We don't think any of those are at risk. It is just a timing delay. While we are talking about this, I probably should bring up that as of July 1, Medi-Cal, the California's Medicaid program, because they have may able to reach a budget resolution at the state level has suspended our payments, not just our payments, payments to most all healthcare providers as of July 1. Now everybody anticipates that that will be resolved at some point soon, but assuming that it wasn't you would see about a two-day impact on Q3 if that situation remained unresolved.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: Sure, okay. Then just on that, can you just discuss Medicaid in general? Are there any states or concern there?
Rich Whitney: Concerns regarding?
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: What might happen with rates?
Rich Whitney: Definitely state budgets are continuing to get tighter. California is the state that is we have the most exposure to. They are, as you probably know, talking about a 10% or as high as a 10% rate cut on Medicaid and that would be about $12 million per year for us, if that was fully implemented. Of course, we don't know whether it will be fully implemented and where that will end up, but we certainly do have some provision for that in our guidance as we move forward throughout the balance of the year.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: Okay. So it is considered in the guidance. Then I apologize for this question, but I did not understand fully, I think it was just my listening. I did not understand exactly your answer to the heparin question. Are you saying that you have some modest offsets to the cost inflation or you expect the cost inflation to only have a modest impact?
Rich Whitney: No. From an impact standpoint, I think a couple people have written about, maybe even you Bill, I don't remember, have written about a $5 million to $7 million estimated impact per quarter. That is a pretty reasonable estimate of the situation. So, my comments were simply meant to say, someone was asking about our assumptions for how that would progress from here, and of course, we cannot predict what success we might have in reducing prices or in fact, the other way, but we do have a pretty strong initiative going on right now to tighten down our utilization of heparin. I was going to imagine it went from a very small line item; many times you increased the price, fourfold it even the smallest line item becomes a pretty material line item. So, that is the only theme that was baked into our guidance going forward.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Then just on the comment you made about the patient losses. I appreciate that you are putting that into your guidance for next year, it makes a lot of sense but at this point, are there any contracts you are aware of at this point, where you are at that impact and you are walking away from, anticipating losing patients? Or is it just considering that that is a possibility of what could happen?
Rich Whitney: It is the latter, because we are talking about '09 guidance. So it is nothing that has happened already, or that we know will happen. It is simply a probabilistic assessment of what may very well happen that would affect '09.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: Okay. That is very helpful. Then, just the last question. On the EPO, last quarter, you talked a little bit about that there is some volatility, is the doctor's still getting used to how they are dosing under the new guidelines. Is it because they are afraid of going over the high end and they maybe don't dose appropriately and then the patients get too low, they have hematocrit and then they have to be dosed up and there is a little bit of bouncing around. Obviously, the trend is towards increased utilization in general, but do you think we hit a point of stability or do you expect a lot of quarter-to-quarter volatility still going forward around that item?
Kent Thiry: Yes, one makes any predictions in this area with great trepidation, because who knows exactly how the docs are going to make their decisions, but on a relative basis, we would guess that the next few quarters would be far more stable in terms of utilization trends than the last few.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Thank you very much.
Kent Thiry: Thank you, Bill and I am going to go ahead and add to one answer that Rich already provided, which his on Medicaid, just a slightly higher level answer. On the one hand, if you look at the macro environment, lots of states are in tougher budget situations today than they were two years ago. On the other hand, if you think about how dramatically we improved our community's ability to advocate for reasonable reimbursement and other policies on the federal level over the last five years, we are in the process of doing that same work at the state level. Right now, our community is much better today than it was two years ago, in terms of making sure that our patient's concerns and our caregiver's concerns are taken into account on some firm basis at the state level. So there is somewhat of a community competence offset to the worsening macro environment on the Medicaid side.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Securities: Great. Thanks for that color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Ransom.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates:  Hello?
Kent Thiry: Hey, John.
Rich Whitney:  Hi, John
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Hi, I couldn't hear if that was me or not. Well, my thunder got stolen on the last question. My question is, as we move to the bundle rate, where are we in negotiating with the Feds on what is in and what is out of the bundle? What are the high level concerns or small victories at this point? Thanks.
Kent Thiry: Where we are is at the starting line. They have got a huge amount of work to do over the next couple of years and we are eager to be a good partner with them and FMC we have databases that ought to be able to help them a lot. We are willing to share them with them on a very open basis, so that they don't step on any of the land mines that could hurt everybody, most particularly the patients. So we are at the starting line, but it is a massive undertaking and there is an awful lot of complexity to it, even as the legislation reflects, just ethnic issues and comborbid issues and outlier issues et cetera.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Thank you. Coming from the macro to the micro, it is for Rich, what should we think about numbers in the second quarter that were not in the first quarter? Except maybe a little better payor mix and maybe a little more expenses of heparin. Is there anything that was in the numbers sequentially that may or may not be in the numbers in the back half of the year from the timing standpoint?
Rich Whitney: Let's see, well, pharma was the big one, right. The sequential increase in the pharma utilization had the impact on the revenue per treatment as well as on the operating expenses.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Right.
Rich Whitney: Then a little bit better mix as we mentioned, also, rate increases in certain parts of the private portfolio. Then, heparin really didn't have that much of an impact in Q2. It is Q3 where the big part of the heparin increase will kick in.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Then when you say pharma, I mean we have been postulating in our little research that some of the non-EPO drug categories look like they are going up. Was that mostly the rebound in EPO or there other drugs contributing to that increase in pharma utilization?
Kent Thiry: That was mostly EPO.
John Ransom - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor.
Kent Thiry: Gary?
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Yes, can you hear me?
Kent Thiry: Now we can.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay. First the easy one, have you guys announced the Capital Markets Day for this year?
Kent Thiry: We have not.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay. Is one contemplated or still uncertain?
Kent Thiry: We are still working on calendars.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay.
Rich Whitney: However, yes, we will do one.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay. Going to heparin thanks for the comments you've had already, outside of your own ability or attempts to try to get a handle on utilization a little better. Do you feel like at this point you have any visibility whatsoever on supply in terms of Baxter re-enter, they don't re-enter, another supplier comes in, are you optimistic? Is it too early to tell?
Kent Thiry: We are not optimistic. We are pretty ignorant of exactly what some of the people are thinking that are going to make those decisions including Baxter. So, we are just not in a great position to do any handicapping. We are certainly eager to be a good customer to anyone, who offers good quality at a reasonable rate. We are also eager to talk to the government if anyone is being abusive of a temporary monopoly situation.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Were there any potential drug substitutes that make sense here? Or non-obvious?
Kent Thiry: Excuse me?
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Are there any potential drug substitutes here? Or just non-obvious?
Kent Thiry: We have no substitutes right now.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay. Moving onto EPO, I understand your outlook for little more stable utilization over the next few quarters from where it has been. I have a question that goes back to the FDA panel, an issue that was raised just around hyporesponders and how physicians are dosing hyporesponders. Is there any discussion, debate within DaVita amongst the docs that gives you any pause that there is any potential change in physician dosing on hyporesponders or any potential data that could come out that could change that?
Kent Thiry: Yes, there have been a lot of healthy conversations about folks that are EPO resistant and I think the single area, the data I have seen, so just if the single area where you have seen the most logical change is, it used to be some doctors, who continue to prescribe significant dosages of EPO to people, who are hypo EPO resistant. That has changed a lot because there is more concern there than anywhere else that someone who was requiring a lot of EPO and was achieving a level above average should in fact have significant downward titration. The good news, I don't know of any protocol including ours that ever encourage that in the first place. Our protocol had downward titrations starting right at 12 and dramatic titration if you cruised above that, but the answer to your question is yes, that lots of the doctors, out of the small number of doctors, which though prescribe high dosages for people at high hemoglobin levels, most of them have changed. Does that answer for the question you asked?
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Well, I think it is helpful. I think you are saying you have already seen some changes. I thought the issue the FDA was looking at more was maybe people that were very high doses, but low hemoglobin levels and was taking really substantial doses just to get them to the low end of an acceptable range. Question about whether the dose itself was creating?
Kent Thiry: Gary, that is also true that there has been a lot of change in that area as well and whether it is more or less than the first category, I could not say for sure, but certainly those are the two, where I have seen the most doctors change their prescribing patterns. Let me just check in with LeAnne, see if she would say the same thing.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay. My last question and I will let you go. As we move towards bundling in 2011, what are the obvious investments you need to make that would interest us as financial analysts primarily thinking about the income statement. Are there some obvious technology people training costs that come through into 2011, just to be ready to operate under a bundled payment system?
Rich Whitney: I think there will be investments in all of those areas. As we sit here in 2008, it would be difficult for us to quantify that for you if that is what you are looking for, but I think, it is a major change in the reimbursement system and so we are going to have to spend a lot of time working through that, but again, we don't as Kent mentioned earlier, the first step here is getting clarity as to what the new reimbursement system will be. We know big picture what it'll be, but we don't yet know how that will be operationalized.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay.
Rich Whitney: Until the detail is worked out with CMS it is almost impossible to think about how you operationalize it.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Arnold.
Kent Thiry: Mark, if you could hold off just for one second.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co:  Sure.
Kent Thiry: This is Kent again because I am having to quell a minor revolt here in the conference room because I have been informed that the calendar work has been pretty brutal on the capital markets and my blind assurance that we would do that one this year is inappropriate. So, if we miss it by the end of this year, it'll be very early in next year. All right go ahead, Mark.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co: No problem. Just a couple of cleanup questions. You guys mentioned the tax benefit in the quarter. Can you elaborate a little bit more as to what that was and I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you expect that to move back up in 2009 but can you just give us a little more color on that.
Rich Whitney: Sure. In the quarter the tax rate was impacted by FIN 48 fluctuations as well as the realization of certain tax benefit. I think the issue is on this line item, it is going to bounce around a lot more than it has historically because of the new requirements surrounding FIN 48, but in particular, in this quarter there were a couple of FIN 48 items and some other tax loss benefits.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co: Okay. Then one thing that stood out to me was it looked like about a $4 million reduction sequentially in your debt expense, even though your debt actually ticked up slightly. Can you help me understand that? I don't think the rates would have changed that much, the underlying LIBOR rates that much between the quarters. Was there something that was going on there?
Rich Whitney: No, it is just rate.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co: Okay.
Rich Whitney: It is just changes in the LIBOR rate on the unhedged portion of our debt.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co: Okay. One thing, it has been almost a year since you acquired HomeChoice last year. Can you give us any color in terms of what you have learned about that business and how does it fit into DaVita going forward?
Kent Thiry: What we have learned, well, we have learned a lot. I don't know how to easily capture it, but first year of owning any business, you learn a lot and we still like it is comparability to what we are good at to centralized field management, centralized service management, negotiating with payors, working with hospitals and discharge planners. So, we still like the fact that it involves very high overlap in core competencies although again at the same time there is a whole bunch of differences. It is also creating for us a whole new look on the home world, since that's where it's focused as opposed to us, who primarily are centered focused but do some home and that was one of the other reasons. So, on the learning front, I can just say we know more about all those things I just talked about. Overall, we have done a mediocre to lousy job of working with a good team there. Hopefully we worked through the [Kings] of having them to be a part of DaVita that gave us a poor grade for how we work for them operationally in the first year.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co: Okay. I just have one last question. I think last week CMS posted a list of potential National Coverage Determinations topics which included a number of items affecting dialysis including the use of ESAs. I am just curious if you have any thoughts on what this means and how involved will DaVita be in any potential review.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes. Those were a list of topics that they plan to tackle and yes, we will be commenting particularly on the ESA section.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co: Were you surprised at all that was included or is it just the continuation of the same scrutiny that has been going on for the last two years?
LeAnne Zumwalt: I think it is fair to say it is a continuation of the scrutiny.
Kent Thiry:  Scrutiny of our ESA practices has gone on for seven years. We expect it will continue as long as it is a really expensive drug and/or as long as we are not in a bundle environment at which point they think about it as being our problem not theirs.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray & Co: Great. Nice quarter guys.
Kent Thiry: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacDonald. 
David MacDonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Good afternoon. Couple of questions, First, I apologize I got disconnected for a bit. Kent, can you run through the de novo numbers again? I missed them.
Rich Whitney:  This is Rich. I would be happy to. Through June 30th, we opened 39 new de novos and we had another 47 that are built and awaiting Medicare certification. What we said about our expectations for the balance of the year is that originally we anticipated opening 60 enters and now because of the performance of the first half of the year, and the pipeline of centers awaiting for certification, we are expecting more like 80 centers for the full year.
David MacDonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Then, and then, Rich, I know that you guys in the last call talked about, maybe a little bit of a mixed bag in terms of performance from some of the newer de novos that were just going up. Can you give us any more color on how those are performing and anything further there?
Rich Whitney: A little bit better than what we were seeing last quarter. It is still a watch item for us.
David MacDonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Then just one question on the commercial renegotiations that are going on, can you give us any sense, when you take a look at all the contracts that you guys are wrestling with a little bit right now, some sense of what percentage is your profits the entire book that you are negotiating with represents right now? Can you give us that number?
Rich Whitney: No, we would not be able to give you that number. It is also such a hard thing to do because what costs you allocate to any one particular contract, but as we said for eight or nine years now, the non-government, the private side of our business represents all of our profits.
David MacDonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Well, then to ask it a different way. Is there any one particular contract that is north of say 10% of your profits that you guys are negotiating with right now?
Kent Thiry: Very few of our contracts exceed a year in duration, so almost all of our private profit is renegotiated every year, including this year, last year, the year before, next year, et cetera. So, so the real answer to your question, from an analytical point of view is the overwhelming majority of our private profit that subsidizes in Medicare deficit is renegotiated every single year.
David MacDonald - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Balaji Gandhi.
Balaji Gandhi - Oppenheimer & Co.: Good afternoon. Just two questions about the pharmacy and infusion business. One is could you maybe give us a sense of what percentage of the patients that you serve are being served by those businesses? Then second just trying to understand, I think Rich you had quantified it as about $1.40 a treatment increase from the first quarter. Just trying to understand if that is a function of more patients using those services or a mix or increase in drugs?
Rich Whitney: I can tell you the increase is primarily from more patients on this service and we have not historically disclosed the number of patients on service and I would rather not spontaneously establish a new policy. If you can let us think about it and do it next quarter or call us in a few days, but I just hate to go jumping into new disclosure territories without having our act together.
Balaji Gandhi - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. Well, then, maybe another thought on that, it is $57 million in revenue, how much of it is infusion versus specialty pharmacy?
Rich Whitney: The revenue number that I gave before for the run rate for our oral pharmacy, which is in the 90s, close to 100, that is all our oral pharmacy, that is none of the home I.V. The home I.V. business is totally separate from the number I was talking about.
Balaji Gandhi - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. Great. I will follow-up with the other stuff later. Thanks.
Rich Whitney: Sorry for the confusion.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Afrasiabi.
Mark Afrasiabi  PIMCO:  Thanks. I am all set.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Paul Lee]
Paul Lee: Hi, I have a question regarding the private contract negotiations. If you look back in second half of last year, comparing that with this year, would you say you are doing a little bit better than second half of last year or do you think it is at par?
Rich Whitney: Given we disclosed that we did a lousy job in the second half of last year, but the answer to the question is we are doing much better, we can't really swagger since we did poorly in the second half of last year, but the answer is, we are doing better.
Paul Lee: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from Darren Lehrich.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Thanks for taking my follow-ups. I just wanted to dig into, Rich, one of your statements in the prepared remarks, about M&A, CapEx moving up a little bit and maybe if you can help us with that comment in the context where you are seeing M&A opportunities in order of magnitude?
Rich Whitney: Yes, the numbers that I gave were for both de novos and acquisitions combined. That range is $250 million to $300 million. That is up from, I believe, $200 million to $220 million, if I am not mistaken. So it is an increase that is primarily driven by the fact that we are spending more and expect to open more as a result, new centers, as well. Through the first part of the year we have spent a little bit more on acquisitions than we had anticipated, in part because of acquisitions of minority interest.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. Then an earlier caller had asked about the tax rate outlook for 2009. Just going back to '03, your tax rates have been closer to 39% for quite some time. Can you just share with us your outlook on tax rate next year?
Rich Whitney: Yes. To reiterate for the balance of the year, we are estimating that our tax rate would be in the range of 38.5% to 39.5% and then, our best estimates for 2009 would be round about the 40% range.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. The question then is what's driving the tax rate outlook to go up versus longer term tax rate that's been closer to 39%. I just want to make sure that we are not missing something that may have changed with regard to your tax planning. Thanks.
Rich Whitney: Yes. I don't know if there is anything that changed dramatically in the last quarter or two, but we certainly are getting a lot more pressure from various states that are taking more aggressive positions about [Nexus] and things like that. So, there is just a lot more action on the state front in the various parts of our portfolio.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. Then my last thing
Rich Whitney: I think you were seeing that in the current year if you back out some of the FIN 48 benefits that we have experienced.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. That is helpful. My last thing, just for Kent, you called out the big three swing factors for '09. I just want to make sure, I am thinking about it, right, because the first two sound pretty logical, patients and rates, volume and rate, but the government side, it seems like it is pretty much set given the legislations passed and so, is there something that we are missing as it relates to the Medicare outlook? Or is it just the omen of potential surprise?
Kent Thiry: Yes, two things. Number one, always the element of potential surprise; number two the potential for private pay extension.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, thanks very much.
Kent Thiry: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dawn Brock.
Dawn Brock - JPMorgan: Hi there. Kent, I have got two questions for you. Maybe I am just going to give another try at the patient volume side. So, on the patient losses, are you seeing new pressures in your contract talks and negotiations from the commercial payors or have your parameters for a successful contract negotiation changed?
Kent Thiry: No. We are not seeing new pressures, pressures versus the last six, eight months, different pressures versus two years ago, but not versus the last couple of quarters that we have reported.
Dawn Brock - JPMorgan: Okay. Maybe the reason I asked it this way is that, obviously commercial pricing pressure is something that you have highlighted for some time, but the losses seem new. So, is a piece of the message that we should shift our focus from rev per treatment to volume or patient count is the more volatile potential variable?
Rich Whitney:  I think the message is that, we ought to look at them both equally and the orientation has been more in the past purely on the rate. What we are trying to do is say that there are two levers of potential upside or downside and they are equally important and they are equally in play. Is that helpful?
Dawn Brock - JPMorgan: Yes, it is, that is fair enough. The second thing is could you talk a little bit about your conversations with the managed-care providers around the VillageHealth offering? Is it a timing issue where they need more prompting or more data? Is the conversation just less fluid? There is more of a hard stop where they are not believing or understanding the financial or clinical value-add. I am just trying to understand why enrollment isn't moving?
Rich Whitney:  Okay, you are touching on two very different subjects because the enrollment in VillageHealth is Medicare patients. The private plans for private patients, is a very different conversation with respect to disease management. Now VillageHealth does both. We have private clients and then we have our operation that enrolls Medicare patients. Then, there is an overlap of course, which would be Medicare Advantage patients within a privately-owned Medicare Advantage plan, which is kind of the.
Dawn Brock - JPMorgan: The flip side of it.
Rich Whitney: Yes. So we have got those two different buckets or three different buckets. So, can you just say the question again, so I do a good job?
Dawn Brock - JPMorgan: Sure, I was trying to hit on both. If we are looking at the investment in VillageHealth and we are also looking at the snip plan, if we go onto VillageHealth and we look at enrollment, it has been a little bit irregular, is maybe a good term for it. As we move toward bundling, the question is, is there going to be, or do you anticipate being able to work with the commercial guys on, on the snip side and being able to work with Medicare on the VillageHealth side and hopefully be able to forge some, mutually enjoyable benefits on, in both where you are able to actually provide services to this patient population for less than either of the current providers can and there might be some profit sharing that could go on.
Kent Thiry: Yes. All right, let me tackle them in sequence. I hear where you are coming from. On the government side, the ironic news is in many ways there is more people in Medicare and Congress who are intensely interested in more innovative and integrated care management as a way of improving quality in bringing down taxpayer cost than you find it in the private sector. It is actually rational because as most of you know on the private side after 30 months the government takes over these patients. So, private payors don't have the same number of chips on the table. So, we find ourselves in the ironic position that there is a lot more government senior people who see that, we have got less than 1% of Medicare enrollees consuming 7% of the dollars and it looks like that 14 hospital days per year could come down quite a bit because some people have pulled that off in the real world. So, with respect to the government, we are with all the right qualifiers that one has to use when you are working with the Federal Government, and they have got a tough program to administer we think there is some truly exciting upside in improving quality and reducing taxpayer costs. If you recall, we are only about 30% of the total cost of a kidney care ESRD patient, but we have tremendous ability to influence the other 70, if they would just let us do it. The one countervailing factor to that is that Congressman Stark doesn't like the private approach on some of these chronically ill patients. So hopefully, with all the data that we have that it is a great thing for patients, families and taxpayers that we can actually make a lot of progress in the next couple years. On the private side, we already have several private clients who despite the fact that they give up these patients after 30 months are interested and/or they have got significant Medicare Advantage presence and accountability. So, we are picking up a lot more interest in the private side now than we did a couple of years ago. None of this stuff happens quickly. So, I want to make sure that my enthusiasm, strategic commitment doesn't somehow imply that in two quarters we are going to have some dramatic uptick in profitability because of making money on these product lines, but the level of interest and the sophistication of interest is up a bunch.
Dawn Brock - JPMorgan: Okay, that is very helpful. Thank you.
Kent Thiry: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Art Henderson.
Art Henderson - Jefferies & Co: Hi Kent, could you give us your thoughts on home dialysis. Have the prospects there diminished in any way near-term with anything that has happened legislatively?
Kent Thiry: When you say home, are you referring to PD or Home hemo?
Art Henderson - Jefferies & Co: Home hemo.
Kent Thiry: Yes. I would not say the legislation changes the prospects in either direction, but what were you thinking?
Art Henderson - Jefferies & Co: Well, I know about a year-ago, this was a topic that was discussed more actively and it seems to have died out a bit. I just wasn't sure whether there was something specific on the reimbursement front, when we were talking about the MSP extension that might have facilitated Home hemo more. I just was more curious about what your outlook was for that particular?
Kent Thiry: Yes. Our outlook is pretty much the same as it was a year ago. This is an area to quote ourselves, from a year ago, where you hear some people, who are intense evangelists and others who are intense critics both of them marshaling their own clinical and economic arguments. We are totally agnostic, but we are doing a bunch of it. We are collecting data, we think with great rigor on both the clinical and the economic front. We are learning a lot. So, as CMS has to make the big policy call here over the next couple of years, we think we are going to be well positioned to be their absolute best partner in crafting a policy that is thoughtful for the taxpayer and the patient. So, we are no more or less optimistic or pessimistic than a year ago and anybody who is totally certain of which way that puppy should go, you should ignore.
Art Henderson - Jefferies & Co: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) You have a follow-up question from Gary Taylor.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Hi, thanks. Just a real quick one. On the 80 new de novos contemplated for this year, will there be overlap of medical directors or will you have to recruit 80 new medical directors? When you answer that, can you just talk about generally just the market and the outlook in terms of recruiting and supply of nephrologists in general?
Rich Whitney: In the majority of our de novos we are working with physicians with whom we have worked before and are working with currently in existing centers. Then there is a nontrivial minority of de novos, where it is a doctor with whom we have not worked. That is a non-quantification of the mix but it is a clear strong majority versus minority. Then overall on the physician recruiting front most of the macro data says that the number of nephrologists is not growing as quickly as the number of patients. I am not so sure that the macro data is right. I am not so sure the difference is big enough to really create any significant change in supply and demand. There is a whole lot of competition to earn being chosen as the provider with whom a physician wants to be affiliated. So that's intense, but not dramatically different than any time in the past. Did I hit all the parts?
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Yes, I think so. It just doesn't seem to be a barrier to de novo growth, basically. Competitive but not a hindering.
Rich Whitney: I would word it slightly differently. It is a barrier in some cases because you can have a geography that you think would be a good spot, but you don't have a quality doctor to be the medical director and help you take care of the patients, but it is no more a barrier than the past, that is what I would say.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Lee.
Paul Lee: Yes, I have a follow-up question on project, VillageHealth. You talked about the enrollment being under your expectation. I am just trying to get what is the reason behind it? Was it because the regulatory environment or the private payors not very enthusiastic about it or the patients not very enthusiastic about it or on your side your execution has been not very good? I just want to get between the three parties, which one you would say is the reason behind the under expectation, the recruitment under expectation?
Kent Thiry: Yes, we have done and I appreciate the previous questioner using the term irregular. It was very polite. Yes, we have done a lousy job and the reasons for it are several. One is it is hard. Two is we were not thoughtful enough. Three, you have got to be exceptionally careful from a compliance point of view because the government has a lot of concerns about providers marketing stuff like that, anybody marketing stuff like this, but particularly providers. So you have to just bend over backwards to make sure that there is never any inappropriate pressure and only the most positive steps taken in terms of education and invitation et cetera. Then, fourth, is, some of our best people had to spend a lot of time in Washington DC fighting to preserve special needs plans as opposed to being in the trenches accelerating the cycle time of our learning about how to do enrollment with all the right conservatism. For those who aren't familiar, there were a bunch of people in Congress who wanted to kill special needs plans and in some kill ESRD special needs plans, which would have just been a clinical crime. These special needs plans can be beautiful things for the patients and the taxpayers. It's hard to imagine America's Medicare problem being solved without them. Of course, simultaneously, what DaVita always says, those plans have to be totally transparent and accountable. Clinically and procedurally with respect to practices and outcomes and we are prepared to pay that price in order to deliver integrated care to this population and to the taxpayers so forgive the sermon, but it was relevant for the he soliloquy, but it was relevant to your question.
Paul Lee: Thank you very much.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from the line of Justin Lake.
Justin Lake - UBS:  Just a quick question on minority interest, looks like its running about 5% of operating income. Is that about right?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, Justin, I don't have the numbers in front of me, but I think that sounds right.
Justin Lake - UBS: Is that about the same as far as the percentage of your centers that have a minority partner? With the physicians? Would that be higher or lower?
LeAnne Zumwalt: I believe the percentage of centers with minority partners is slightly higher.
Justin Lake - UBS: Okay. Then as far as the new centers, really I am just curious as to how many are being done in minority partnerships? Then, just a quick comment on what you are seeing there as far as physician interest and whether you expect to be doing more or less of them?
Rich Whitney: Yes, there is a mix in that 80 of both wholly-owned and joint venture partnerships as there has been for a number of years. I would say if anything, maybe there is a small trend towards more, but we are still doing a mix like we always have.
Justin Lake - UBS: Okay.
Kent Thiry: Yeah Justin, I have not run these numbers, but if I had to guess, I would say the percentage that have minority investors is higher than it was two years ago, not lower.
Justin Lake - UBS: Okay, just curious too, of the 80, is it double the amount. I am just trying to find out how this minority interest is spend overtime as a percentage?
Rich Whitney: Yes, we don't have it in front of us, Justin. We just quickly look at the math because we don't normally look at it this way, the way you posed the question, but the minority interest is more like 10%, not 5%.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Of centers.
Rich Whitney: In terms of the trending, it is on minority interest, it bounced around, and it was a little low in Q1 as we had pointed out. We expected it to go up in Q2 which it did and then this level is indicative of a normal level going forward. Though, as Ken pointed out, we are doing somewhat more joint ventures than we had over a couple of years ago. So, maybe you would see slow growth in that number overtime. Does that answer your question?
Justin Lake - UBS: I think so. Thanks a lot.
Operator: There are no more questions at this time.
Kent Thiry: All right, thank you all very much for your interest in DaVita and we will work hard to serve you well over the next three months. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-30 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  LeAnne Zumwalt  VP of IR Kent Thiry  CEO Rich Whitney  CFO John Ransom  Raymond James Mark Arnold  Piper Jaffray & Co.  Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank Clara King [ph] Bill Bonello  Wachovia Securities Justin Lake  UBS Gary Liberman  Stanford Group Company Gary Taylor  Banc of America Securities Andreas Dernago [ph]
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Josh and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Q1 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) Thank you. Ms. Zumwalt, you may begin your conference.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Thank you, Josh, and welcome everyone to our first quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm LeAnne Zumwalt, Vice President of Investor Relations and with me is Kent Thiry, our CEO and Rich Whitney, our CFO. I'll start with the forward-looking disclosure statement. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements which generally can be identified by the content of such statements or the use of forward-looking terminology, and includes statements that do not concern historical facts. All such forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning the risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us and we undertake no obligation to update these statements, whether as a result of changes in underlying factors, new information, future events or other developments. Additionally, our press release and related disclosure include certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures should be considered in addition to the results prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered a substitute for GAAP results. Also included in the press release is a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures. I'll now turn the call over to Kent Thiry.
Kent Thiry : Thank you, LeAnne. Q1 operating performance was solid and we are on plan for 2008. I'll provide a review of the following three items: Number one, clinical results; number two, government policy; and number three, the 2008 forecast and longer-term outlook. Number one: Clinical results: As is our custom, we will present these first. We are first and foremost a caregiving company serving over 107,000 patients. I'll report three outcome measures. First, adequacy, which is essentially how well we are doing at removing toxins from our patients' blood. This past quarter 95% of our patients had a Kt/V greater than 1.2. Second with respect to access, 58% of our patients have specialist [ph] place to receive dialysis. And third, in anemia management, 80% of our patients had a hemoglobin greater or equal to 11; taking the inverse, 20% had a hemoglobin less than 11. In each of these clinical measures, our outcomes compared quite favorable to national averages, and these numbers do relate to patients who have been with DaVita for 90 days. It is worth noting that nationally, the percent of patients with hemoglobin less than 11 has gone up approximately 25% since early '07 and the percent of patients with hemoglobin less than 10 has gone up approximately 20% from early '07. On to a Washington D.C. update or more broadly a public policy update. As many of you know, the House has their Medicare package from late last year. The Senate is literally working on Medicare as we speak, including on dialysis provisions. It is, at this point, impossible to handicap what the outcome will be with any confidence whatsoever beyond saying that if dialysis is included in the legislation, there is a reasonable probability that there will be a bundle in some form. Next, on to our outlook. Our '08 operating income guidance will remain the same 790 to 850. As to private rates, nothing significant was settled or occurred in the first quarter. We're still involved in a number of material negotiations. No clear window on when they will be resolved. And we may have to accept some patient losses in order to maintain private rates that are sufficient to offset our Medicare deficit. In case anyone has a question about '09, it's just too early for us to provide worthwhile guidance right now and no surprise, private rates and government reimbursement decisions remain the biggest swing factors. I'll now turn the call over to our CFO, Rich.
Rich Whitney : Thanks, Kent. I'd like to address a few key points about our quarter's results. First, the major drivers of our operating income results in the quarter. In Q1, we had the typical seasonal decline in treatment days. Q1 had two fewer treatment days than Q4 '07. Dialysis revenue per treatment increased $0.84 sequentially, benefitting from an increase in the Medicare drug add-on, some annual CPI rate increases and these two items were partially offset by declines in physician prescribed pharmaceuticals. Other revenue per treatment increased $0.89 and that was primarily due to the growth of our specialty pharmacy. Overall, operating expense per treatment increased $0.66 sequentially, driven by an increase in labor cost primarily because of the expected higher payroll taxes in the first quarter. Also, center-level operating expense per treatment was higher due to fewer treatment days in the quarter and these two items were offset by a decrease in General & Administrative expense of $3.20 per treatment. Q1 G&A was unusually low and as we have indicated previously, our G&A fluctuates from quarter to quarter, for example, due to the timing of consulting or professional fees, among other reasons. We expect G&A to be sequentially higher in the second quarter. And for the year, you should expect G&A to be in the range of 9% to 9.5% of revenue, but we will certainly see fluctuations from quarter to quarter. As for our cash flow, the rolling 12-month operating cash flow was $536 million. Q1 cash flow was on target and we are reiterating our operating cash flow expectations for 2008 of $480 million to $530 million. A few other comments. Non-acquired growth of 5% was unusually high, in part due to a high number of Monday, Wednesday, Friday days on the calendar in the first quarter of this year. You should continue to expect non-acquired growth to be in the 4% to 4.5% range for the year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 39% which is at the low end of our range of 39% to 40% due to a FIN 48 reserve reduction. We continue to expect the rate to be around 39.5% for the full year, but the rate of course may fluctuate quarter to quarter because of the effects of FIN 48 requirements. And then finally, since our last earnings call, we spent $136 million of our available cash repurchasing approximately 2.8 million shares. And operator, you can open it up for Q&A now, please?
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of John Ransom.
John Ransom  Raymond James: Hi, I just had a quick one. What is the share count for the beginning of the second quarter? Thanks.
Rich Whitney : Hold on one second, John. We're checking. Since we'll throw out the answer once we have it in front of us.
John Ransom  Raymond James: Okay, thanks.
Rich Whitney : Okay.
Kent Thiry : Next question, Operator?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Arnold.
Mark Arnold  Piper Jaffray & Co.: Good afternoon, great results. Just one question. Looking at the growth sequentially in your cost per treatment line, is it fair to say that the pharma utilization was pretty flat sequentially from Q4?
Rich Whitney : In the quarter, pharma utilization overall was down a bit and that's offset in the operating expenses by the other items that I mentioned.
Mark Arnold  Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. Actually that's the only question I had, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich.
Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Good afternoon. A few things, just a clinical question. What was the mean hemoglobin of your patient population in the first quarter?
Kent Thiry : Darren, this is Kent. I don't know off hand. I'll have somebody check. I think it was about 11.9, very close to that. I don't think it went down as low as 11.8. I know it went below 12 and I don't know that that would have changed in the opposite direction, so 11.9 is awfully close to the answer and we'll get back to you if it's anything materially different.
Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank: Okay, so that number sounds stable with the last time I think you've discussed this on conference call, so where are we with EPO utilization and what's your view about EPO utilization declining from here?
Kent Thiry : Yes, let me take a stab at it and I have to start with that first phrase that's no fun, which is we're still not sure what is going to happen going forward because a lot of doctors are revisiting their practices and their protocols and the parts of the protocol that was developed by the DaVita Physician Council that they like and dislike, and so it's just still moves around a lot within individual physician groups. On average, however, what you saw was late in the first quarter or early in the second, the utilization started to move up a little bit. So the way some people interpreted that is that with the implementation around the new EMP, with the stop in reimbursement after a couple months and all of the focus on people above 13, that that lead many more doctors to hold, literally stop providing EPO as opposed to titrating down, in other words reducing the amount of EPO , so more doctors held leading to, A, a valley in terms of average EPO utilization use and, B, some increased volatility in our patients' hemoglobin scores as well as the increase in the sub-10 population, and then as I said late in the quarter or early in the new quarter, there was some movement back up a little bit. Therefore, some people look at that and say, "Gee, maybe we have reached the new sort of relative level of stability given it appears to have bottomed out." I'm not ready to say that, but that's all the data that we have and hopefully will help you draw your own conclusion. All of this of course could be subject to any new (inaudible) which would start changing people's point of view again. Is that responsive?
Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank: Yes, that is helpful, Kent. As far as mortality, is there anything that you can share with us just about your mortality statistics? We haven't heard that number in some time.
Kent Thiry : Well, first let me say I just got handed the official number for the hemoglobin and it is 11.9. So we had that one right. And on mortality, there hasn't been any significant change. We remain a group with 107,000 patients, almost one out of every three patients in America and a gross mortality rate that looks very good compared to the national averages. I have not looked at this number a bit, but in for many, many months of 2007, we were in the 17s, meaning to say 7% to 17% range on gross mortality. There's been no dramatic difference that I know of, so I would guess we still look quite good there.
Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then I'll move on, I just have a couple more things and I'll jump back in the queue here. You did open quite a few de novo, so can you just comment please on what's happened? We've heard about in many other subsectors in healthcare lots of delays with regard to surveying, so did something open up for you in the quarter or are you doing something in an accelerated way that we should know about?
Kent Thiry : Short answer is no. The reason there were so many was more because we had a lot of delays in the last three months of '07 as opposed to '08 things happening faster. In addition, we are not doing as well as we have historically in terms of census at the new centers, although it's very, very early to be saying anything noteworthy there. But the number of de novos was higher than usual. It's not going to stay at that rate and it was because of last year's delays, not this year's acceleration.
Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then, Village Health, can you just bring us up to speed, do you have enrollment for Village Health? And as we look at the CMS data, Kent, there's been really negligible enrollment that they're reporting for the Village Health product that you're offering and I just want to get a sense for where you think you are relative to your plans there.
Kent Thiry : We had a lousy first quarter in enrollment, and the two primary drivers of that was, one, a lot of the executive talent focused on getting the operations infrastructure in place, which was quite a ramp up for them to pull off and second, a bunch of the other executives having to spend a lot of time in Washington D.C. working on the reauthorization of the SNP plans period. So, those are the two excuses, if you will, or explanations, neither of which of course is acceptable. We were supposed to get all that stuff done, plus hit our enrollment targets, and we didn't.
Rich Whitney : We should point out that the enrollment data on the web site is old.
Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank: Okay. Last one from me. Bundled contract structures for managed care, are you doing anything more in this realm to, I guess, migrate any of your contracts or more of your contracts, I should say, to bundled structures, just some color there, please? Thanks.
Kent Thiry : We are non-denominational with respect to bundling versus unbundled, both in private and in the government. Having said that, the percent of our private business, which is bundled, has been growing steadily over the last 2.5 years and we predict that it will continue to. It tends to be more driven by the payers wanting to do it that way than us caring.
Darren Lehrich: Thanks very much.
Kent Thiry : Thank you, Darren.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Clara King [ph].
Clara King : Hi. Just a quick question. Just curious about the timing of the buybacks. Was there anything driving that or significant about that? It looks like there were kind of two periods where you're buying back stock?
Rich Whitney : No. I think we've broken them out in the press release in that fashion just so that we disclose the information of what was actually purchased during the quarter and then also to give you the most up-to-date information as to what we had purchased since the end of the quarter. That was the only reason why we broke them out into two periods.
Clara King : Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Bonello.
Bill Bonello  Wachovia Securities: Good afternoon. Just a couple of questions here. The first one is, Kent, you made some comments about you still have ongoing managed care negotiations and you may have to lose patients and what not. Can you give us any benchmark around that, any sense of the magnitude of exposure out there right now?
Kent Thiry : Let me see if I can come up with anything that's useful. We're talking to some large payers, but that doesn't necessarily mean there's going to be a large deal or a deal that involves large movement, up, down, or sideways. So, it's pretty difficult to calibrate. Why don't you come at me again, see if I can be useful at all.
Bill Bonello  Wachovia Securities: Well, when you say you're talking to large payers, are you talking to large payers about rates on a national basis, rates on a multi-state basis, or rates on a zip code basis?
Kent Thiry : There's very little national conversation. They usually don't go too far on national single rate, so that's a part of it, and then you have more conversation about national multiple rates and almost inevitably, you end up having conversations about regional or state or some local rates because of the realities the payer faces in some markets or the realities we face in some markets. So it's kind of all of the above through the course of a conversation.
Bill Bonello  Wachovia Securities: Okay, and maybe to just come at it one other way, I mean as you look at sort of the risk of commercial contracting today versus where you felt the risk was back at the time of the Analyst Day or sort of the time period immediately preceding that, does the risk appear to be as great?
Kent Thiry : I would say the risk is the same, Bill. I'm not willing to adjust that.
Bill Bonello  Wachovia Securities: Okay. And then just a couple balance sheet questions. The allowance continues to grow north of 15% year-over-year, the balance sheet allowance, and it continues to increase as a percent of sort of gross receivables. Is that still just that you're working your way through a systems transition or ?
Rich Whitney: Yes, Bill, that's really just the timing of write-offs against the reserve and we have been consolidating and building platforms and moving things around among offices, etc., so that's really what I would point to. I think the overall, the net AR balance as reflected in DSO has been within a relatively stable and normal band and that's really what I would point you to.
Bill Bonello  Wachovia Securities: Okay, and the two day uptick in DSO?
Kent Thiry : Really just a timing of cash collections, not an unusual movement from quarter to quarter.
Bill Bonello  Wachovia Securities: Okay, and then just the final balance sheet question, the decrease in other receivables?
Kent Thiry: Other receivables are  there is a number of things in there, but a big part of it is rebates and so the movement is just based upon the timing of those payments. We of course accrue them throughout the course of the year and they get paid at different times.
Bill Bonello  Wachovia Securities: Okay, thanks.
Kent Thiry: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake.
Justin Lake  UBS: Thanks. Couple questions here. I guess first, just in regards to the operating income guidance. Quarter was obviously pretty solid. It sounds like the big Risk Factors that you kind of highlighted being EPO and commercial rates, doesn't sound like there's a ton new to discuss there, but certainly not on the disastrous side some of us had feared. Is there any reason you could point us to as to why that range still needs to be so wide or why you think you're still going to be towards the bottom end of it, given what you know a third of the way through the year?
Kent Thiry : Let me take a stab at it Justin. I think everything I'm going to say it is going to sort of vanilla but let's see if it adds some value. To be honest, we probably didn't give a huge amount of thought to whether or not we should narrow the range. We just didn't and we'll certainly do that provoked by your question and it seems comfortable to keep the range the same, and it captures at this point a very substantial percentage of probabilities and we like having a range that does that. We hope that that does create real value for you guys, guys used in the non-gender laden sense, in trying to figure out how to value us, and we still think that the lower end is more likely than the upper end, so we didn't want to go out and reverse that statement, but it is true. The probabilities that were outside the range are lower than before. The probability that we fall under the bottom of the range is significantly lower than it was before. So, in that sense, your use of the word solid I think is right. A lot of things are more solid now than they were three to four months ago, if you look at the EPO stuff and the payer stuff and some of the operating variables. And perhaps my answer to Bill a moment ago was a little bit incomplete. When I was asked the question by Bill, would I characterize the risk differently today than before then, I think the risk is the same in terms of payer behavior and if anything, maybe tightened up a notch or heightened a notch just because of the pressures that some of the payers are having with their own earnings. On the other hand, as I've mentioned before, we are not operating at our best for a period last year and that's part of why what happened happened and I feel very good about having improved all aspects of our working and thinking around contracts and so in that sense that part of the risk, our own operating risk is lower than before. So do all those sentences help give you a sense that while on the one hand things are more solid, on the other hand there's nothing that's different enough to warrant changing the range?
Justin Lake  UBS: Okay, any commentary around being towards the lower end of the range, maybe you could just tell us what would need to happen or what you're kind of embedding as far as EPO and commercial contracting that's going to put you there given again that solid performance so far?
Kent Thiry: No, there's nothing I can say there because, of course, our forecast is a product of every single factor. How in the heck these de novos in fact do and there's so many of them on our plate and they're little behind plan, we still don't know when some of this payer stuff is going to be resolved and exactly if we're going to be in big battles which are very expensive, even if you win, or if we're not, and so it's just not possible to sort of pick out three or four assumptions and say, "This is why we think the lower end," because it's inherently a composite of everything.
Justin Lake  UBS: Okay. I'll switch topics. Just one other thing. On the minority interest side, looking at the reported number, it's down year-over-year and looks like it continues to decline and I'm just curious, has there been any bifurcation results between the facilities you've JVed with and those non-JVed facilities and maybe you could highlight some of the other factors that might be impacting that and our kind of your overall outlook towards joint venture facilities, are you seeing them increase as a percentage of the de novos or decrease?
Rich Whitney: Justin, this is Rich. The changes in minority interest are really just the timing of results and the variability of results of those joint venture operations. I don't think you can really draw any conclusion from that line item as to relative performance of joint venture facilities versus wholly owned facilities and in fact, we would predict that our minority interest line would likely trend up from here and the Q1 was low just because of the timing of how the results played out for the joint venture centers. So I wouldn't draw too much from it. It is down as you point out. It does move around a bunch and in fact, we would expect it to go back up and that's probably all you can really conclude from it. As far as our stance on joint ventures versus wholly owned, Kent, I don't know if you wanted to add anything specifically to that?
Kent Thiry : We still are very positive about owning 100% and we're still very positive about joint ventures. It's really a question or whether or not a physician wants to be a business partner and work with us to make a great center happen. We're happy to do it either way.
Justin Lake  UBS: Okay, thank you very much.
Rich Whitney: Before we go to the next question, I think we almost forgot about you, John Ransom. You had the question about the share count and what we had exited Q1 at. And that number is 106.8 million shares outstanding at the end of the quarter. Next question, operator?
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman.
Gary Liberman  Stanford Group Company: Thanks, good afternoon. Kent, you said in your prepared remarks that I guess some of the contracting with the large payers is still unresolved. Is that in line with your expectations or had you hoped to wrap up some of the contracting in the first quarter?
Kent Thiry : No. It is consistent with our expectations that it is unresolved and it would also be our expectation that no resolution is imminent.
Gary Liberman  Stanford Group Company: Okay, and then last quarter, you said something to the effect of having battles in front of you, but you had a reasonable chance of winning a whole bunch of them. Are you still comfortable with that statement or would you change that at all?
Kent Thiry : If I said I was confident about winning a bunch, I misspoke, so I apologize for that. It's just that we could have them and if we have them, our results could be volatile because of that and I think we will win our share, but if I use word choice that was anymore  one sided in either direction, that was poor performance on my part.
Gary Liberman  Stanford Group Company: I guess from the perspective of  it sounds like from your comments of having  getting by some of the operational issues you had on a contracting front and what not that you feel like you're at least in a good position to negotiate which puts you in a position to win those. Is that a fair statement?
Kent Thiry : I don't know how much further we can go in sort of refining adjectives and subjective assessments of probability that's going to add value. We think we bring a lot of value-added to the conversations with payers. Our geographic footprint, our differential outcomes, our differential ability to track outcomes, our ability to help produce hospitalizations, and then our good old willingness to battle hard, so you put all of that together, we think we can, we think it's a fair fight if a fight is what it ends up being, although of course that's not the hope. But I just don't know how much more adjective parsing we can do that's going to help refine what is in the end an unknown because we're negotiating with very serious talented thoughtful people on the other side that want a different outcome than we do and so to try to inject too much certainty into a forecast around that is just not prudent.
Gary Liberman  Stanford Group Company: Okay and then maybe if I could ask some questions about some of the revenue per treatment details that you gave. You mentioned that Medicare revenue per treatment was up in the quarter. Could you just give a little bit more color in terms of what was driving that?
Rich Whitney : Yes. There was an increase in the Medicare drug add-on component of our Medicare reimbursement that was effective January 1. That would have affected the entire industry.
Gary Liberman  Stanford Group Company: Okay, and then I think you also said that specialty pharma trends added $0.89 in revenue per treatment?
Rich Whitney : That's correct and that would show up in the other revenue line and that's due to the growth of that specialty pharmacy. So it's a growth rather than a pricing component.
Gary Liberman  Stanford Group Company: Okay. And then I guess just in terms of thinking about the commercial component of revenue per treatment, would that have been flat or up or down in the quarter?
Kent Thiry: Overall, up a little bit. Of course, in any quarter we have some that are going up, some that are going down, and of course as we mentioned we're in discussions with a handful of larger payers but in this quarter it would have been up a little bit and in part due to annual CPI rate increases on certain portion of our portfolio.
Gary Liberman  Stanford Group Company: Okay. And then I guess just one final question in terms of use of capital going forward, looks like you still have sizeable cash balance on the balance sheet. You bought back a number of shares in the quarter. How much do you still have outstanding on the current reauthorization  on the share repurchase authorization?
Rich Whitney : About $100 million outstanding under our existing Board authorization.
Gary Liberman  Stanford Group Company:  And then can you just maybe refresh us in terms of how the company thinks about best use of cash at this point? The stocks not trading dramatically different from where you bought back some of the shares in the quarter and is there anything potentially more interesting on the acquisition front?
Rich Whitney : Nothing has really changed in terms of the way we think about allocation of capital. Really, it's always been our policy for the last eight years or so not to talk prospectively about potential acquisitions or potential share repurchases, but instead to talk about capital allocation generally and we really haven't changed our point of view as it relates to that. To allocate our available free cash flow to grow through de novos and acquisitions and if you put on a multi-year hat and look at the structure of our industry, you probably will draw the conclusion that over an extended period of time that we're likely to generate more cash than there will be available growth opportunities and as a result, we're likely to return some capital to shareholders, particularly in absence of a change of our historic debt policy which is that business is a high free cash flow business. It's a stable free cash flow. It's not cyclical. And so we believe in that kind of business with stable cash flows not capital intensive to grow the business and sort of a low but steady growth. It's appropriate to have a reasonable amount of financial leverage on the business. Kind of put all of those things together and the conclusion is that we ought to have free cash flow to spend on acquisitions that have plenty of free cash flow to spend on de novos. We ought to have some free cash flow to return to shareholders, but again that's over an extended period of time and any one year or two, we could have plenty of growth opportunities to take our free cash flow. So, and if you go back and look at the history, that's 100% consistent with how we've allocated the capital over time.
Gary Liberman  Stanford Group Company:  And then just final question there, in terms of timing of the share repurchase it looks like you bought back most of the shares at the end of the quarter and even more so into the second quarter. Is there anything we should or could read into that from a timing perspective? Was there, because the stock was lower, at some point earlier in the first quarter and you didn't buy any back down sort of at the I guess what the bottom was for the first quarter? Was there something else you were waiting on to see if it was going to go or looking for better visibility into the business?
Rich Whitney: No, I don't think you should read that much into it. We bought some at lower prices. We bought some at higher prices. I don't think you should read into the specifics of the exact timing of repurchases.
Gary Liberman  Stanford Group Company:  Okay, thanks a lot.
Rich Whitney: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich.
Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank : Yes, I just have had follow-up, more housekeeping question. Can you just reconcile for me on the cash flow statement where the buyback is? I know you're saying 32 million but if I look at the cash flow statement, it's 7 million in purchases of treasury stock and maybe there's something netting against some of the items in the cash flow statement , but can you just point me in the direction of where I'd see that?
Kent Thiry:  Yes. That's the right line item and the difference between that and what's disclosed in the press release is simply the settlement, so we purchased the higher amount that's quoted in the press release and the amount that we actually settled in cash is on the cash flow statement, so it takes a couple of days to settle so we just hadn't settled those extra repurchases.
Darren Lehrich  Deutsche Bank : Perfect. Thanks very much.
Kent Thiry: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Arnold.
Mark Arnold  Piper Jaffray & Co.: Just a couple of follow-up questions, I'm going to take another stab on the capital side. Maybe without specifics and not asking you guys to talk about how you'd use capital but are you starting to see more potential deals that are attractive from a valuation perspective, given your access to capital in this market in either dialysis or non-dialysis businesses?
Kent Thiry: I think the answer to that is no. There really hasn't been any particular change and this is fairly highly consolidated business at this point in time, but you got to start with that and then with what's remaining, there are some mid-sized dialysis chains, and then from there, it drops off pretty quickly. But we're very active on the business development size as we always are every quarter, working on trying to find acquisitions at the right prices, but I wouldn't say there's been any shift in the availability of acquisitions that are imminent.
Mark Arnold  Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. And outside of dialysis, in complementary businesses, such as what you guys acquired with the home infusion business last September, I mean, do you see anything in any complementary businesses that's starting to look more attractive than it has historically?
Kent Thiry: No.
Mark Arnold  Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay, and then just one last question. I think you've had some executive changes in the Village Health business in the last few months. Has that had any impact on that business and should we expect it to going forward?
Kent Thiry: We had one change, well, one departure and a couple of additions, Andrew Hayek who is running the business has gone to become the CEO of Surgical Care Affiliates, the TPG and former HealthSouth owned ASC business, and we wish him absolutely the best and we wish he was still here. But part of his charge was to build a team with a successor, and in fact prior to his decision to go there, we had already significantly changed his portfolio and added a couple of other things that were outside Village Health because we felt so good about the team he had put in place, and they've picked up the ball. Andrew in fact is still working with us. That transition is taking place right now, and so it certainly has had no impact on anything in the quarter just past or the month just past. It's not until the next month or two that there will be a difference in his working on the business.
Mark Arnold  Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Kent Thiry: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor.
Gary Taylor  Banc of America Securities: Hi, good afternoon. I forgot about the earlier start time so I missed the first part of the call, so just direct me to the transcript if I repeat something. But Kent, did you talk about impact on the quarter from the new EPO monitoring policy and what your thoughts are over the next couple of quarters with that in place?
Kent Thiry: Yes, we did, so when you check out the transcript you'll be able to hear exactly what we said about EPO and the EMP.
Gary Taylor  Banc of America Securities: I'll check that and then am I correct given your swap you have about a billion of floating rate debt outstanding?
Rich Whitney: Yes, that's very close to the number.
Gary Taylor  Banc of America Securities: And what was the sequentially basis point move on that debt from the fourth quarter in terms of interest costs?
Rich Whitney: We're looking it up so we will let you know.
Gary Taylor  Banc of America Securities: Okay. That's all I had, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Bonello.
Bill Bonello  Wachovia Securities: Just a couple of follow-up questions. You gave outlook for operating cash flow. Can you give outlook for free cash flow?
Rich Whitney: That's about $110 million less.
Bill Bonello  Wachovia Securities: And that's less  and the $110 million, is that routine CapEx or what are you 
Rich Whitney: Correct. Maintenance CapEx.
Bill Bonello  Wachovia Securities: Okay and what are your thoughts on development CapEx?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Acquisition and de novo, we've scheduled between $200 million to $220 million is what we've communicated.
Bill Bonello  Wachovia Securities: Okay, and then just in the past, you had mentioned  when you originally gave guidance, you mentioned some expectations for what the sort of drag from your start up businesses would be. Any change there?
Kent Thiry: No.
Bill Bonello  Wachovia Securities: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Andreas Dernago [ph].
Andreas Dernago: Kent, back to the Washington issues for a second, you talked that if there is dialysis in there, there's likely to be bundling, a couple of questions on that. One is, are we generally having the conversation around 98% of the rate or are we still talking 96% of the rate and is there sort of an understanding in CMS and on Capitol Hill that if you go to bundling that it would probably include or hopefully include some form of annually mandated update?
Kent Thiry: Yes, the issue of the update is impossible to handicap, there is an awful lot of people in Congress who want to give us an update but money is tight and so how you balance those two facts, it's hard to put words around that. I think the exact words that I use is that there's a reasonable chance that a bundle would be included if dialysis was included in the legislation and there's certainly again a lot of people in Congress who would like to see us bundled but not necessarily unless there's an update to go with it so they end up being kind of linked in that sense. So, it's a great big guessing game right now and anybody who predicts an outcome with any confidence, you should immediately downgrade your assessment of their credibility.
Andreas Dernago: Okay and I would then also no sort of update to your opinion last quarter that it's probably more unlikely that we'll see an MSP extension than likely, that's still the case?
Kent Thiry: Yes.
Andreas Dernago: Okay. Given your comment on commercial contract negotiations, you said that the company may have to sort of lose some commercial patients in order to keep rates at acceptable rates. Are you talking about sort of loss of existing patients or are you talking about a loss of potential additional patients that recontracting could bring you?
Kent Thiry: Both.
Andreas Dernago: So basically is there anything, if we look at the commercial contracting negotiations you're in, is there sort of just general pressure on pricing or is there sort of general pressure perhaps to bring those patients who are out of network in network?
Kent Thiry: Both.
Andreas Dernago: Any one more than the other?
Kent Thiry: No. That would differ by payer.
Andreas Dernago: Okay. When it comes to payer, based on the way that you contract, so not sort of taking the payer back to its national parent so to speak, but sort of grouping them, the way you contract with them and the way you negotiate with them, is there either you or Rich, is there any sort of comment you can make on your commercial payers in terms of concentrations, can you make the comment that there's no single payer that is more than 5% of revenues or 10% of revenue or whatever the number may be?
Rich Whitney: Well, Andreas, it really does depend upon how you cut that, as you say, and of course the payer side of the business is consolidated a bunch and so there are a handful of rather large payers if you look at it on a national basis.
Andreas Dernago: Sure, but you also commented that you're not contracting on a national basis and are unlikely to contract on a national basis going forward so if you look at it on the way you are contracting, so whatever that local or regional entity might be.
Rich Whitney: Yes, I don't have those figures handy so I won't quote you an exact number, but suffice to say there are in our portfolio, there are a number of large payers depending upon whether, let's just say even if you cut it regionally versus nationally, a number of those payers want more of their patients in network. They want lower rates, and we lose money on Medicare, so we don't have much of an appetite for lower rates and so we'll have to see what happens. And I think Kent's comment is that in some cases if we don't agree on a rate, the payer may attempt to move some patients to other providers.
Andreas Dernago: Sure, but is that sort of a number you just don't have handy and you can get to us or is that a number you are just not going to talk about?
Rich Whitney: Well, I just don't have it handy.
Andreas Dernago: So you can get that to us?
Rich Whitney: Yes, it's a number I don't have handy, Andreas, and if you wanted to call us back to talk about it, we could talk about it a little bit more and kind of go from there, but it's not a number we've disclosed in the past, not a number I have handy, so I can't help you today.
Kent Thiry: Is the number you're talking about payer concentration in terms of percent of revenue, are you still talking about that revenue?
Andreas Dernago: Yes.
Kent Thiry:  Yes, it was true in the past and it's true today that there's no payer who generates more than 5% of our revenue.
Andreas Dernago: Okay, great. And then just two other questions, one on Rich, I think it was your comments that part of the average revenue per treatment was hit by a decline in physician prescribed pharma this quarter. Was that comment based year-over-year or sequentially?
Rich Whitney: That was a sequential comment.
Kent Thiry: Andreas, there's one thing that you said that I think was incorrect. I did not say that I didn't think we would have any national contracts. I said that a single national rate sometimes gets discussed but usually falls apart. One could have a national contract with multiple rates embedded within it, so we right now don't make any prediction as to whether or not we'll have some national contracts but the prediction I did make is that there would be a single national rate.
Andreas Dernago: Okay.
Kent Thiry: I just didn't the want you to be surprised.
Andreas Dernago: No, absolutely. And basically I think for that EPO question where I'm getting at is we talked sort in the third quarter and fourth quarter that in the beginning of 2007, we saw about 2% or 3% reduction in utilization overall at the end of the more in the third and fourth quarter that had sort of accelerated to about a 5% reduction in utilization. I mean are we still basically around that same level in the first quarter?
Rich Whitney: I think it would be a bit more than that, Andreas, and I think what we had said is in the third quarter, it had been around that range and the fourth quarter we had said, look, it's bouncing around a bunch and we didn't think it would be useful to be specific about it. So Amgen disclosed they were down year-over-year a few days ago of 10% to 11% and we're not exactly at that, but it's not unreasonable to kind of use that as about the range of 10ish percent.
Andreas Dernago: Sure, and then just one or two quick things. Rich, when you talked about your share repurchase authorization, I mean you basically used almost $100 million I think in just the past three or four weeks so that remaining $100 million could theoretically be used relatively quickly. Would you expect if you do use the rest of your authorization that you always do want to have some sort of authorization outstanding so you would go to the Board for an additional?
Rich Whitney: Yes. If we used it, I think we think it makes sense to have an authorization available so that we could move quickly if we thought it was a good time to allocate some capital to that.
Andreas Dernago: Sure. And in the past, you pointed us towards your historic patterns. In the past, you have used sort of large let's call it $200 million, $300 million, $400 million authorizations in the form of Dutch tenders. Would that be an option at that point?
Rich Whitney: Not something we're considering right now. You got to remember that we're in a particular financing market, Andreas, so we don't have any appetite to (inaudible) that agreement for that right now.
Andreas Dernago: Okay, great. Thank you.
Kent Thiry: As you know, historically, we've almost always had Board authorization for substantial share repurchases and the reason we do that is so that we never have formalities get in the way of our ability to nimble. Having said that, even when an authorization is in place, we always maintain a steady stream of communication with the Board so that we make sure we're never applying previously completed authorization in a way that they aren't totally comfortable with, so I would anticipate that we will go back and ask for additional authorization in the same way that we've always wanted that on the shelf before.
Andreas Dernago: Absolutely, great. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And there are no further questions at this time.
Kent Thiry: All right, thank you all very much for your consideration. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-13 12:00:00) =====
Executives: LeAnne Zumwalt - VP of IR Kent Thiry - CEO Jim Hilger - Acting CFO Rich Whitney - CFO Designate
Analysts: Gary Lieberman - Stanford Group Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities Bill Bonello - Wachovia Capital Markets Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities Inc Justin Lake - UBS Securities Chuck Ross John Ransom - Raymond James Paul Lee Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray Jeff More
Operator: Good evening. My name is Miata, and I will be your conference operator today. (Operator Instructions). Ms. Zumwalt you may begin your conference.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Thank you, and welcome everyone to our fourth quarter call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm LeAnn Zumwalt, Vice President of Investor Relations, and with me today is Kent Thiry, our CEO, Jim Hilger our acting CFO and Rich Whitney, who will be our CFO, effective March 1st. I'd like to start with the forward-looking statement disclosures. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements, which can be generally identified by the content of such statements or the use of forward-looking terminology and includes statements that do not concern historical facts. All such forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details, concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings included in our most recent quarterly report and form 10-Q, and annual report on form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements, whether as a result of changes in underlying facts, new information, future events, or other developments. Additionally, our press release and related disclosures include certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures should be considered in addition to the results prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered a substitute for GAAP results. Also included in the press release is a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures. I'll now turn the call over to Kent Thiry.
Kent Thiry: Thank you, LeAnne. As you already know, our Q4 operating income performance fell in the middle of our guidance, I will go ahead and quickly review three items, clinical results, government policy and our 2008 forecast and longer term outlook. First at the clinical results, we are first and foremost, a caregiving company with 107,000 patients. I will quickly reference tow specific outcome measures. First, adequacy, which is essentially how well we clean the toxins from our patients' blood, 94% of our patients received [KKV] review of 1.2 or greater in the quarter. The second clinical area I will comment on is Anemia, where 82% of our patients had hemoglobin greater than or equal to 11, which obviously means that 18% of our patients were less than 11. This represents a 25% increase in sub 11s versus about a year ago. It appears physicians are reacting pretty strongly to CMSs new EMP policy and in their efforts to keep patients below 13 or ending up with more patients' sub 11. Our affiliated physicians have been very proud of their historically low percentage of patients having less than 11%. And we're working hard to support them in their efforts in this area. Our clinical outcomes continue to compare very favorably to the rest of American providers. Second topic area, Washington DC conversations have started on Medicare once again. The House of Representatives are studying with last year's bill that they've passed, although they know it surpasses anything near its current form. Bundling and an update, but once again be on the agenda, congressmen's agenda that is, as well as Special Need Plans and maybe one or two other items. It is too soon to do any predicting about what will happen there. Topic number three is our outlook going forward. Several points; Point A: we are maintaining the guidance that we previously provided. Point B: as we've explained before, the drop in our operating income run rate was in part driven by market factors and in part driven by underperformance by me and the team. Point C: we are entering into a period of above average uncertainty around our operating income trajectory. Point D: for those who are comparing us to FMC, it is relevant to note that if you adjust for geographic and other factors, one would expect their average revenue per treatment to be higher than ours on a simplistically normalized basis. The primary driver of this is our disproportionately larger presence in a couple of the geographies, with average lower rates, because of higher managed care penetration. Point E: we are not providing any guidance for '09 at this time; it suffices to say the range of QI outcomes is significantly larger than normal if you look out into that timeframe. And as we said as early as 10 months ago our '09 QI could be flat or down from '08. We are acutely sensitive to the fact that this very substantial uncertainty around the QI trajectory makes it very difficult for you to value your equity investment, real or contemplated. There is just simply no avoiding this uncertainty, however, because on the payers' side, point one payers have consolidated. And they are paying more attention to ancillary services and benefits, like ours. Thirdly, private rates have been increasing over the years. On the other hand, on the DaVita and provider side of the equation, in particularly now from DaVita, we have a strong geographic foot print, that's point one. Point two we have strong clinical outcomes that save the payers a lot of money, especially in terms of hospitalizations. Point three; we have stronger relationships with physicians and patients. Point four; our competitors share the unfortunate reality of loosing money in nearly nine out of 10 patients. And point five; we have restored our internal capability to its historical levels. When you put all these facts together it would simply be irresponsible for anyone to project with confidence exactly how the next year or two will shake out. It appears there are going to be some long and intense negotiations and market skirmishes during that period of time, and we are geared up to fight for reasonable rates, reasonable both in absolute terms and relative to our competition. I'll now turn it over to Jim.
Jim Hilger: Thanks Kent. I'll address a few questions about our quarter results. First, regarding the major drivers in the quarter. QI results were primarily driven by several major factors. The first is treatment growth; second, a decline in dialysis revenue per treatment. The primary drivers of which were lower private insurance reimbursement and lower utilization of physician prescribed pharmaceuticals. Third, patient care cost per treatment declined when normalized for the $6.8 million of one time insurance settlements in Q3. This cost decline is due to a decrease in utilization of physician prescribed pharmaceuticals. And fourth, an increase in G&A to the seasonality, the timing of consulting and other purchase services, and for the ramp up for the launch of additional village helps special needs plans which will continue in 2008. As in the past G&A will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, but you should expect us to be in the range of 9% to 9.5% of revenue for the year. A few things that you should consider as you look to Q1 2008 operating performance. First, Q1 has 2.2 fewer treatment days than Q4. Second, Q1 will see seasonally higher payroll taxes, which we estimate to be about $1 a treatment. For these reasons, all else been equal to [QOOI] in Q1 could be flat or down relative to Q4. What about cash flow for 2007? Operating cash flow for 2007 was strong at $533 million. Cash flow for Q4 was particularly strong due to the timing of working capital and in particular the collection of accounts receivable. DSO decreased two days, due to strong collections performance in the quarter and two days due to a reclass of our health plan receivables to other receivables on the balance sheet. In addition, you should remember the cash flow will tend to be higher in Q2 and Q4, due to the timing of our semi-annual bond interest payments. What about cash flow for 2008? Our operating cash flow for 2008 is expected to be in the range of $480 million to $530 million. Maintenance CapEx should be in the range of $120 million. I will now turn over the call to Kent for closing remarks before we move to Q&A. 
Kent Thiry: Separate from the short-term intensity around private rates, it is useful just to reflect for a moment on the fact that we still have a strong market position, strong recurring demand and absolutely no clinical ambiguity about who needs dialysis and who doesn't. Operator can we please go ahead and turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Gary Lieberman.
Gary Lieberman - Stanford Group: Thanks, good afternoon. Just sort of maybe you could elaborate a little bit on some of your comments, I guess to start specifically with what you might have meant by the underperformance by yourself and the team in the quarter?
Kent Thiry: With respect to some contracts that we were working on and negotiating for some of the analytical work, some of the contractual specific work and some of the negotiating was just not done up to our historical levels, and as a result some of the outcomes were different in a bad direction than they should have been. And there's just no other way to put it than that.
Gary Lieberman - Stanford Group: Okay. And in last quarter you actually gave some really good detail in terms of -- in one market where you saw some pressure, was that similar to this quarter, was it one market or was it more widespread in terms of the pricing pressure that you saw?
Kent Thiry: Yeah, if you look at the four month period late in '07 there was just a bit of a perfect storm and no one market explained any massive chunk. But we lost a dispute and a contract in one case, we had a dispute abruptly start -- then another, then we concluded some contracts, and in some of those we have some the performance problems that I just referred to a moment ago. So it was not explained in any dominant way by any one market. It was more a sort of a perfect storm combining the types of examples that we provided at the capital markets and a question with those examples rippled through and affected the full fourth quarter in a way that they hadn't in the third quarter.
Gary Lieberman - Stanford Group: And then I guess just sort of, one more follow-up, just in terms of the guidance of (inaudible) you're going to be at the low end of the EBIT range which you get, which is consistent with last quarter, does that take into account a continuation of the storm or the perfect storm or does that incorporate an improvement in the performance, and in negotiating and some of the other factors that impacted you?
Kent Thiry: Gary let me take a stab at it then you come back at me if I don't answer sufficiently. We do feel we have restored our operating performance with respect to all the facets around this issue, what it was historically. So, there shouldn't be any more of that. Second, a number of those things that happened, that were negative, either because of market forces or because of R&D performance are done now. And they are in the run rate. And so, in that sense they are behind us. We have got more battles ahead and we would be nave to predict exactly how they are going come out, but we think we have got a very reasonable chance of winning a whole bunch of them. So, I don't know if I am getting to the core or not. Do you want to come at me again?
Gary Lieberman - Stanford Group: I mean, just another way, are you more optimistic as you look out to '08 than on the commercial pricing front than perhaps you have been in the past, let's say two quarters?
Kent Thiry: Well I think all I can say is we have incorporated a very somber, intense chunk of analysis into our guidance for '08 and our comments on '09. And so, that's probably the best sort of net answer to the question. I certainly believe we are not going to replicate the performance of the last four months of the year from an operating point of view. But it's just so difficult to predict how negotiations are going to go, because there is this other side and there is what competitors do. So, I think I can't go further than just sort of pointing to the guidance unless you can maybe sit in the queue for a bit and come back and take another swipe at another question.
Gary Lieberman - Stanford Group: Okay. Maybe I'll do that thanks a lot.
Kent Thiry: All right thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Thanks, hi, good afternoon. Couple of things just with regard to revenue per treatment and this is the second consecutive quarter in which it was down sequentially. So just to take another stab at what Gary was asking, and just want to get your view on revenue per treatment over the next several quarters. Do you expect it to stabilize around this level or do you think it continues to drift down?
Kent Thiry: Well, our answer was in the context in the year, not the first quarter, like Jim already commented on some of the dynamics that happen in the first quarter.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Sure.
Kent Thiry: There is still downward pressure on commercial rates. And so, if we lose in a bunch of the battles then our revenue per treatment will go down, if we win in a bunch of them, it will go up. And so, I think the word stability is not one that we can talk about, although of course the net effects could be one that looks stable on the surface, so there's a lot going on here over the next year too, and there's upside and there's downside. So did that help?
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Little bit. LeAnne do you want to say something?
LeAnn Zumwalt: Yeah, I was just going to refresh the memory on Q3, remember that was mostly the AFP change for the epogen and epogen utilization. So, Q3 decline was really more driven by pharma than it was payer negotiation.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. So on the pharma piece maybe just refresh us you (inaudible) hemoglobin percentage, but what's your view on epogen utilization, having an impact over the next several quarters and next year just as it relates to the impact on revenue per treatment? Just so we can understand where you are and your view on that as a factor over price?
Kent Thiry:   Yeah. Predicting EPO utilization right now is just difficult, because the EMP regulation clearly affected a bunch of physicians prescribing in the way that I outlined. And so, one of the factors that creates some of uncertainty around our revenue per treatment comments, is EPO and exactly what's going to be used and what's not. Now a whole lot of those changes in utilization have virtually no impact on economics, because of course [we don't need to] buy the drug and most of our patients have Medicare and there is a very tiny margin there. But in context of the question about revenue per treatment EPO uncertainty is one of the things contributing to the revenue per treatment uncertainty.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. And if I could just switch gears here to the balance sheet and just some commentary around capital deployment, I know you said Rich was on the call, hi, Rich. In your prior tenure you did a great job restructuring the balance sheet and I am just wondering if you can give us any feedback on how you feel about the balance sheet now and what you do differently? I think there is a view that you may be holding too much cash and you could be buying back some stock given more leverages so would love to just get your thoughts?
Rich Whitney: Sure. I think, since 2000 and continuing until today the company has been very consistent on its views as related to capital structure management, I think that the actions, and follow the words, alter that period and our view on it is that this is a business that can support a reasonable amount of financial leverage. And it is a business that should have some financial leverage in order to improve the returns to shareholders. So, that hasn't changed. We've always characterized the term reasonable leverage as an estimate of 3 to 3.5 times debt to EBITDA. And we've also always said, as you would expect, that this is really a long term target, that therefore there'd be periods of time when we'd be in that range, periods of time when we'd might be below that range, periods of time when we'd be above that range. And again if you go back and look at the history, that's been actually pretty accurate. As we sit here right now, if you look at our leverage ratio on net basis, debt minus cash, we're right around 3 times, so we're not really outside of that so called sweet spot. And I have been part of our conversations on the topic here, but from my perspective given the state of the financing markets, it's probably not a bad idea to hang on to that cash rather to have them paying down debt. I think that if we thought we could re-borrow the money readily on the same terms, we probably would have just paid down debt during this period so that's my perspective.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Very helpful. Thanks a lot.
Rich Whitney: Youre welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Bonello.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Capital Markets: Hey. Good afternoon you guys. Hi, Rich. Couple of things, can you remind us again or just say again, because I didn't hear it why G&A went up $14 million sequentially and to 10% of revenue?
Rich Whitney: G&A went up for a number of reasons. One is seasonality. The second is the ramp up of our special needs plans for village health. And the third is the timing of consulting in other purchase services.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. Kent, when you think about G&A going forward, I mean it seems like back when you did the Gambro acquisition there was immediate step up in G&A and one of the exciting opportunities was that that could probably come back down, as you integrated that. But instead it's essentially all eaten up by this R&D or whatever. Should we permanently think of G&A as having to be above 9% of revenue, is that kind of where you have to operate as a company?
Kent Thiry: I wouldn't concede that point. And it remains true that we have, on a apples-to-apples basis brought down G&A as a percent of revenue, a fair amount since the deal. And it's partially offset by the change in stock option accounting, I think that's something like 0.6%. And then as you pointed out some of the G&A, some of the new R&D and strategic initiatives. But I would guess, that over the next couple of years some of those initiatives are either going to start growing their top line, in a way that brings down that ratio or we're going to conclude that they are not working and therefore will scale down the expense. And so one way or another I think there'll be some pickup, some leverage, in this part of the cost structure. But not in '08 or 09 and of course if we come up with some other R&D experiment idea that could change what I just said. But we've put some pretty significant stakes in the ground and within the next two three years we will have a pretty good idea if they are going to add materially to shareholder value or not.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. And so, just to make sure I understood the answer, in '08 or '09 still above that 9% probably?
Kent Thiry: Right for '08 we said 9% to 9.5% and for '09 I wouldn't see any reason to suggest it being any lower right now as we sit here today.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. And then just revisiting the cash question, that Rich your comments about cash versus paying down debt, they make a hack of a lot of sense, but with almost $0.5 billion of cash on your books and your stock down $13 since October, is there a point at which share repurchase becomes attractive?
Rich Whitney: Bill, we always said about the business and other thing that has changed is that over an extended period of time it's likely that the business is going to generate more cash than we can invest in attractive growth opportunities, primarily acquisitions in de novos, but also some of the strategic initiatives that Kent mentioned. And therefore if you put on a multi year add it is always reasonable to think that we might buy back some stock, particularly given what we say about [thanking] the business should have a reasonable amount of leverage on it. So, to take it further and kind of ask us to speculate on when the stock prices, undervalued or overvalued, I think would -- this is not something that we would be comfortable doing. And we would probably get it wrong.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. Just to follow-up and then I promise I'll hop back in the queue, but I mean it's a massive amount of cash, and you don't need that much cash, I presume, for working capital. And so, the alternative than is that you're keeping things available strategically, it doesn't seem like within the dialysis world you could put anywhere near that kind of money to work. So, should we be at least contemplating a relatively large spend on something outside of dialysis?
Jim Hilger: I think that's highly unlikely in the near term, Bill. The fact is however, there could be some things that come available within the dialysis space that could eat up a bunch of that cash. And in addition if you are willing to go outside of '08 and we did by a the [Home IV] company this past year and we're intensely learning, and listening, and observing, and hoping that we conclude that that's a place where you would like to deploy some capital, since that's still a pretty fragmented market in some respects. That's the matter of factor that effects our planning for '09 and 2010. So I think (inaudible) was a little more dismissive of the capital that might be productively deployed in the dialysis space, particularly during a time of fear and uncertainty. And then separate from that we hope, we conclude that this new segment is worth putting some growth capital into.
Bill Bonello - Wachovia Capital Markets: Thank you, Kent. That's actually very helpful.
Rich Whitney: It's a risk of being redundant, just to make sure we communicate this clearly, given the state of debt market, our debt the last time I checked was trading at like, 94. So, if we were instead of holding this cash right now pay down the debt, as it stands right now, it'd be much more expensive to re-borrow it.
Jim Hilger:  Yeah, no questions on that front.
Kent Thiry: Thanks Bill.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andreas Dirnagl.
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities Inc: Good evening guys, to keep connecting some of the dots, that I think Bill was trying to connect there, Kent to take your commentary, can it a be a little more blunt, what you said was there are some dialysis assets that may become available? Is it a safe assumption to say that given the FTC problems you had last time around? It's unlikely that you're going to make a domestic dialysis acquisition of the size that would eat up a significant portion of your cash?
Kent Thiry: No that's not safe to say, that we have the ability to buy a significant number of additional dialysis centers in America, without any significant antitrust issues.
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities Inc: And the question then becomes, are those available in a group? Or is that going to be a one off transaction that you would complete over a year or two?
Kent Thiry: Both, is the short answer. There are a number of, as we call them MDOs Medium Dialysis Organizations. So those are pretty sizable chunks. And then there are host of the independents and the irony is, if in fact the entire community starts to experience significantly more intense rate pressure, the percentage of those independents and medium sized organizations that are interested in selling, will go up. So, to get back to your original question, it is not a good assumption, right now, to say that we could not deploy a significant amount of that cash to buy domestic dialysis businesses. Now, on the FTC front you recognized it's not a precise science, but we have certainly done our share of the work on it, and in lots of parts of the country we have very substantial latitude. 
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities Inc: Okay. And then may be just two other quick questions. Talking about EPO utilization, in the past quarters you discussed it as being down in the 3% to 5% range. And specifically in the third quarter you said it was clearly a little bit more towards the 5% range in terms of the declining EPO utilization. Are we still within that range, even in the fourth quarter, with the additional decline? Or are we seeing greater declines in that sort of 5%, significantly greater decline?
Kent Thiry: Yeah. Just to recap the history for people who are newer to this aspect of our situation, what we said about a year ago, almost exactly a year ago, was 2% to 5% reduction in EPO was our guesstimate, as to what would happen with all the trauma and publicity and all of the rest. And then in the fall, we said that we are at that 5% number, so nine months later we are right about where we had put the upper end of our guesstimate. And we said we could no longer predict, what would happen next, because we didn't have any idea what the EMP policy would do and how physicians decision making would be effected by that, and whether or not it there would be any spillover from the controversy in oncology and all the rest of the stuff going on. So, at Capital Markets and in the fall, we just said we are at the 5%, thats consistent with what we said. And now for the next nine to 12 months all bets are off. Since, then there have been additional declines in EPO use, but it'd be inappropriate to put a number on it, because it's only been a couple of months. And it just could be too misleading in either direction.
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities Inc: Okay. Was there any sort of, and I know you don't like the word, but stability or even upward trajectory, once we went half the actual new label? Either November timeframe and you were half way through the first quarter of '08.
Kent Thiry: Yeah. I don't know what the answer is to that specific question. And I am looking at LeAnne, she does not either. So maybe follow-up with us on that, all right? But I don't think you can be able to (inaudible) even if given the precise numerical answer to your question about post label, I don't know whether that's going to help, trying to guess what's going to happen in the next six months.
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities Inc: No, I am not looking, trying to guess for the next six months I am just trying to figure out what it did in the last quarter. And that leads me through my last question, which is you kind of identified the pieces of the negative drivers to average revenue per treatment, as being sort of contract changes, as well as this EPO utilization. And I am trying to figure that if you could give a little bit more color just in terms of was it one more than the other, were they relatively equally weighted in terms of their impact?
Kent Thiry: That was definitely in the private rate side by a very significant margin versus EPO.
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities Inc: And that probably leads to the comments that you made, both at our conferences, as well as today in terms of that's not something necessarily that you would expect or watch to extrapolate going forward. That is, using that there was a certain aspect of that that was your own fault for lack of a netter churn.
Kent Thiry: Correct. But I have to add on to that, we are not going to repeat some of the mistakes we made in our four month period, of a couple of different flavors, that cost you and our other share holders bunch of money. That is not going to happen, we've fixed that stuff. Having said that we got some very intense negotiations coming up and a wide range of outcomes from positive to negative. And even assuming our historical level of performance in the payer contracting area, it would just be dumb of us, to say that we couldn't more precisely predict what the outcome will be. So, am I being clear on that, Andreas?
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities Inc: Absolutely. And then final question you made an interesting comment, which is that you talked about the fact that we're just beginning to start discussions about potential inclusion of some dialysis issues in, what I would identify as the physician fixed bill. I think its interesting if you would probably took a poll of investors on this call most of them would probably tell you that they've heard or consider it to be dead issues. And I was wondering do you think that's correct? Or do you think that there is a chance that you can still get some legislation passed this year?
Kent Thiry: Meaning that physician fixed in dead or dialysis.
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities Inc: The dialysis specifically MSP extension and Medicare composite rate increase.
Kent Thiry: Yeah. On MSP right now there is a lot of opposition, there was in fact a small amount of very intense opposition to MSP in the in fall. And that kilted it, as you know. And so, right now it would be, anybody who tells you that they are optimistic about MSP being resurrected in the next few months, you should loose all faith in their judgment. Having said that, it's good healthcare policy, you have to pay for it, and those ideas are never dead. But right now nobody has run around promoting it. But there is a broad base of by bipartisan support for it, it is a matter of policy that just happens to not really matter right now. On an update anybody who tells you that thats dead for being a part of the physician fix, I would say is, being pretty much sure.
Andreas Dirnagl - JPMorgan Securities Inc: Okay. Great, thank you.
Kent Thiry: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake.
Justin Lake - UBS Securities: Thanks, couple of questions here, you mentioned the very intense negotiations coming up. I'd be curious just to hear your thought process on just comparing maybe the, how the negotiations slate looks for 2008 versus 2007. Do you have more bigger contracts, you going to be renegotiating here or do think it's kind of in line without 2007's?
Kent Thiry: Yeah, right now and of course all that stuff can change, right now, the bulk of business that's on the table or in play is comparable. The level of resources and proficiency and competence and attention we're bringing to it is better more like what we did in '06, '05, '04, '03, '02, '01.
Kent Thiry: It doesn't guarantee us any thing, but it's better than nothing.
Justin Lake - UBS Securities: Absolutely. And then just as you think about the, you mentioned the third quarter most of the decline was from a utilization stand point on the pharma side, the fourth quarter you said it was mostly commercial. And you brought a couple of pieces there. I am just curious, you said one was a difficult competitor, one was under performance and the other was just kind of the normal win some, loose some. Given the fact that we would like to think your colors are not going do anything dumb, going forward. And you under performance issues are cleaned up. I am just curious if you can break that down for us, as far as, how much of the fourth quarter decline was the function of just the normal win some, loose some versus those other two performance, which hopefully won't will reoccur?
Kent Thiry: Yeah. It's a very reasonable question, kind of one, subjective and arbitrary to try to allocate, since all those things tend to sort of overlap. Let me take one stab at it and see if this is helpful. I am going to say something which is true, but I worry you are going draw an inappropriate conclusion from it. A very substantial chunk of what happened to us in Q4 at the end of '07 should not have happened, we underperformed. That explains the substantial part. So that part is not 10% of what happened or 18%.  So, that's embarrassing. And on one hand, one might say will that bodes very well, if they are being realistic in saying that they have restored their historical level of confidence. That's where I would say just be careful because there's a real formidable side of football team on the other side of the ball, and even if we played better than we have in the past we're not cocky about how this stuff plays out. So, that's more data and that goes a pretty long way to addressing your question about the fourth quarter, but I worry if you infer too much on that and extrapolate forward.
Justin Lake - UBS Securities: No, I think, that was very helpful and I will try to not to extrapolate too much. Just last question on the fourth quarter compression on the payer side, should we expect, given that these renegotiations always take place at different times in the quarter, can you tell us, if most of the private rate compression that you saw is run rated in that number that you reported here? Or could some of it have happened in December and we should see some it weak out in to the first quarter?
Kent Thiry: Okay. What I am going to do is put you on mute for 30 seconds and see if there's a way we can add value and give an answer that makes sense, okay? So bear with me rather than have me just sort of say I can't answer the question and just give it a try okay.
Justin Lake - UBS Securities: I am going to wait.
Kent Thiry: Okay. Thanks for everybody's patience, I think you'd be happy we did -- right now everything bad that has happened, if we just put that title on it, is in the run rate that you're seeing. So, there's nothing that happened on December 15th, which is not fully reflected therefore in the quarterly run rate number. And of course no statements are 100% true, but the statement I just made is or we just made is certainly 90% or more true that all the serious incremental things that happened are reflected in the run rate you saw. And going forward it will either go up or down or stay the same, based on new big outcomes, not the rolling forward of old ones.
Justin Lake - UBS Securities: And the last question, just on CMS, I've heard that there potentially could be a bundling proposal eminent. Is there anything you might be able to share with us on that?
Kent Thiry: Yeah. The rumors are that, perhaps as early as tomorrow, CMS will come out with the bundling report that was commissioned a long time ago. And on which they did a lot of work. And it got held up for various [sundry] reasons. So, therefore the rumors are of reasonable quality, as rumors go, and therefore there is that significant probability that it will come out soon. And if you would ask us to guess what it will say, we would guess that it will say something like bundling is a good idea, we think bundling is doable, but be careful, because if you do it wrong it could really blow up in your face.
Justin Lake - UBS Securities: That's great. I am all done, thank you.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Thanks, Justin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chuck Ross.
Chuck Ross: Good afternoon. I may have missed it, when you gave maintenance CapEx for this year, did you also give what you expect to spend in growth CapEx, as you've done on the past through de novo or small acquisitions. If not can you give that please?
Jim Hilger: Maintenance CapEx for 2008 is expected to be 
Chuck Ross: Yeah, you gave that, what I missed was you normally give growth CapEx. We don't de novo's etcetera.
Jim Hilger: We project growth CapEx for 2008 to be in a range of $150 million to $200 million.
Chuck Ross: Okay. And in this past year you spent about $400 million on CapEx, acquisitions, your also going to spend $270 million to $320 million in total CapEx this year. I am trying to understand when you talk about flattish operating profit this year, maybe flat to even down a little bit next year, and all the uncertainty, yet you actually continue to spend at a very healthy rate for growth, so I'm trying to understand kind of how those tow things go together?
Kent Thiry: Yeah, it's a very legitimate question and fortunately there is a very straightforward answer, that if you have a very attractive return on equity, on a risk adjusted basis, and then some bad things happen and it goes down a little bit, but it is still an attractive return on equity, risk adjusted. You keep on investing capital, because its way better than the alternative things to do with it, so that's why.
LeAnne Zumwalt: And Chuck, remember this past year we brought the infusion business which was $85 billion of that, so that was slightly different than what we would historically just spend on dialysis.
Chuck Ross: Okay thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Ransom.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Good afternoon, I apologize I'm joining the call a little late from the airport, but did you quantify those fourth quarter and 2007 total investments in both the DeVita Village as well as the dilution from the home infusion deal?
Kent Thiry: The home infusion deal is just not material, because it's so small. I don't even know the mathematical answer off hand, but it's very tiny. And then on Village health, what we disclosed in Capital Markets is that if you look at '07 and you look at '08 the operating income deficit in each of those years would be some where between $12 million and $20 million.
John Ransom - Raymond James: And is there any thing else you are doing from an R&D stand point that could be characterized as discretionary?
Kent Thiry: The short answer is yes. And the largest item in that category outside a Village Health is our specialty pharmacy. And in the Capital Markets Day we talked about that in '07 and '08, having losses in the same range as Village Health. And in fact what was happening is one was going from kind of 12 in '07 to 20 in '08. The other was going from 20 in '07 to 12 in '08. So, the aggregate is basically identical year-over-year for the two as a group.
John Ransom - Raymond James: All right. I mean outside looking in and recognizing there are lot of things we don't know outside looking in, between the negative [arc] you have on your cash and the (inaudible) that you are making here. I mean one, yes, one could easily conclude, I mean there is $0.30 of earnings right there, thats not being shown by the way you are choosing to run the business not right or wrong, not that there is anything right or wrong about that but just the earnings power of the company has been masked a little bit by some discretionary decisions you guys are making.
Kent Thiry: Very fair point but we just might want to change the verbs a little bit, I mean it's not been masked, because we disclosed it, in order that everybody could evaluate the longer term upside versus the short term trade off, which you've accurately characterized.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Okay.
Kent Thiry: So, we didn't mask, quite the opposite, but everything else you said is very true and our Board is very intense about continuing to push on that all these investments make pragmatic sense.
John Ransom - Raymond James: And here's the stupid question of the call and I've never asked the company -- if your debts are trading at 94, company's tender for bonds all the time at various prices, what's that to keep you from going to a hedge fund or some holder of your debt and offering and making an offer that is less than par, as a more accretive way to get average. [I guess if the cash holders] the one thing I really don't understand the deliberate negative arbitraged cash versus debt, thats what you're choosing to do. And is there a way to circumvent the par versus the 94, math that we talked about?
Jim Hilger: I think the answer to your question of what keeps it from doing that, let me answer that, that is nothing, so that is a possibility, the issue however is that once we do that our ability to re-borrow on similar terms is quite limited, so that would be the trade off.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Right.
Jim Hilger: Not materially, but certainly your point is, it is something that can be considered.
John Ransom - Raymond James: Okay. I mean if you could go and then have $800 million plus of cash (inaudible) the same shares outstanding and that's going to be just part of your [transaction] anyway that seems like in an abundance of conservatism so I will leave at that. Thank you.
Kent Thiry: Yeah. The interesting thing is that had we just pay down debt we're sitting here at three times gross leverage instead of three times net leverage, maybe it would be a different conversations. So, really if you come back to this issue of there is some short-term uncertainty in financial markets and therefore we need to be careful about having enough financial flexibility to meet the business needs. Am by saying business needs I mean stability and investing growth opportunities etcetera.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Lee.
Paul Lee: Yes, sorry my phone line was muted. I notice that you have closed 20 centers, which you provide administrative services. Can you discuss what's the thinking behind that decision?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes. Actually it's not that we closed them, we have been providing administrative services over a long period of time to a group in building their management capabilities and they have taken on the administrative deals related to those centers themselves. So they are building and have built their capabilities.
Paul Lee: Okay. If my counting is right you still have 13 centers you provide the administrative services for, right?
LeAnne Zumwalt: I think the number is slightly higher than that but let me -- I'll look at here for a second.
Jim Hilger: Its approximately 1% of the -- but I don't know the exact number is, it's only about 1% of the installed base. The exact number is
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yeah, 13 where we provide administrative services in the there are about 10 additional ones where we have a minority stake.
Paul Lee: We should expect slowly you're going to terminate those service contracts or your customers once they develop their own capabilities they are going to terminate the contract. Is that a reasonable assumption?
LeAnne Zumwalt: I don't think so, no.
Paul Lee: Okay. That's all the question I have.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Arnold
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray: Good afternoon I just had one follow-up question; you mentioned the home infusion business. Are you guys at a point where you could al least give an update now that you've had that business for a full quarter, its kind of how it's progressing in terms of your evaluation of that space? I know there was a acquisition just last week, a pretty good sized one in that space here and I'm just curious how you guys are evolving in terms of how your looking at the home infusion opportunity.
Kent Thiry: Sure, we are very pleased that the team appears to be as good as we hope they were. And as to any more striking conclusions about the business, we really have nothing to add, we felt good about it of course, which is why we entered this space, but haven't made any serious dramatic incremental conclusions beyond that where we're probably going to take a nice measured approach towards learning it before we do anything more dramatic.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then just one other question, I'm thinking back to your Analyst Day, have you guys given, you've given a guidance for CapEx spending and growth CapEx, but have you given an acquisition, number of acquired patients target like you have in the past for 2008?
LeAnne Zumwalt: Actually we didn't set a number historically, we have been in the range of targeting centers with about a 1,000 to 2,000 patients.
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Operator do you have some one else?
Operator: (Operators instruction) We do have a follow up question from the line of Darren Lehrich 
Darren Lehrich -Deutsche Bank Securities: Thanks for taking the question. There has been quite a bit of activity on the network benefits issue, and I am sure you saw New York AG get involved, I guess just a couple of questions: do you see pressure related to how payer apply, reasonable and customary rates that differ from your own? And do you think that the AGs case could be beneficial to the industry?
Kent Thiry: Okay. Let me take a stab, before I do it let me just clarify a couple of points that have been raised in the previous questions. We did close one or two centers in most recent quarter and that was for the classic reason, where we didnt have enough private patients or the private rates were significantly higher than Medicare, werent high enough to offset the losses on the 90% of the patient who are Medicare and Medicaid and after that happens for a while we have to close some of those. And so, separate from the terminations of the administrative services agreement, I do want people to know that we did close one or two and we are not trying mask that. Second on the acquisition front, our guidance for '07 was we thought we end up purchasing centers with an average centers for about a 1,000 patients and that's probably the right number to think about for '08. And then third on your question, Darren, we don't know enough about that New York case. What we've been told is that the Attorney General is concerned about insurance companies doing things with respect to out of network benefits that are not appropriate. And if that's what's it about then that is probably good for all providers because it is bad for us when our patients don't get the out of network rights that they bargained for when they bought the policy. But that's a really superficial response to your question because we don't know much about that that action at all.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: That's fair. And then just last thing and it's for LeAnne. Do you have any enrollment information to share with us on Village Health, the new product? I think the CMS data came out but it does lag the February data lag, so I was just wondering if you have any thing there.
LeAnn Zumwalt: No. Nothing to contribute now.
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff More.
Jeff More: Good afternoon, everyone. Kent, just a couple of loose end kind of questions; most of them have been answered. You guys spent, it looks like, about $70 million in the fourth quarter relative to assets that are unconsolidated, is that consistent with what you have in your opening remarks there in the press release, the 50% non-controlling ownership interest in six centers? And if it is give us a perspective on the degree to which you might anticipate more of that kind of activity going forward? That would be question one.
LeAnn Zumwalt: Yes. That is a correct correlation and no specific comments now about future transactions we might undertake.
Jeff More: Okay. Fair enough. And then, owing to your conservatives and I am assuming the answer to this is none, but its fair to assume that within a context of your cash balances that there is nothing in the way of esoteric securities?
Kent Thiry: No. We have looked at the quality of these securities that we've placed our cash and cash equipments. And then we are very comfortable that they are either U.S. Securities or AAA rated securities.
Jeff More: Fair enough. And then last but not least just as a point of clarification. I think I understand you guys have articulated well the reasoning's behind keeping the cash on hand for what its worth. I think the debt is actually more like $0.90 or $0.91 today, Rich.
Rich Whitney: Great. Thanks.
Jeff More: All right, guys, thanks very much.
Kent Thiry: Thanks Jeff.
Jeff More: I appreciate it, Kent.
Operator: We do have a follow-up question from the line of Andreas Dirnagl
Andreas Dirnagl - JP Morgan: Yeah. Just a couple of quick sort of housekeeping things. Can anyone there maybe provide a little bit of comment just what's going on, on the non-treatment revenue line? We saw a pretty significant jump this quarter and I don't think it can be explained away by infusion business because the jump I think was probably half of what they generated last year in revenue alone.
Rich Whitney: The growth in non-dialysis revenue was principally the full effect of the Home Infusion business as well as some small growth in our Pharmacy and Village Health operations.
Andreas Dirnagl - JP Morgan: Okay. And I know you guys only provide operating income guidance but can you maybe just provide some commentary on sort of the composition of your interest rate structure at the moment and to the extent that you would benefit from the significant decrease in rates that we've seen over the past couple of weeks?
LeAnn Zumwalt: Can you repeat the question?
Andreas Dirnagl - JP Morgan: Sure. Basically, I'm trying to get an idea of what your fixed floating percentages are and how much you think you're going to benefit from the decrease in rates that we've seen?
LeAnn Zumwalt: We're going to have to come back to you. I don't have that in front of me right at this moment, but we'll answer in a second.
Andreas Dirnagl - JP Morgan: Okay. And while you're doing that maybe Rich, one or two sort of questions or comments, one, first of all, personally just glad to see you back, but I noticed that it's specifically said in the press release today that you're only going to be doing this part time, is there not enough to keep you busy there a full time or it just that you're going to be working on a specific project?
Rich Whitney: There's plenty to keep me busy. The reason is I'm just not available right now to offer more than that amount of my time.
Andreas Dirnagl - JP Morgan: And is that sort of short-term? Would you expect over the next one or two years that probably by the end of this you'll be doing it more fulltime or is that going to be part-time for the entire time?
Rich Whitney: I would expect it to be part-time for the entire time.
Andreas Dirnagl - JP Morgan: Great. And then maybe just one more sort of question/comment, Rich, when you got in this pressure of this pushback in terms of what you're going to do with your cash and all the different options that you had, I mean you keep pointing to the fact that, yes, you could repay debt at or re-buy your debt at somewhat of a discount but that it would cost you more than if you needed to re-borrow that. The kind of the only way that that argument is really valid is if you expect a need to re-borrow it within a reasonably short timeframe. So is that one way of potentially signaling that to the extent that you do, do something on the acquisition or the share repurchase side, that it's going to have to be sort of in a relatively, sort of, six months short-term? Because then otherwise that argument I don't think makes sense because of the carrying cost of the cash.
Rich Whitney: Yeah. I wouldn't directly imply that from our statements, but we're trying to keep from getting into a situation where if, in fact, we do have an opportunity that requires some cash that we wouldn't be in a situation for taking advantage of that as we have re-file all of our debt at much, much higher rates. So that's the reason why.
Andreas Dirnagl - JP Morgan: Okay. Just to be clear, the idea of keeping cash on the balance sheet in these uncertain times, which is what you've said, really has more to do with taking advantage of potential opportunities not because you think you need more cash.
Rich Whitney: Again, this is my perspective because this is literally my first day. So from my perspective, it is prudent at the moment to hang on some cash rather than to pay down debt for the reason that I have mentioned.
LeAnne Zumwalt: And Andreas, on your question, 80% of the debt is at fixed rate.
Andreas Dirnagl - JP Morgan: It is. Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Rich Whitney: Thanks Andreas.
Operator: You have another follow-up question from the line of Justine Lake.
Justin Lake - UBS: Thanks. Just one quick follow-up. The incremental or the revenue that you mentioned, the $40 million up or $11 million or $12 million up, can you just walk us through, so the home infusion, pharmacy and village help is where it came from, where is the offsetting cost running on the P&L for that?
Rich Whitney: Both in patient care cost and in G&A.
Justin Lake - UBS: Okay. So the patient care cost are actually inflated somewhat because those would be kind of high non-dialysis costs? So they don't run through dialysis revenue or treatment in dialysis, but they do run through a patient care cost.
Rich Whitney: They do run to a patient care costs.
Justin Lake - UBS: And can you give us an idea of the split there?
LeAnne Zumwalt: No.
Justin Lake - UBS: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. Do you have any closing remarks?
Kent Thiry: No, thank you all for your attention and consideration, and we will do our best here between today and the next time we get together on the phone. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's fourth quarter Earnings Call. At this time, you may all disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-04 16:00:00) =====
Executives:  LeAnne Zumwalt - VP, IR Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and CEO Mark G. Harrison - CFO 
Analysts:  Arthur Henderson - Jeffries & Company, Inc. Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank William Bonello - Wachovia Securities Andreas J. Dirnagl - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. Gary Lieberman - Stanford Financial Matthew J. Ripperger - Citigroup Justin Lake - UBS Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns Gary Taylor - Bank of America Justin Boisseau - Gates Capital Management Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray Balaji Gandhi - Oppenheimer Hamlen Thompson - Westfield CapitalManagement Jill Grueninger - Mason Street Advisors Ilan Chaitowitz - Redburn Partners   
Operator:  My name is Darita and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DaVita Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Ms. Zumwalt, you may begin your conference. 
LeAnne Zumwalt - Vice President, Investor Relations:  Thank you Darita and welcome everyone to our third quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I am LeAnne Zumwalt, Vice President of Investor Relations and with me today are Kent Thiry, our Chairman and CEO and Mark Harrison, CFO.  I would like to start with the forward-looking statement disclosure. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements which can be generally identified by the comment... excuse me, content of such statements or the use of forward-looking terminology and includes statements that do not concern historical facts. All such forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings included in the most recent quarterly report and Form 10-Q and annual report on Form 10-K. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us and we undertake no obligation to update these statements, whether as a result of changes in underlying factors, new information, future events or other developments.  Additionally, our press release and related disclosures include certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures should be considered in addition to the results prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered a substitute for GAAP results. Also included in the press release is a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures.  I'll now turn the call over to Kent. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Thank you, LeAnne. Third quarter was strong and I will provide a review of the usual agenda items: Number one, clinical results; number two, government policy; number three, anemia management and number four, not only the '07 forecast, but a few words on our longer term outlook.  Number one, clinical results, which we have always presented first because that is what comes first. We are first and foremost a care giving company serving over 103,000 patients at this time. We are proud to report that our clinical outcomes continue to be among the best in America. I'll reference two of the important outcomes. First, adequacy, which is essentially how well we are doing in removing toxins from our patients' blood. In this quarter, 94% of our patients had a Kt/V greater than 1.2.  Second, in the area of anemia management, 83% of our patients had hematocrits greater than or equal to 33. For both of these clinical measures, our patient outcomes are publicly reported and compared very favorably to national averages. They do apply to patients who have been with us 90 days or more.  Under the second subject, the Washington DC update, as you know, the House Bill is done, it's called CHAMP, and the kidney community has signaled to both the House and the Senate and CMS and anyone else who will listen that we are willing to be a partner in real reform including bundling, but parts of the CHAMP bill would achieve the opposite of what the House of Representatives is actually hoping for. And so we continue to work with the Senate who are working on their version of the bill, and if they end up completely one, they will then negotiate with the House. And in addition, we are trying to make clear to everyone the sense of social responsibility that we do carry and hold including a responsibility that we have lived up to to keep money losing centers open rather than have those patients denied access to care, and we've done that in many cases and continue to do so.  One other thing going on in DC that's gotten quite a bit of press lately, and that's the coordination of benefits provision, MSP, Medicare Secondary Payer as it is sometime referred to. There are a number of large employers and some labor groups that are opposing the extension of the number of months that private pay patients have the right to retain their insurance. I want to be real clear that that's what it's about. It's just that these patients would have the same right that every other chronically ill patient in America has, which is to keep their private insurance if they want to. If they don't want to, if they decide it's not in their best interest, they could drop it and go into the Medicare ESRD program. So it's simply to allow our patients to have the same right as every other private patient in America if that's in their best interest or their families' best interest. So it is a unique... sort of discrimination is the only word for it, and Congress has three other times historically moved to reduce the level of differentiated treatment by moving the number of months from 0 to 12, 12 to 18 and 18 to 30. This is the only place in healthcare where you could pay your premiums for 20 years in a row and then lose your private insurance 2.5 years after you get sick.  It is just an unfortunate fact from a policy point of view, moving away from the whole patient rights issue that, because of the Medicare deficit, virtually all the centers in America can't survive unless they have somewhere in the neighborhood of 5% to 10% of their patients in private insurance, of course depending on the rates. It's just necessary to fill the Medicaid deficit. And so we've got a lot of we, meaning the community, the industry, have a lot of rural and intercity dialysis centers, in particular, that are right on the edge as it is. And therefore, for them in particular, the extension is important separate from the importance that comes from the fact that it's a basic patient right.  Third topic: anemia management. A lot of things that most of you would know, but just important to make clear and provoke any questions that people would like to discuss, the outcome of any proposed FDA labeling change remains uncertain. They are still working it. The scrutiny and debate around what is optimal anemia management will certainly continue into 2008 as some private insurers are starting to review and be active in this area given all the media attention it's received and some of the CMS attention.  I do want to emphasize that when the FDA convened its advisory panel, the positions taken by that panel overwhelmingly validated the perspectives that the consensus kidney care community has been representing for several months. And so many of the very dramatic allegations, acquisitions and criticisms of the previous half of the year were debunked by the advisory panel in votes that were pretty consistently 3:1. This is not to say that there are not unanswered questions in anemia. One of the things that this whole debate has provoked is where there are gaps in having adequate data to be sure of what is the right thing. And so a lot more work is being done and new insights could and probably will emerge which could change physician prescribing patterns in either direction.  Now no other drug in renal care or elsewhere would be getting this much attention except for this one, because it's so important, so valuable and it's expensive. And please remember that most of our affiliated doctors do not follow our guideline, and that makes it doubly difficult to forecasting with respect to anemia management.  Fourth topic: our guidance. And what about 2007? As you saw in our press release, we are narrowing our operating income guidance for the balance of '07 to a range of $800 million to $810 million that should capture a majority of the probabilities. And that includes the $7 million or one-time settlements in Q3. Therefore, that means that Q4 will likely be in the range of $190 million to $200 million, and this drop in Q4 OI versus Q3 OI does reflect the negative impact of some private rate compression.  What about 2008? Our guidance is the same as it was before. In other words, that range is $790 million to $850 million. If we had to predict whether we are more likely to be in the upper end of that range or the lower end, we would predict it's more likely we would be in the lower end of that range. We also want to repeat what we said last quarter, and I think the quarter before, that this guidance range for '08 does not capture as high a percentage of the potential outcomes as our guidance historically has just because there is more uncertainty in more areas. We are just trying to be useful to you by doing the best we can to give a realistic range. But it simply is a period of unusual earnings uncertainty.  As to 2009, just trying to anticipate questions and lay the groundwork for our Capital Markets Day coming up in a couple of weeks in New York, we can't provide any specific guidance. We would, if we could. We just can't. All we can say is that if we don't get a Medicare rate update and there isn't an extension of MSP, then '09 could very well be flat or down relative to '08. In other words, our cost increases and some continued private rate compression could very well offset any rate increases on the private side and the normal contribution from volume growth.  You net it all out, the big fact is that the timing of private rate compression remains difficult to predict. We clearly think it is going to happen still. And a bit ironically, the worst '08 looks, the better '09 would be on a relative basis. Rate swing factors are not only for private rate compression but also ongoing labor pressures, and then, as was already referred to, just the unpredictable fluctuations in pharma utilization and reimbursement. And the guidance does not incorporate any assumed impact from proposed Medicare legislation, and of course things are very active in DC now.  I would like to just to try to proactively address one question that is probably in a bunch of your minds, which is you are clearly taking some hits on the private rate side. What's different? What has changed in the dynamics of payor negotiations?  In here, I would say the following. First, what is happening is what we have predicted would happen that the payor industry consolidated and then it took them a while after making their acquisitions to actually integrate them. They are now using that increased power. In addition, separate from having increased power, they are now more focused than before on trying to move non-contracted higher rate patients into lower rate contracts. And in addition to the facts I've already mentioned, this visibility around the MSP issue has and will continue to lead to more focus as well. And also separate from any prior predictions, the emergence of several private equity funded small chains has in a bunch of the more attractive markets, which is to say those markets with more private patients has led to supply growth that exceeds demand growth. And that's had its normal affect and will continue to.  So, in other words, in response to the question what has changed is that the payors are doing some things differently and with more intensity. We are doing the same things we have always done. They are altering their investment in this area and therefore, the incrementally different result. And it's important to add that the absolute rates that we are agreeing to still offer a reasonable and sustainable return.  I will now turn the call over to Mark, our CFO, and then I'll make a couple of remarks before we move to Q&A. 
Mark G. Harrison - Chief Financial Officer:  Thanks Kent. I'll address a few questions about our quarter results. First, regarding the major drivers in the quarter. Operating income from continuing operations was $206 million for the quarter, which excludes approximately $7 million in favorable one-time items. OI results were primarily driven by treatment growth, a $4 per treatment decline in dialysis revenue. The primary drivers of the decline in revenue were the lower Medicare EPO reimbursement rate, lower private insurance rates and lower pharma utilization. $1.50 per treatment decline in patient care cost also; the drivers of which were higher labor cost offset by lower self insurance expense, lower incentive comp and lower EPO utilization. The $7 million of one-time settlements were included in patient care cost. Excluding these items, patient care cost per treatment was $233.43 or 68% of revenue compared to 67.9% last quarter.  What about cash flow in Q3 and for 2007? DSO increased one day due to a slowdown in collections as we integrate our billing departments. Operating cash flow forecast continues to be $480 million to $530 million in 2007. As we have said before, the billing integration and timing of collections will be a key factor for where cash flow will end up in 2007. In addition, we are still in the process of working through the temporary $40 million increase in accounts receivable from industry wide changes in government forms and documentation requirements that were implemented last quarter. These temporary collection delays are expected to be resolved in the next few quarters.  Our CapEx forecast for 2007 continues to be $110 million to $120 million in maintenance capital and $200 million to $220 million in growth capital for acquisitions in de novos plus the $65 million investment in the HomeChoice infusion business. We now expect stock option exercises to generate approximately $80 million, leaving approximately $160 million to $220 million available for additional growth investment, share repurchase or debt repayment.  What are we planning to do with our cash flow? Our top priority is attractive growth investment followed by share repurchase and debt prepayment. At times, as we have said in the past, we may be holding cash opportunistically for growth.  Finally, as you know, I will be leaving DaVita in approximately one month. It's been great to be a part of this team and I will continue to give DaVita my support.  Thank you, Kent. I will turn it over to you. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Hi, thanks Mark. So it was a strong quarter. Certainly, we think '08 is going to be challenging. We faced some strong revenue headwinds and therefore significant earnings uncertainty for you. Wish we could make that different than it is. The bad news is we are in a rough patch with respect to private rate battles and compression. The good news is equally significant. We think that over the long term, there is a good chance of this will create an even larger competitive advantage for us versus the small private equity chains and other small providers.  We have developed and are still advancing an arsenal of value-added capabilities which will allow us to offer payors a unique ability to improve quality in a demonstrable way and simultaneously to save their money in total kidney care cost, which is what they so intensely want. And we have the market share and geographic presence which will allow us to offer payors those value-added capabilities with a consistency and simplicity across many geographies that only one other player will be able to do.  So given all this, we continue to feel very comfortable with our strong cash flows and attractive long-term return on capital or the prospects for an attractive long-term return on capital.  Can we now open it up for Q&A please, operator?  Question And Answer 
Operator:  [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Art Henderson with Jefferies & Company. 
Arthur Henderson - Jeffries & Company, Inc.:  Hi, good afternoon. Kent, I've noticed in your press release that you talk about discontinuing providing administrative services to a bunch of your locations. Could you kind of explain what's going on there a bit? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Nothing too significant. That gave us a heads up that they might well do this a while ago that we have been working with them for a few years and they have been becoming more and more capable every year. And at some point, it just made more sense for them do it themselves; they could do it cheaper and have more control. They are a good group and they've spent a few years investing. We are happy that we were able to work with them during the time we did. 
Arthur Henderson - Jeffries & Company, Inc.:  Okay. Okay. And then could you remind us again in that you spoke a little bit about the House bill and there were some issues in the House bill that you didn't like. Can you remind us again what those issues were and what you are doing with the Senate right now in your discussions? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes. Number one is the House bill implemented bundling at a 4% reimbursement haircut. That would be a nightmare for a huge percentage of centers in America. Number two, the House bill would not allow ESRD patients to join special needs plans unlike all other chronically ill patients in America or virtually all others, which would be a terrible thing since these special needs plans could be the answer for transforming kidney care in America where these patients would get a lot of wellness and preventative services, saving the system money and them and their families a lot of clinical grief. Number three, the CHAMP bill had a provision whereby FMC and DaVita would get reimbursed less for EPO than anyone else, which is something that's never been done before that we know of in American healthcare, not for large hospitals, not for large payors, not for large nursing homes etcetera, etcetera. And I think I may be missing one other aspect that we didn't like. LeAnne, go ahead. 
LeAnne Zumwalt - Vice President, Investor Relations:  Yes, in the lack of an annul inflation adjustment within the bundle. 
Arthur Henderson - Jeffries & Company, Inc.:  Okay, okay. And the folks that you are sort of talking to on the Senate side, do they seem to be open to working through some of these issues? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, we are having good conversations, and the fact is the House had to do its work quickly, so we are not assuming that they are totally close minded with respect to some of the steps that they put in. They had an awful lot of Medicare issues they were working on. The Senate's had the benefit of another couple of months to think about things and has the benefit of looking at everything the House did. But the answer to your question is we are having good conversations, we the community, that is, with a lot of the folks in the Senate. And so there is a good chance that if they come up with something, it will be something that we will like more and perhaps the House will like more also. 
Arthur Henderson - Jeffries & Company, Inc.:  Okay, great. One last question. I'll jump back in the queue. You made an acquisition of infusion business this quarter. Could you kind of tell us what your strategy is with respect to that business? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Don't have much to say that's going to be too useful yet. Clearly, it's a business we have never been in, although a couple of us executives have been in parts of it before earlier in our careers. It's a large fragmented, decentralized service business. That's what we do. And so we were able to buy a quality company that's very modest in size, learn the business, and if it turns out to have some significant growth opportunities as it's currently configured, or if there is some subsets of it that could grow and emerge as sort of category killers like dialysis where we offer a truly differentiated package for a particular subset of chronically ill patients and do so in a way with unusual public transparency and the use of disciplined and public clinical protocols. If either one of those two things turns out to be true, the general growth continues or there is specific sub segments, then we'll get an incredibly nice return from the capital required to buy a small platform. Now we are not predicting any of that. We just don't know enough yet. But that was the premise for making the investment. 
Arthur Henderson - Jeffries & Company, Inc.:  It seems like demand for ambulatory infusion suites has gone up. Could your dialysis clinics be adapted to that in any way? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  I am allowing us to break one of our rules, which is after too many questions it's -- 
Arthur Henderson - Jeffries & Company, Inc.:  Sorry. Sorry, that's fine. Go ahead. That's fine. Thank you. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Could you come back later? 
Arthur Henderson - Jeffries & Company, Inc.:  Sure, absolutely. Sorry about that. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Darren Lehrich with administrative assistant. 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank:  Darren Lehrich with Deutsche Bank. Thanks and good afternoon. It sounds to me like you are just wanting to revisit this private pay compression, which you've indicated to us you thought was a little bit more deferred in the last quarter. So based on your comments, it sounds like one of the concerns that you are seeing in your business is that of non-contracted out of network business. And I think the last disclosure we had on this, Kent, was in 2006 that was 13% of the revenue according to the K. So I am wondering if you can remind us what non-contracted revenue is as a percentage of the total year-to-date or in the current period and on the subject where you think it might go to next year. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, Darren, we appreciate the question, but we don't think it's in your best interest for us to talk about what the sense of the revenue is non-contracted versus contracted. So we are going to stay away from that. But can I be helpful in answering some other aspect of the question? 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank:  Well, I guess just help me understand if you think between the increasing leverage of payors and them trying to move your business to non-contracted. Which do you think is the more important one for us to think about over the near term? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Well, with respect to the second part of the question, is the fact that payors are bringing more energy, intensity and focus on attacking higher rate, non-contracted business and trying to get it into lower rate contracts, that is a significant deal and that's why we mentioned it. And so we do think our shareholders should be sensitive to that. And what was the other part of that question? 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank:  Well, I will just move on then. I guess I wanted to just understand the insurance settlement that you had, where would we find that on the income statement? What line was that in so we can isolate that please? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  It is in patient care costs. 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank:  Patient care costs, okay. And we didn't see... my last question here... we didn't see any share repurchase. I guess I just want to revisit that topic and understand where you are with regard to that. I think you raised it for the first time in a while last quarter. So your view of that over the next say quarter to two. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, we are just totally open minded on the subject. In general, as earnings become more uncertain, the offensive and defensive value of having more cash goes way up. And so consistent with our sort of heightened level of uncertainty around earnings, not only ours but the rest of the industry for offensive and defensive reasons, we are going to... we have more of a bias to hold on to cash now than we would have a while ago. 
Darren Lehrich - Deutsche Bank:  Okay, look forward to seeing you in a few weeks. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  All right, thanks Darren. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Bill Bonello with Wachovia 
William Bonello - Wachovia Securities:  Just can you explain the insurance gains, what is that? 
Mark G. Harrison - Chief Financial Officer:  Those insurance... they were insurance settlements, and they were associated with Hurricane Katrina and then we had a fire in one of our California facilities. 
William Bonello - Wachovia Securities:  Okay. So they are truly non-recurring? 
Mark G. Harrison - Chief Financial Officer:  Yes. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  We sure hope so. 
William Bonello - Wachovia Securities:  Okay. And then is most of the expected sequential decline in operating income related to the commercial rate contraction? 
Mark G. Harrison - Chief Financial Officer:  I'm sorry, can you repeat your question again? 
William Bonello - Wachovia Securities:  Yes. Is most of the expected sequential decline in operating income related to the commercial rate pressure? 
LeAnne Zumwalt - Vice President, Investor Relations:  Yes, Bill. The sequential decline in operating income is related both to our expectation of private rates as well as increased costs in the fourth quarter which would be normal. 
William Bonello - Wachovia Securities:  Right. Okay, not an unusual increase in costs though. 
LeAnne Zumwalt - Vice President, Investor Relations:  Pardon, say that again? 
William Bonello - Wachovia Securities:  Was not an unusual increase in costs, though, I assume? 
LeAnne Zumwalt - Vice President, Investor Relations:  Correct. 
William Bonello - Wachovia Securities:  Costs go up every quarter, right? 
LeAnne Zumwalt - Vice President, Investor Relations:  Right. Normal cost increases, yes. 
William Bonello - Wachovia Securities:  Okay. And then just sort of to touch on and I will stop at that. But I guess a little bit where Darren went with his question. Last quarter, you did talk about a little bit of deferral in what you expected with the commercial price pressure. And now it looks like it could whack you $6 million to $16 million as soon as the fourth quarter. Did you just... since the conference call, have some big negotiations or something... how did things kind of happen so quickly? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  I would say two things. I don't know that we actually communicated or certainly intended to communicate any difference in higher rate compression last quarter as we did the quarter before. I think if my guess is if you actually reread all the transcripts, you will see that we used virtually the identical language. So I think that's the... there wasn't... sort of the premise of the question might in fact be wrong. But then on top of that, forgetting that, we did actually and are in situations where we are taking some hits that are a little bigger and/or faster than we thought. But again, I think literally, our language was almost word for word the same. 
William Bonello - Wachovia Securities:  Okay. I will check that. I must have heard you incorrectly. Thanks a lot. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Thanks Bill. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Andreas Dirnagl with J.P. Morgan. 
Andreas J. Dirnagl - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.:  Good afternoon guys. Let me start with maybe the easy part. In terms of the revenue per treatment decline in the quarter, I think Mark you highlighted lower EPO, lower private rate and lower pharma. Can you sort of give us an idea as to the importance of those to the impact in the quarter? 
Mark G. Harrison - Chief Financial Officer:  Yes, they were listed in descending order of importance. 
Andreas J. Dirnagl - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.:  Okay. Look, I have to go back, Kent, to something you just said in answer to Bill's question, which is you sort of said that the premise of the question was incorrect. I didn't know whether or not you meant to communicate it last quarter, but I think it's pretty clear if you go back and read the transcript, they were discussions specifically about the fact that there is a one year contracting cycle in this business and that you had not seen a great deal of commercial pricing pressure up until the point of the last quarter conference call. You yourself were talking about having a strong third quarter and we were talking about the fact actually in response to one of my own questions that there was more or less going to be a delay into the second half of 2008 for commercial pricing pressure. So my question again is why did that change so quickly? And quite honestly, I think that's where you are going to get a high level of frustration from investors in terms of saying that the previous quarter and then kind of coming back this quarter after having raised 2008 guidance and saying well now it's going to be at the lower end. What changed so quickly? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Let's try to hit it piece by piece by piece. The '08 guidance is the same, so $790 million to $850 million, although we have now, which is not unnatural to do as the year progresses, try to provide a little bit of followistic [ph] guidance and that followistic guidance is that we are more likely to be at the lower end than the higher end. We did talk about having a strong third quarter and we did have a strong third quarter, so. And we did talk about... we made a special point last time of talking about how enthusiastic we were in coming off the integration in the fact that we are going back on offense a lot more because all of our human resources were freed up from integration activities to where they could be more externally focused again. And we talked about how our suite of value-added services was going to become more and more important in the next two or three years given what's going in the healthcare period. So those are all the things we did. I don't think we said anything about we now think private rate compression is going to be slower than we did three months earlier. So you want to keep going and we don't want to misrepresent anything. 
Andreas J. Dirnagl - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.:  Well, again, I think the biggest issue is if lower private rates did have an impact on the revenue per treatment this quarter, there was definitely an idea that came across on last quarter's conference call that given again the sort of the contracting cycle and the way that you saw the contracting that it was clear that this was not going to change sort of quarter-to-quarter but would be a progression over time. And now you are sort of back I think a little bit more saying that it's going to be little bit more front-end loaded as you yourself just said. It's happening a little quicker than you saw. And I'm trying to figure out sort of again what has changed, because you talk about private payors consolidating and getting larger. The industry has consolidated in terms of your own market share and gotten larger. So it appears to be sort of this lock step movement, and we still are always in a position in which there is a relatively small number of patients that you deal with on an individual contract basis, and it's not really a big area of savings for private payors. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Okay. So restate the... so I hear you and all your sort of description of reality, much of which is accurate and therefore just restate the question please, Andreas. 
Andreas J. Dirnagl - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.:  Well again, I think what I'm trying to figure out is... let me try and put it bluntly in another way. I mean do you think perhaps in retrospect you were too optimistic last quarter in the way that you were presenting the conference call and you wished that you could have dialed it back a little bit in retrospect or are we dealing with something that really has sort of changed here? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  No, I wouldn't say that we would take back any optimism or pessimism from the last call. We read the transcript as we always do before a call, and I think our word choice was consistent and accurate. So as I said to Bill, we have had a couple of incremental things happen in the quarter in the last few months that were worse than what we expected before that are not fundamentally different than anything we have been talking about for a long time or the kind of things that might happen in the future. So there was certainly some incremental change. But I think the biggest fact is we tried to add value by providing '08 guidance earlier in the year because we wanted to make sure that people had the benefit of that. And we gave this $790 million to $850 million range with a lot of discussion of private rate compression. Three months later, we are updating it by saying looks more like the lower end of the range as we get closer to the year. And it is also the case that we have taken a couple incremental hits which will lead the fourth quarter probably to be lower than what we would have thought 4 or 5 months ago. So does that get to it for you? 
Andreas J. Dirnagl - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.:  Yes, a little bit. Let me just maybe throw in two other questions just to sort of move on, one of which is maybe coming at it from a slightly different direction. I mean this is a very sort of understandable, theoretically, industry. There aren't a lot of, as you yourself say it, a single DRG industry, sort of dialysis is dialysis. So I think it's valid to make comparisons between yourselves and your other major competitor. And what I am trying to figure out is is there something structurally different in the fact that Fresenius seems to be very comfortable in saying that private payor compression is as it always has been and it doesn't appear to be sort of accelerating and is not something that they are looking at any differently now than they have over the past couple of years. Is there something just structurally different between yourselves and them that makes you so much more worried about it? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, I think that's a good question to ask because that probably will help shed light on it. I would say that we do have a different perspective that they are more optimistic about their ability to protect current rates given the changes that we just described earlier in the call. They are more optimistic about their ability to do that than we are. And so either they are right and we are wrong or we are both right and they are better than we are or we are both right and our mix of business is a little different on a state-by-step basis with us being bigger in some more intense managed care areas, lower revenue. We could... we'll actually take a look at that before Capital Markets. But I think you are right, there is a difference in our point of view versus theirs, and I can fully appreciate how frustrating that has to be for you. 
Andreas J. Dirnagl - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.:  Okay. Final one before I get back into the queue then. Is the commercial pricing pressure that you are facing something that is across your universe of clinics or is it perhaps more concentrated within, let's say, historic DaVita clinics or historic Gambro clinics? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  To be honest, I don't know the answer. My guess would be it's not different old versus new DaVita. And I am looking around the table; no one knows of any difference. As you know, after the deal, we were able to on average improve Gambro rates significantly. And so it could be that there are still differences and therefore more of the pressures on some old DaVita situations because for so many years we had better rates. So it could be that would be the case. I wouldn't think it would be a powerful part of the answer. 
Andreas J. Dirnagl - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.:  Okay, I will drop back in the queue. Thank you. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  All right. Well feel free to come back. 
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of Gary Lieberman with Stanford Group. 
Gary Lieberman - Stanford Financial:  Thanks. I'll just give you a brief break from some of the pricing questions. Your number of patients grew sequentially at sort of a slower rate than you have for the past number of quarters. But it looks like the number of centers went up at a similar clip. So can you give us a little bit more detail in terms of I guess some of the centers you acquired or opened or smaller in the quarter? Is that a temporary trend or is that something that will persist going forward? 
LeAnne Zumwalt - Vice President, Investor Relations:  In the quarter, we opened 18 de novo units, which was really, from compared to the last two quarters, about double. We did 10 and 11. So that's part of the answer. And in terms of acquisitions, we did 6 units, we acquired 6 units with about 300 patients. 
Gary Lieberman - Stanford Financial:  Okay. But I guess the question is going forward on... if I look back sequentially over the past 8 quarters, you increased the number of total patients by about 2000 sequentially per quarter. Going forward, do you think you are going to resume to that level or are we going to see sort of more of... you are up I guess by about 500 from second quarter? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Perhaps the best way to answer is if you look out at '08, we are thinking our non-acquired growth will be close to 4%. So you could use 3% to 4% as a range, but closer to 4% than 3%. And that would be a product of our same-store growth plus how this year's de novos do plus the number of new de novos we do as we proceed through the year. Does that get to the -- 
Gary Lieberman - Stanford Financial:  A little bit. I guess the other, the one final piece of question is when you look at that at the centers that are available for acquisition or that might be available for acquisition, are they typically smaller now than they had been in the past or is the... is it still a similar sort of pool of what's out there? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  I don't know. It tends to kind of go in streaks. I wouldn't... I don't know the answer if the weighted average size of the existing set of independents out there is different from what it was two years ago, I don't know. That is certainly not a dramatic difference. And so given the relatively small number of acquisitions we made in the last six months, I wouldn't want to look at that and extrapolate any kind of market trend. 
Gary Lieberman - Stanford Financial:  Okay. And then I guess just one follow up to some of the language you used in the guidance where you say that the guidance range for '08 does not capture as high a percentage of the potential outcomes as usual. Can you just give a little bit more detail or granularity in terms of what that means and how we should think about that? And I guess should we think about that in terms of you have a weighted probability for where the operating income will come in or is there a weighted probability for different events that would cause the operating income to come in at different levels? How do you guys sort of go through that process? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, I think it is both. Part of what Andreas's frustration was about is we can't... when we are in a fight with a payor, they are trying to move patients, they are trying to move existing patients, they are trying to redirect new patients. We are in a legal dispute over exactly what rate applies to what patient. So there is a lot of moving parts. And throughout that battling back and forth which can go on for months it's very difficult to predict the outcome, and part of the outcome is literally retroactive because by that point you've got 3 or 4 or 5 months of retroactive dispute over what was the right amount to pay for different patients at different times. And so that creates significantly more uncertainty and there is more going on than before. In addition, we are just in more large negotiations than we have been in other periods. And so if you have something like what happened recently where there are some deals that came in differently than we expected or unfolded differently than we expected and this particular case in a negative direction. But once again, we couldn't have predicted some of that ahead of time. So it fits into both of your categories, and hopefully by giving a couple of examples, that helps make sense of it. 
Gary Lieberman - Stanford Financial:  That does. I guess just one quick follow up to that. If we were to look back... or if you were to look back and tell us the percentage of commercial contracts that you negotiated in the prior 12 months versus the percentage of commercial contracts that you would expect to negotiate in the next 12 months. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Boy, I don't have a good answer. Perhaps bring that up again at Capital Markets, and by that time we'll have a good answer. 
Gary Lieberman - Stanford Financial:  Okay, great. Thanks a lot. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Matt Ripperger. 
Matthew J. Ripperger - Citigroup:  Thanks for all the details, especially about the Washington environment. A couple of questions. First, related to the administrative deals that you are discontinuing, what is the financial impact from that going forward? 
LeAnne Zumwalt - Vice President, Investor Relations:  The revenue is in other income that are management fee revenue and it's really immaterial. 
Matthew J. Ripperger - Citigroup:  And related to that, I understand that the regs might be changing in the State of New York, which would allow for-profits to own and operate centers. Is this in any way related to that? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  No, it is not. We worked long and hard for a few years to bring about that legislative and regulatory change. 
Matthew J. Ripperger - Citigroup:  And in your opinion does that open up a new growth opportunity in New York? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  We hope so. 
Matthew J. Ripperger - Citigroup:  Okay, great. And then second question is if the physician fix is reduced to one year, can you just comment on how that could potentially impact the likelihood of MSP going into place? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  I think they are pretty independent variables. However, there are some people who will say that if the physician fix goes to one year, the reasons for that are going to mean that in general conversations are going poorly enough that it's less likely that other stuff will be included at all. So that is one school of thought. Other people would just say they are just totally independent events. And I think handicapping between those perspectives gets pretty tough. 
Matthew J. Ripperger - Citigroup:  And the CBO has scored MSP to 42 months at roughly $400 million over five years? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  No, they scored 30 to 60 months because it was in the President's bill two years in a row, and that score was a little over $3 billion. 
Matthew J. Ripperger - Citigroup:  Over five years. Okay. And then the last question I had is -- 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Did you hear that that the 10 year score was going to 60 months. 
Matthew J. Ripperger - Citigroup:  Okay. Great, thank you. Last question I had is you mentioned that the PE-owned companies were opening centers at a faster rate than the market growth. Is there any commentary you could provide about which specific region that new capacity is coming on? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  I think not. It's not... there is not a pattern. I am trying to kind of just cycle through where it has happened, and I don't think there is any clear discernible pattern there scouring the country, looking for attractive markets in the same way that FMC and DaVita do. And with a bunch of people with capital doing it, it means more of them are getting built in those markets that have a lot of private patients. 
Matthew J. Ripperger - Citigroup:  Great. Thanks very much. 
LeAnne Zumwalt - Vice President, Investor Relations:  And just to be clear, I think I said the management fee revenue was in other income; it's in other revenue. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Justine Lake with UBS. 
Justin Lake - UBS:  Thanks. I guess I will get back at the commercial payor question instead of parsing the conference call. Maybe we can just talk about the tenor of how these managed care issues are playing out. I mean Kent, I think you gave a couple of good examples of how some of these commercial issues kind of come upon the company. I guess what I would like to hear is just... you talked specifically about large payors coming to the table and trying to get in network versus out of network. Is that what's going on here or is it payors trying to do this outside of negotiating with you, like you said, actually steering patients away from DaVita centers rather than sit down at the table and try to hatch out a contract? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, I think it's all the above and of course not just with DaVita but all providers who have rates that are higher than other providers. So it's try to move existing patients, it's redirect new patients, it's try to get rates down on existing patients, it's the normal fall payor contracting menu of techniques. And we have a normal menu of provider responses, the same ones we have been using for years and discussing with you. The difference is now that payors are paying a lot more attention and they are a lot bigger and they are in particular a lot more focused on non-contracted situations. 
Justin Lake - UBS:  Sure. And the payors that are normally out of network, I guess you would think historically have been... will be smaller, but I guess you are saying with all the consolidation going on, those payors that didn't have scale or members of leverage do now. Are there plans out, or I should say are there providers out there who are more willing to take a contracted patient now is there something going on from a provider standpoint that's changing the pricing dynamics or the contracting dynamics out there? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  I don't think so. We haven't seen any of that. 
Justin Lake - UBS:  Okay. So there are just... they are able to find been... where are they going to? If they are at a adding network with you and they are staying at a network, is your larger competitors signing a contract or are they going to the hospital or are there enough independents out there to take this patient flow? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Well in a lot of cases, it doesn't take anyone signing a new contract. Let's assume that you and I are both in Des Moines and you have a contract and it's at X dollars per treatment and you had that contract for years. We don't have a contract and we are at 1.2 times X, and we are out of... we are non-contracted. So no one has to develop a new pricing approach in that market because the payor already has a provider with a contracted rate that's lower than someone else's non-contracted rate. It's just that before they didn't work to get the non-contracted person into the contracted center or physician. So it doesn't take a provider coming in and lowering price in order to trigger the event. 
Justin Lake - UBS:  Okay. So you're saying there are enough contracted facilities out there to absorb the patient flow without anybody doing anything different? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  The answer defers by market, but in a lot of markets, the answer is yes. 
Justin Lake - UBS:  Okay. So how does that affect the patient and the physician? And I know in a lot of instances the physicians that are at DaVita centers are normally physicians like to favor one center over others. If the patient has to move, does the physician have to go with them? Do they have to switch positions? Is there a push back from the patients on this or the physicians on this? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Typically, the physicians and the patients hate it because they are both very happy with the existing center for the physician that would be their primary affiliation, if not exclusive. But primary would be more typical. And for the patient, they are very bonded to the care givers, and so typically they hate it. 
Justin Lake - UBS:  Okay. And just one whack at trying to size this, in the fourth quarter, can give us an idea... it sounds like this is the first time you've kind of highlighted where this is truly having an impact on results or expected to have an impact on results in the very near term. Is there any way you can give us an idea of if we kind of... I know you don't want to talk about the absolute number or the absolute revenues from out of network patients, but as far as the impact that you are seeing, can you say if that's... if this is impacting 5%, 10%, 20% of your out of network patients or the contracts or the actions that are being taken by payors? Just give us an idea of how big we are actually seeing here. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  I think the best way to think about that is to look at our guidance, and that is the ultimate manifestation of everything we are seeing that cuts across all types of payors and all types of revenue. And it would not be in your best interest for us to start to parse publicly what you're proposing. 
Justin Lake - UBS:  Okay, thanks for answering the questions. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum with Bear Stearns. 
Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns:  I really appreciate you taking my question. I just have some very brief questions. I was wondering if it's possible... I don't know if this is your policy to do so or not, but if possible to quantify the sequential unit volume change in EPO utilization across your clinics and then if you're willing to comment on kind of your expectations for '08 terms of EPO unit volume please? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  We don't comment about unit volume changes. So I wish I could give you that answer, but I can't. 
Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns:  Okay, all right. And can you comment on your expectations around Medicare reimbursement rates for EPO in 2008, and then that's my last question? I really appreciate you taking it. 
LeAnne Zumwalt - Vice President, Investor Relations:  Yes, reimbursement rates for EPOGEN, as you know, or in the majority of our patients, are driven by the Medicare program and the ASP plus six system. Beyond that, we don't really comment on '08. 
Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns:  Great. Thanks again for taking that. I appreciate it. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor with Bank of America 
Gary Taylor - Bank of America:  Hi most of my questions have been answered. I did want to see maybe I could go back to the EPO utilization question, because in the three items you mentioned on the sequential revenue per treatment decline this quarter, you did mention I think pharmaceutical utilization as the second or third. And Kent, I thought you had characterized for us in a couple of prior quarters that the EPO utilization was down in the low single digit year-over-year. If that's accurate, can you tell us if we are still there in that range? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  We had mentioned previously that we expected that the combination of things that are going on could affect EPO utilization in the neighborhood of 2% to 5% and we're experiencing utilization from... 2% to 5% down from Q1 and we're experiencing a utilization decline of approximately 5%. 
Gary Taylor - Bank of America:  Okay. Thank you. And my other question may sound antagonistic, it's not intended to be but I don't know how else to ask it. But I just want to get a little color, Kent, if you wouldn't mind. I guess four folks in the CFO spot in three years, and I know you have a got lot of financial talent on the team. I'm not concerned about controls, but I'm just wondering from your perspective what does it take to... do you think to get someone in there that will be with you for a while? Has it just been unfortunate personal events etcetera? Anything you could kind of give us on that would be helpful. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Sure. That's a very fair, very fair question. And each situation has been a little different. We have had three CFOs in eight years and then of course acting CFOs in between. And we understand and support Mark's decision to want to be with his family more and the other situations were not the same in that sense. So it's not good to have three CFOs in eight years. It's appropriate for anyone to look at that and be critical and we hope that we find someone who can be CFO with us for a long time going forward. And in the meantime, it is good that a whole bunch of the rest of us have been around throughout the entire period. 
Gary Taylor - Bank of America:  Okay thanks. So I assume there is a search that will get started right away and you will update us as soon as you can. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes. 
Gary Taylor - Bank of America:  Thank you. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Justin Boisseau with Gates Capital Management. 
Justin Boisseau - Gates Capital Management:  All my questions have been answered. Thanks. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ernesto Cruz [ph] with Highline Capital. 
Unidentified Analyst:  All my questions have been answered. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Mark Arnold with Piper Jaffray. 
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray:  Most of my questions have been answered. I just... just on the home infusion business that you guys purchased, do you see any other opportunities like that that you can maybe put some of your cash to work on new growth platforms that you see out there, anything that you could comment on that? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Well, even if we had something in mind, we wouldn't say anything about it to be quite honest. But right now we are happy that we put an oar in that big ocean and we are looking forward to working with that team. Well or we are working with that team to try to figure out how to grow that both conventionally and perhaps unconventionally. And so we are open to other ideas when they come over the [indiscernible] and we've got a couple of ideas of our own, but there are pretty much in their infancy. 
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray:  Do you think there is an opportunity to use... potentially to use that platform for home dialysis in the future? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Well we do think there is going to be more patients getting dialysis at home ten years from now than they are today. And so... and we do know that we are going to learn a lot about different ways of doing home care from the HomeChoice acquisition than we've learned necessarily from ourselves and our competitors in dialysis over the last five years an awful lot of conventional thinking. So the answer to that question would be a yes, and then more broadly, what's very clear in America is that the pipeline of more complex, more expensive pharmaceuticals and biologicals that are best administered from both a clinical and economic point of view in a more disciplined and protocol and evidence based way than the historic just let docs do it in their offices or first patients in the hospitals. Those big facts sort of the jet stream economic facts of basic pharmaceutical and biological trends mean that there could be some very nice opportunities if you have both the kind of nationwide, inexpensive care distribution networks that we have in dialysis combined with a very sophisticated full service ability to do a lot of things at home that we might be able to put some very attractive value on the table for our patients, docs, payors and pharma companies. So up at 15,000 feet, that whole pitter patter sounds good to us, and now we are busy working at ground level seeing if any of it can come true. 
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray:  Okay.Just one another question, and this may just semantics, but earlier on, Kent, you had in your opening remarks you had talked about for 2009 if you don't get a Medicare update and an MSP extension that those 2009 numbers could be flat to down. Is it going to require both in order to see any growth in 2009 or do you need to get at least one of them? I just want to make sure I wasn't reading too much into the fact that you said both of them. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  I actually don't know exactly what I said, but it wouldn't necessarily take both. Of course, it would depend how big the Medicare rate increase or the MSP extension was and what all else is going on. Our objective there was just to provide people a bit of a window into a longer timeframe to emphasize the importance of having those things happen, at least one of them, in a healthy, robust way. So that was the spirit. 
Mark Arnold - Piper Jaffray:  Okay, I understand. I won't read that much into it then. Great. Thank you very much. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Thanks. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Mark Effiasiaby [ph] of PIMCO. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Hi there, Mark Effiasiaby. Just following up on earlier, you were talking about managed care focusing on out of network people, out of network patients. And in one of the responses, you talked about patients essentially being taken... moved to other facilities, other providers. And so it sounded almost like that's what's more going on than renegotiating price on that particular patient. So that's what I was confused about because if it was the people leaving your centers and it would seem to show up in organic treatment growth being down sequentially rather than price. But obviously you have renegotiation going on also in addition to potentially losing volume. But could you maybe go into more detail on the split between renegotiating price on patients and then actually losing patients? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, I don't think that would be a good idea because the fact is all of the above goes on all the time. And in any one quarter, it could be more of one versus the other, both more victories and defeats and more of one versus the other. And whether someone is getting existing patients to move or redirecting new patients, it would have the same impact within a very short period time on our non-acquired growth numbers. And so you can see from our non-acquired growth numbers that we continue to clip along in that regard. So I don't think breaking it out would be good because the answer in any one quarter could be misleading. And the fact is it's all a combination of the same negotiation. So how much of what happens is hugely affected by what we agree to or don't agree to with the payor as opposed to some basic trend. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay. Okay, that's fair, thank you. One other thing then, just on sort of the financial policy, capital structure policy. Given the CFO departure here, you've stated your goal before of giving essentially a leverage range as your optimal kind of target cap structure. Is that something that is really kind of a moving target with the CFO or is this something that you and the Board kind of feel is in place and would be essentially forced upon on the new CFO? The reason I ask is the CFO is obviously kind of the steward of the capital structure and so on. Can we expect some sort of radical change here with who you get or is that something that's almost set in stone at DaVita? 
Mark G. Harrison - Chief Financial Officer:  Yes, this is Mark. I will take that question. The 3... the sweet spot of 3 to 3.5 times leverage is a sweet spot that makes sense from a weighted average cost of capital basis. So it's fundamentally about analyzing what brings the company to the lowest cost of capital. And that hasn't changed at this point. So it's really not a subjective decision per se. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  And then what changes around that, because we have been using the same number for a long time for the reason that Mark articulated and then depending on how the external world moves around. There is times when we are above it or below it. So we went down as low as two or so. We wanted to keep our powder dry because we were hoping we could buy Gambro. Then we went up to 5 or so when we brought Gambro, but we did it in a period when be felt unusually confident in all the near-term cash flows. And so we were comfortable that there was very, very little probability that we couldn't zoom right back down towards our range. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Even when we were at 2 and even when we were at 5, we said the same thing about 3 to 3.5 for the reasons that Mark mentioned. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay, guys. Thanks a lot. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Balaji Gandhi with Oppenheimer. 
Balaji Gandhi - Oppenheimer:  Good afternoon. Just a question on HomeChoice. I know you talked about it in the press release of being neutral to EPS. I was just wondering it would contribute at all to operating income next year and just generally speaking, what type of operating margin or range we can expect for that business. 
Mark G. Harrison - Chief Financial Officer:  Yes, when we acquired HomeChoice, we expected it to have a neutral impact on EPS. And obviously our reasons for acquiring the company were to, as Kent has articulated earlier, to learn the space and then also it's matched up with our core competencies etcetera. In terms of operating income, the impact right now is expected not to be material. 
Balaji Gandhi - Oppenheimer:  In terms of margins, is there a range you are willing to share with us just to help us model that to '09 maybe? 
Mark G. Harrison - Chief Financial Officer:  No, I don't think that would make sense at this point, not until... it would not make sense for us to do that at this point given the materiality of the business. 
Balaji Gandhi - Oppenheimer:  Okay, thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Hamlen Thompson with Westfield Capital. 
Hamlen Thompson - Westfield CapitalManagement:  Thanks guys, I appreciate you taking the call. And sort of similar to Gary, I don't want this to be an antagonistic question, but I feel the need to ask it. Kent, you talked about referring to guidance as a proxy for us to understand the pricing pressures. But for six years now, you've guided to numbers significantly below where you've ended up on the following year. So I'm trying to understand a little bit why this would be different than the prior six years guidance? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Number one, the overage versus guidance has not been very significant. If you want, we can bring all the historical analysis to Capital Markets. That might be a good idea. So the directional fact is true, but it's not terrifically a power quantified point. Second is what we intended to do is provide guidance and then continue to refine it, just sort of giving you a rolling set of expectations. And so if you pick out the earliest guidance, then the long-term variance might be bigger, but that's because we try to add value by offering earlier guidance than some other people do. Third, the fourth quarter estimate would be one reason to think that this time is different because the pattern of the fourth quarter versus the third, even though we told you the third quarter was going to be very strong is still different from other years, Q4 versus Q3. And then fourth, I think it could also be that the guidance itself of what the year-over-year numbers are is different on a relative basis, meaning the actual '08 versus '07 difference compared to '07 and '06 or '06 and '05. That might be a fourth reason. So I think it's a very fair question. So that's why I am trying to give you an analytical and logical response to it as to why you might want to pay attention to the guidance. 
Hamlen Thompson - Westfield CapitalManagement:  Thank you. My second question would be can you just help me understand how you think about trading on price for market share? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  We still on this point have the same point of view that we have voiced for years, which is in this business with low fixed cost, high variable cost and some stickiness in referrals, it is not a good idea to be aggressive in thinking that lowering prices is going to get you more market share. So that has been and remains our point of view. That doesn't mean that there is not going to be across the entire country some exceptions in some particular markets and some particular years. But our basic point of view remains very firmly held and is reflected in all of our contracting strategies. 
Hamlen Thompson - Westfield CapitalManagement:  So what is happening here is you are getting the same price increases you historically have or that you are giving up some pricing? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  In some cases, we are giving up pricing and not getting any more volume. So we didn't give up pricing to get volume; we gave up pricing to keep volume. 
Hamlen Thompson - Westfield CapitalManagement:  Okay, thank you guys. I very much appreciate it. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Thank you. 
Operator:  We have follow-up question from the line of Andraws Dirnagl with J.P. Morgan. 
Andreas J. Dirnagl - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.:  Yes, just actually to follow up on what Ham was asking, Kent, you sort of started to answer it. Maybe you stopped. Are you basically seeing the commercial pricing pressure in the form of reduced pricing increases in the most... for the most parts or are you actually taking pricing cuts? And I realize that there is both; I trying to figure out which one is more common. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Right. The incidents of pricing cuts is up. 
Andreas J. Dirnagl - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.:  And is that the majority of the decrease or is it that you are just taking smaller increases? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  We haven't run that number; we will by Capital Markets. My strong hypothesis is that the cuts is absolutely the dominant factor. 
Andreas J. Dirnagl - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.:  Yes. And sort of my final question for the night has to do with sort of what you talked about just a couple of questions ago in terms of cash. You yourself just highlighted that sort of the last time that you saw the company sort of move towards and even well below the lower end of that sweet spot was right before the Gambro acquisition because you really wanted to buy it, you saw that opportunity was out there. I think Mark highlighted that in terms of your uses of cash going forward, clearly, sort of profitable reinvestment is sort of the number one priority. You've made a small in a sort of ancillary business in the U.S., but you're highlighting that that's very unlikely to be sort of a major move that's going to be more sort of an organic growth and a progression. My question is is there something out there that you're building up this cash and you're reducing you debt level or your debt to EBITDA? And if so, I know you're not going to comment on any transaction, but what's the timeframe that's involved? I mean how much cash do you have to build up before you finally say you know what, this is too much and there is no opportunity; therefore, we are going to do a share repurchase. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, fair question, and we'll just have to keep revisiting it every quarter because it is the case in the home business. We want to learn it and partly we want to learn it is to see if you want to be bold because to do a bold move in a business you've never been in, I mean the corporate cemeteries are filled with the graves of those who've done that. And the opportunity to learn with a quality team to decide if you want to do something bold is just wonderful. And so it's not going to happen in three months, but hopefully will figure out in not too long a lot about that business. The primary reason that we have a bias to hold more cash now is from what I said earlier, Andreas, which is just earnings uncertainties. And if private rate compression kicks in in American dialysis with more intensity than other people are expecting, there could be some significant dialysis growth opportunities as people have a tougher time making it. 
Andreas J. Dirnagl - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.:  That leads to the obvious question, which is are there FTC issues for any more domestic acquisitions? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, but that's just a question of... that's a mathematical issue and in some cases just a partnership issue where you recognize upfront that you can't keep everything. 
Andreas J. Dirnagl - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.:  Okay, thanks. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Jill Grueninger with Mason Street Advisors. 
Jill Grueninger - Mason Street Advisors:  Hi Kent. I just wanted to ask about the rate compression. Is the rate compression an actual cut in the in network per treatment rates or is it from payors trying to move patients in network, and so you take a cut when they go from out of network to in network? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, it is both. We've had some actual contracts that moved to lower rates in that we have had some lower rates that come from people moving from out of contract to in a contract because we decided we'd rather have more patients at a lower rate than fewer patient at a higher rate. 
Jill Grueninger - Mason Street Advisors:  And which of those is the predominant? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  On that one, I'd rather wait longer because in any given quarter the answer can move one way or the other. So give us the next, whatever it is, 12 days to the Capital Markets, to see if there is a sort of consistent answer. If I had to guess for the industry over the next year, I would guess it will be more of the moving into contract than the other. But please don't hold me to that as a promise. 
Jill Grueninger - Mason Street Advisors:  And where you are finding the actual rate compressing for the in network patient, I would assume that's where you don't have the 70% or 80% market share that you have in the some markets, is that correct? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  We do find that the stronger geographic presence the more value we can deliver. So that often correlates with getting a higher rate. And if we are a tiny bit player in a community, you are right, that can lead to a lot less negotiating leverage. And then what can get misleading about that, however, and the reason I am sort of choosing my words carefully is in a lot of cases we deal with a payor across several markets. And so if we are dealing with them across 10 markets across 5 states, it could be that in 3 we are very strong in our geographic presence and 3, we are very average and in 4, we are low. And then you start to get results that don't fit with sort of the paradigm of market share correlates to price. 
Jill Grueninger - Mason Street Advisors:  Okay. And just one last question is what percentage of your patients would you say are in areas where you have the dominant market share? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Well we don't have dominant market share anywhere in America. And we have about 27% overall, and it gets pretty tricky to define market because let's just take good old Des Moines again or some city, Peoria that for one payor we might literally be negotiating Southern Illinois rates; another payor, it might be part of an entire Illinois negotiation; anther payor might put those dialysis centers into the Tri-State Midwestern region. And so suddenly when we look at a dialysis center, what's our market share, well, it's actually a part of three different markets depending on the payor and the level of aggregation in their contracting. So that's just another big sort of hurdle to giving a simple analytical response. 
Jill Grueninger - Mason Street Advisors:  Okay. Can I just ask one more question? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Sure. 
Jill Grueninger - Mason Street Advisors:  What percentage of your patients are out of network? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, and that's something we don't think is in your best interest for us to disclose. 
Jill Grueninger - Mason Street Advisors:  And why is that? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Once again, I just... we just don't think it's good for us to go down that path. 
Jill Grueninger - Mason Street Advisors:  Maybe then is there a way to look at how that's changed over time in out of network patients instead of looking at the absolute number? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  That may be a good idea, and so let us think about that between now and the Capital Markets. And please remember, when we have all these discussions when we don't answer something because I think it's not in your best interest, it's because we don't think it's in your best interest because we are in a lot of negotiations. Otherwise, it would be very fun to go through the analysis together. But you wouldn't want us to do that and then think we were foolish in a way that hurt the share price. 
Jill Grueninger - Mason Street Advisors:  Okay. Thank you. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  All right. Thanks. 
Operator:  We have a follow-up question from the line of Bill Bonello. 
William Bonello - Wachovia Securities:  Hey, just a couple of more quick ones. The balance sheet allowance as a percent of gross AR is up about 140 business points year-over-year. Can you just comment on what's driving the need for that extra level of reserve? 
LeAnne Zumwalt - Vice President, Investor Relations:  Yes. You know, Bill, it's not a need for necessarily extra levels of reserve. I wouldn't characterize it as that. It's timing more of the write up of contractional adjustment. And I can spend a little more time off line if you like, but it will fluctuate based on the timing of write off. 
William Bonello - Wachovia Securities:  Okay. And just I get that. I mean the only thing about that is that if I go back from December of '04, it was at 11.4% and it's pretty much gone up every single quarter sequentially for the last three years. 
LeAnne Zumwalt - Vice President, Investor Relations:  Yeah, that's fair. I think Gambro obviously had some impact on that, and we'll take a look at it and I'll get back to you with some answers. 
William Bonello - Wachovia Securities:  Okay, that would be -- 
LeAnne Zumwalt - Vice President, Investor Relations:  But there is really no change in our practice, our policy that really is more to do with timing of write off of balances etcetera. 
William Bonello - Wachovia Securities:  Okay. And then just two more questions, and in the negotiations with the managed care payors, I guess I had been optimistic that you might take the right declines like you are taking but that you get something in exchange for that, maybe longer term visibility into pricing or a more comprehensive suite of services that you could provide or what not. I mean is there anything that's working out in your favor or are you pretty much just losing the battle? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  No, I am glad you brought that up Bill because we do on some of these, we are getting multi-year arrangements that are going to be very stable, that have a CPI and a well defined CPI, a fairly designed CPI. Now there is going to be the sharing of hospitalization and other data which will allow us to take our value and the relationship to a whole another level. And so in some of those cases where rates are lower, we got some other things in the deal that we think have a very nice net present value potential associated with them. 
William Bonello - Wachovia Securities:  Okay, that's very helpful. And then just a final thing, I guess it's a sort of policy easy question, but just as the government's debating MSP, I mean aren't they going to be a little less sympathetic to the payors if the same payors who say hey, we don't want to provide insurance benefit to our own members also are squeezing what they are paying for the members they are paying for? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes. 
William Bonello - Wachovia Securities:  Okay. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Your analysis is exactly right that we hope people notice that rates are coming down. 
William Bonello - Wachovia Securities:  Good. Thanks. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ilan Chaitowitz with Redburn Partners. 
Ilan Chaitowitz - Redburn Partners:  Good evening, this is Ilan Chaitowitz from Redburn Partners in London. I've got just two questions. Firstly, is there any cause or [ph] link between the decline in private payor rates that you are reporting and the lower utilization of EPO in your business? And secondly, we see recently in FMC's presentation that they have got a percentage of patients with a hemoglobin level above 11 grams per deciliter at about 80%. I think your equivalent metric is currently 83%, and that's come down 1% from the last quarter. Would it be wrong to assume that you've got another two or three quarters of incremental declines in EPO utilization to get to a more normalized level? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  The answer to the first question is that yes part of the reason for the decline in revenue per treatment is the drop in EPO utilization. The answer to the second question is it is we don't know because it's difficult to predict what the portfolio physicians will decide. But in general, our physicians have had a lower percentage of patients below 11 than other providers for a long time and so if one were to assume we were to move to the same place that FMC is, that would be first time that would have been the case in many years. Now again, we can't predict how all doctors are going to respond to all the different anemia stuff going on and the gap between FMC and DaVita, for all I know has remained exactly constant as both of those numbers have moved up, which is to say the percentage of people below 11. 
Ilan Chaitowitz - Redburn Partners:  Thank you. And I don't think I asked my first question properly. Let me reask it. There has been an explanation that the attrition in private payor rates has come from buyer power, so consolidation and using bigger purchasing power to reduce rates. My question is is an additional factor contributing to what you are reporting as private payor rates declines from lower EPO utilization? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Right. And my answer... I did understand the question, and my answer is yes that when EPO utilization goes down both our Medicare revenue per treatment goes down and our private revenue per treatment goes down. 
Ilan Chaitowitz - Redburn Partners:  Thank you very much. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes. Thank you. 
Operator:  We have a follow-up question from the line of Ernesto Cruz [ph]. 
Unidentified Analyst:  I have a couple of questions actually. First is Fresenius experienced a sequential increase in average revenue per treatment in North America of $4 whereas you experienced a $4 decrease. And I believe that they also said that they had experienced the decrease in EPOGEN utilization on a sequential basis between the two quarters. What do you think accounts for the different directions and movement in average revenue per treatment? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, we don't know enough about them to answer. So it could be they're doing better. It could be that they are getting higher rates and we have higher volume growth and those things match up somehow. Could be any number of things. I think you could probably have to watch it over a longer number of quarters. But the short answer is we don't know enough about them to know. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay, second question is in order to get flat to down EBIT for 2008, given that you are getting a full year out of your de novos and acquisitions from this year that you are going to have de novos next year that there is natural growth in number of patients over time. And that at worse, your Medicare rates should be flat and that given what happened at cardio panel, you might actually see a rebound in EPO utilization and that your margins have been growing. I would think that you would need a massive fall in commercial pay rates given that there... a minority of your revenue in order to actually drive flat to down EBIT. So would you be willing to share sort of the order of magnitude assumption about how the size of that hit in order to give that math of work? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes. We'll do that at Capital Markets as we've always done. But the short answer is that yes, it does take some material private rate compression for it to happen. But there is a lot of other stuff going on, and once you pause it, no Medicare rate increase and then perhaps lower private rate increases, some private rate cuts, normal labor pressure, stuff going on with pharmaceutical pricing. It doesn't take too long before you get to where we are. So Capital Markets I say will give you a pretty satisfactory parsing of that issue. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay. Is the... are either of the new EPOGEN-like drugs going to be on the market in 2008 and such that they might create pricing pressure for Amgen? 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  We don't think so. 
Unidentified Analyst:  That's not built into your assumption that there is going to be some competitive activity at Amgen? Okay. And... okay, no, I think that's it. Thank you. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Thank you. 
Operator:  There are no further questions. 
Kent J. Thiry - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  All right. Well I thank everyone for your interest and we hope to see a bunch of you at Capital Markets where we can go through a longer deck and so the analytics hopefully become clearer and clearer. In the meantime, we'll keep working away. Thank you. 
Operator:  This concludes today's DaVita third quarter earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.
